
                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

government shutdown;
SBA loan approvals on hold

BYLINE: Tim Landis Business Editortim.landis@sjr.com

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 359 words


The backlog of loan approvals through the U.S. Small Business Administration has
continued to grow since funding lapsed Oct. 1, local program coordinators said
Wednesday.

Private and not-for-profit lenders continue to process applications. But SBA is
not signing off on loans during the partial government shutdown.

A voicemail message at the SBA branch office in Springfield said help is not
available, as a result of the funding lapse.

"We use them all the time," said Kevin Lust, director of the Illinois Small
Business Development Center at Lincoln Land Community College.

Lust said SBA loan guarantees are popular, especially with start-up businesses
that have difficulty obtaining conventional financing. While no applications
were pending at the time of the shutdown, Lust said further delays will only
make it more difficult for would-be entrepreneurs.

The SBA guarantee also reduces risk for the banks, Lust said.

"SBA will guarantee up to 90 percent of the loan," he said. "If you borrow
$100,000 and never make a payment, the bank is only out $10,000."

The president of Growth Corp., a Springfield not-for-profit that is one of the
nation 's largest SBA loan partners, said the company processes applications up
to the point SBA approval is required.

"Although it generally takes us a week or less to put together our part," Doug
Kinley said in an email, "the backlog at SBA is growing fairly quickly."

Growth Corp. facilities SBA "504" loans for major equipment and real estate
purchases in Illinois, as well as parts of Missouri, Indiana, Iowa and Kentucky.

The company processed more than $368 million in investments in 2012.

SBA has continued to accept disaster loan applications during the shutdown.

The SBA shutdown has complicated the work of SCORE, the Service Corps of Retired
Executives, said John Bury, chairman of the SCORE chapter in Springfield. Bury
said the volunteer group often refers clients to SBA and relies on the agency
for workshops on starting or expanding small businesses.

"We can't use it for our clients, which is a problem," Bury said.

Tim Landis can be reached at 788-1536. Follow him at twitter.com/timlandisSJR.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               November 24, 2016

                    Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia

                           1470 Riveredge Parkway, NW
                                 Atlanta 30328
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Westinghouse to lead Vogtle construction; move prompts settlement agreement
among contractors, co-owners

   Oct 27, 2015

   Georgia Power announced that the contractors for the Vogtle nuclear
expansion, Westinghouse and CB&I, have entered into a transaction that will
position Westinghouse and its affiliates as the sole contractor over the
project.As a result, Georgia Power and the other Vogtle co-owners (Oglethorpe
Power Corporation, Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia and Dalton Utilities)
have agreed on terms to settle all claims currently in litigation with the
project's contractors and to include additional protections in the engineering,
procurement, and construction (EPC) contract against future claims."This
settlement is extremely positive for the Vogtle project and now the contractors
can focus 100 percent on project execution," said Buzz Miller, executive vice
president of nuclear development for Georgia Power. "The agreement resolves
current and pending disputes, reaffirms the current schedule and increases
efficiencies by streamlining resource deployment with Westinghouse and its
affiliates as the prime contractor over the Vogtle expansion." Including this
settlement, the project's incremental impact on customer rates will average less
than 1 percent per year until the project is complete. Georgia Power's portion
of the settlement cost is approximately $350 million, which is significantly
less than current litigation claims. The agreement also reaffirms the current
in-service dates of 2019 for Unit 3 and 2020 for Unit 4. Construction of the new
units near Waynesboro, among the first to be built in the United States in more
than three decades, is progressing well and more than halfway complete based on
contractual milestones. The expansion remains the most economic choice for
meeting the future energy needs of Georgia. Once units 3 and 4 join the existing
two Vogtle units already in operation, Plant Vogtle is expected to generate more
electricity than any U.S. nuclear facility, enough to power more than one
million homes and businesses. The settlement is subject to completion of the
Westinghouse and CB&I transaction. Southern Nuclear, a subsidiary of Southern
Company, is overseeing construction and will operate the two new 1,100-megawatt
AP1000 units for Georgia Power and co-owners Oglethorpe Power Corporation, the
Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia and Dalton Utilities. Georgia Power owns
45.7 percent of the new units.


PW Power Systems awarded Frame 7FA.03 long term contract for parts, component
repair services and outage services by Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia
(MEAG Power)

   Jul 16, 2015

   PW Power Systems, Inc. (PWPS) recently entered into a long term agreement for
the supply of gas turbine hot gas path and combustion parts, component repair
services and outage services with the Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia
(MEAG Power) for the combined cycle facility at the Wansley Unit 9 Power Plant,
located in Franklin, Heard County, Georgia.The combined cycle facility at the
Wansley plant consists of two Frame 7FA.03 natural gas-fired turbines and a
steam turbine.Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia (MEAG Power) was formed in
1975 by the State of Georgia for the purpose of owning and operating electric
generation and transmission facilities and supplying bulk electric power.
Currently, 48 cities and one county have contracted with MEAG Power to purchase
wholesale power. According to PWPS senior vice president Charles Levey, "PW
Power Systems is expanding its presence and customer base in the 'F Class'
industrial gas turbine market by offering superior technology with significant
cost savings. The gas turbine user community continues to embrace the ability to
operate and maintain its generation assets more cost effectively facilitated by
PWPS technology offerings and depth of experience."


Energy Department Issues Remaining $1.8 Billion in Loan Guarantees for Vogtle
Advanced Nuclear Energy Project

   Jun 24, 2015

   To further support the construction of two advanced nuclear reactors at the
Alvin W. Vogtle Electric Generating Plant, the Department of Energy announced it
will issue $1.8 billion in loan guarantees to three subsidiaries of the
Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia (MEAG Power). This is the last of three
conditional commitments that were first announced by the Administration in 2010,
which, when combined with the previously issued $6.5 billion in loan guarantees
to Georgia Power Company (GPC) and Oglethorpe Power Corporation (OPC), allow the
project to be fully financed. This project is a crucial part of America's
revitalized nuclear energy industry and will further support the nation's clean
energy economy.The Vogtle project is the first new nuclear power plant to be
licensed and begin construction in the U.S. in more than three decades. The two
new 1,100 megawatt Westinghouse AP1000Â® nuclear reactors at Vogtle represent
the first U.S. deployment of this innovative technology and once they come on
line, the new nuclear reactors are expected to provide enough reliable
electricity to power nearly 1.5 million American homes and avoid nearly 10
million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions annually. "As we move towards a
low-carbon future, the Department's loan guarantees will play an important part
in expanding the role of nuclear energy as a part of our all-of-the-above energy
strategy," said Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz. "The Vogtle project has put the
U.S. at the forefront of a new generation of advanced nuclear reactors,
incorporating numerous innovations resulting in significant operational and
safety improvements, and helping to train a world-class workforce with expertise
in building nuclear power plants." "Georgia is uniquely positioned to be a major
player in the national energy scene," said Senator Johnny Isakson. "The
Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia (MEAG Power) does tremendous work to
advance Georgia's leadership in America's nuclear energy production. Nuclear
power is a reliable, zero carbon emitting source of energy, and, as I have said
repeatedly over the years, nuclear power must be part of the solution if we want
to meet the goal of reducing carbon and reducing U.S. dependence on foreign oil.
These federal loan guarantees are a step in the right direction toward energy
independence in this country." "Plant Vogtle continues to lead the way in the
expansion of our nation's nuclear energy resources, bringing the first two new
nuclear reactors constructed in the United States in more than 30 years," said
Congressman Rick Allen. "Completion of this project will help provide Americans
affordable and reliable energy in a safe, cost-effective manner while creating
thousands of jobs at home in Georgia. I'm pleased to see the Department of
Energy's positive response to a request from myself and several fellow members
in the Georgia delegation to ensure necessary support for MEAG and the
innovative work underway at Plant Vogtle." The two new nuclear reactors at
Vogtle will supplement the two existing reactor units at the facility. According
to industry projections, the project will create approximately 4,600 onsite
construction jobs and approximately 750 permanent jobs once the units begin
operation. The Energy Policy Act of 2005 authorized the Department to issue loan
guarantees for projects that avoid, reduce, or sequester greenhouse gases and
employ new or significantly improved technologies. To further help accelerate
the deployment of advanced nuclear energy in the U.S., the Department also has
$12.5 billion in loan guarantee authority available to support eligible
innovative nuclear energy projects through the Advanced Nuclear Energy Projects
Solicitation. Currently, the Department's Loan Programs Office (LPO) supports a
large, diverse portfolio of more than $30 billion in loans, loan guarantees, and
commitments, supporting more than 30 closed and committed projects. This
portfolio is helping to advance the nation's all-of-the-above energy strategy
through projects including the first nuclear power plant to begin construction
in the U.S. in the last three decades, one of the world's largest wind farms,
several of the world's largest solar generation and thermal energy storage
systems, and more than a dozen new or retooled auto manufacturing plants across
the country.


MEAG revises contract for Vogtle nuclear power plant expansion

   Jun 14, 2014

   The Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia (MEAG) and the Department of
Energy have agreed on a revised contract for the construction of reactors three
and four at Southern Nuclear's Vogtle nuclear power plant, Northwest Georgia
News reported.In order to fund for the expansion project, the company has to
establish three wholly owned subsidiaries, which will be dissolved once contract
obligations are met, said MEAG lawyer Pete Degnan.Southern Nuclear will oversee
construction and operate the two new units. MEAG CEO and president Bob Johnston
said. "This is a monumental accomplishment for MEAG Power, our partners and the
nuclear industry. "We are committed to bringing these units online to deliver
clean, safe and reliable energy to the 41 Participant communities that have
joined this effort." Presently, MEAG should get all 41 participating members to
sign a revised contract before the DOE approves it. On June 9, 2014, the Calhoun
City Council joined the group of more than 25 participating cities with MEAG by
signing a new agreement.


Sec. Moniz to Georgia, Energy Department Scheduled to Close on Loan Guarantees
to Construct New Nuclear Power Plant Reactors

   Feb 19, 2014

   Building on President Obama's State of the Union address to Congress and the
American public last month, U.S. Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz announced at
the National Press Club that he will be traveling to Waynesboro, Georgia
tomorrow, February 20, to mark the issuance of approximately $6.5 billion in
loan guarantees for the construction of two new nuclear reactors at the Alvin W.
Vogtle Electric Generating Plant.The project represents the first new nuclear
facilities in the U.S. to begin construction and receive NRC license in nearly
three decades. In addition, the deployment of two new 1,100 megawatt
Westinghouse AP1000Â® nuclear reactors is a first-mover for a new generation of
advanced nuclear reactors.The construction of new nuclear power facilities like
this one - which will provide carbon-free electricity to well over a million
American energy consumers - is not only a major milestone in the
Administration's commitment to jumpstart the U.S. nuclear power industry, it is
also an important part of our all-of-the-above approach to American energy as we
move toward a low-carbon energy future, said Secretary Moniz. The innovative
technology used in this project represents a new generation of nuclear power
with advanced safety features and demonstrates renewed leadership from the U.S.
nuclear energy industry. The two new 1,100 megawatt Westinghouse AP1000 nuclear
reactors at the Alvin W. Vogtle Electric Generating Plant will supplement the
two existing reactor units at the facility. According to industry projections,
the project will create approximately 3,500 onsite construction jobs and
approximately 800 permanent jobs once the units begin operation. When the new
nuclear reactors come on line, they will provide enough reliable electricity to
power nearly 1.5 million American homes. Project partners include Georgia Power
Company (GPC), Oglethorpe Power Corporation (OPC), the Municipal Electric
Authority of Georgia (MEAG), and the City of Dalton, Georgia (Dalton). President
Obama announced the Energy Department's conditional commitments for the project
in 2010, saying To meet our growing energy needs and prevent the worst
consequences of climate change, we need to increase our supply of nuclear power
and today's announcement helps to move us down that path. At that time, the
Energy Department made conditional commitments for a total of $8.33 billion in
loan guarantees. Tomorrow, the Department is scheduled to issue loan guarantees
to GPC and OPC for a total of approximately $6.5 billion. The Department
continues to work on the remaining conditional commitment for a $1.8 billion
loan guarantee to MEAG. The Energy Policy Act of 2005 authorized the Department
to issue loan guarantees for projects that avoid, reduce or sequester greenhouse
gases and employ new or significantly-improved technologies as compared to
technologies in service in the United States at the time the guarantee is
issued. The nuclear facility is eligible for loan guarantees since it is
expected to avoid nearly 10 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions
annually, which is the equivalent of removing more than two million vehicles
from the roads. In addition, the Westinghouse AP1000Â® reactor has incorporated
numerous innovations resulting in significant operational and safety
improvements. Currently, the Department's Loan Programs Office (LPO) supports a
large, diverse portfolio of more than $30 billion in loans, loan guarantees, and
commitments, supporting more than 30 closed and committed projects. The projects
that LPO has supported include one of the world's largest wind farmsseveral of
the world's largest solar generation and thermal energy storage systemsand more
than a dozen new or retooled auto manufacturing plants across the country.


Georgia Power Completes Placement Of Basemat Structural Concrete For Nuclear
Island At Vogtle Unit 3 Nuclear Expansion Site

   Mar 14, 2013

   Georgia Power Company completed the placement of basemat structural concrete
for the nuclear island at its Vogtle Unit 3 nuclear expansion site. While
maintaining focus on safety, quality and compliance, the basemat concrete
placement was completed in approximately 41 hours.The placement at Vogtle Unit 3
encompassed approximately 7,000 cubic yards of concrete, which will serve as the
foundation for all of the nuclear island structures, including the containment
vessel and the shield building. It covered an area approximately 250ft long and
160ft wide at its widest point, and the concrete measured six feet in
thickness.The company is building two new nuclear energy facilities at Plant
Vogtle units 3 and 4, near Waynesboro. The full outlines of both nuclear islands
at Vogtle have been completed to grade level. The first components for erecting
the Unit 3 containment vessel are completed and staged for installation once the
basemat concrete has cured, including the CR10 cradle and the Unit 3 containment
vessel bottom head. The construction of Vogtle 3 and 4 employs approximately
5,000 people during peak construction and creating 800 permanent jobs when the
plant begins operating. Once complete, the new units will produce enough
electricity to power 500,000 Georgia homes and businesses. Unit 3 is scheduled
to go on line in 2017, and Unit 4 will follow in 2018. The facility provides at
least $4 billion more value to customers than the next best available
technology, including natural gas generation. Georgia Power is in position to
provide customers with up to $2 billion in potential benefits in the form of
savings related to recovering financing costs during construction, U.S.
Department of Energy loan guarantees, production tax credits,
lower-than-forecast interest rates and lower-than-forecast commodity costs.
Southern Nuclear, a subsidiary of Southern Company, is overseeing construction
and will operate the two new 1,100 MW AP1000 units for Georgia Power and
co-owners Oglethorpe Power Corporation, the Municipal Electric Authority of
Georgia and Dalton Utilities. Georgia Power owns 45.7% of the new units.


Mistras Receives Contract For New Nuclear Construction NDE Services

   Dec 14, 2011

   Mistras Group, Inc. (Mistras) has been awarded a multi-year contract to
provide traditional and advanced non destructive evaluation (NDE) services by
The Shaw Group. The facility, which will utilize Westinghouse AP1000 technology,
is part of a planned expansion of the Plant Vogtle nuclear generation station in
Waynesboro, Georgia. Called Vogtle Units 3 and 4, the services will support the
inspection requirements of the first new nuclear units awarded in the US in the
last three decades.Project owners include Georgia Power Company (45.7%),
Oglethorpe Power Corporation (30%), Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia
(22.7%) and Dalton Utilities (1.6%).In April 2009, Georgia Power, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Southern Co., provided the Shaw-Westinghouse partnership full
notice to proceed with Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4 construction. Georgia Power
expects the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission to approve its combined license
application in the near future. The units are scheduled to begin commercial
operation in 2016-2017. The NDE Services include radiographic testing (RT) Gamma
and X-Ray (including digital and computed radiography), liquid penetrant testing
(PT), magnetic particle testing (MT), ultrasonic testing (UT), ultrasonic
thickness testing (UTT) and automated ultrasonic testing (AUT).


MEAG Power Reports Revenues Of $179.25 Million In Q1 2010

   Mar 31, 2010

   The Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia (MEAG Power) has reported total
revenues of $179.25 million for the first quarter of 2010, compared with the
total revenues of $157.87 million in the year-ago quarter.Revenue and Cost
AnalysisOther revenues increased $4.1 million through March 31, 2010 in relation
to the same period in 2009 due primarily to an increase of $2.5 million in
off-system energy sales related to both volume and price, due in part to the
colder weather conditions mentioned previously. Capacity and energy sales
pertaining to a long-term sales agreement also increased $1.8 million. Operating
Expenses: For the three months ended March 31, 2010, operating expenses
increased 12.9% to $130.8 million compared to $115.9 million for the same period
in 2009. An increase of $9.6 million in fuel expense was primarily due to a 36%
increase in coal consumption, as well as a slight increase in the price of coal.
Higher generation from the coal plants resulted from reduced days of maintenance
outages and higher utilization of coal resources due to more favorable economic
dispatch conditions than during the same period in 2009. Other generating
expenses increased $7.9 million due primarily to planned major maintenance at
the nuclear plants. Interest Expense, Net: As of March 31, 2010, net interest
expense, which includes stated interest expense and other related components
such as amortization of debt discount and expense, interest income, net change
in the fair value of financial instruments, and interest capitalized, totaled
$33.2 million. This 27.5% decrease, from the total of $45.8 million for the same
period in 2009, was due primarily to an increase in the fair value of financial
instruments. The fair value of financial instruments increased $10.3 million due
mainly to an increase in the value of decommissioning investments, which was
partially offset by a decrease in the value of certain interest rate swaps.
While stated interest expense increased $11.7 million primarily due to the
Vogtle Financings discussed above, this increase was offset by an additional
$10.3 million in interest capitalized and a $3.2 million interest rebate accrual
from the US Treasury on the Build America Bonds, both of which also pertained to
the Vogtle Financings.The weighted average interest rate of MEAG Power's debt
was 4.14% and 4.15% for the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2009,
respectively, with the slight decrease due to lower rates on variable-rate debt.
These factors were partially offset by higher rates on new fixed-rate bond
issuances. The weighted average interest rate for both periods excludes the
impact of receipts and payments pertaining to interest rate swap agreements, as
well as other related net interest expense components listed above. For the
three months ended March 31, 2010, the rate includes the interest rebate accrual
discussed previously.


DOE Offers Conditional Commitments For $8.33 Billion In Loan Guarantees To
Construct Two New Nuclear Reactors In Georgia

   Feb 16, 2010

   The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) has offered conditional commitments for a
total of $8.33 billion in loan guarantees for the construction and operation of
two new nuclear reactors at a plant in Burke, Georgia. Project sponsors include
Georgia Power Company, Oglethorpe Power Corporation, the Municipal Electric
Authority of Georgia and the City of Dalton, Georgia. Georgia Power is a
subsidiary of Southern Company. The two new 1,100MW Westinghouse Electric
Company's (Westinghouse's) AP1000 nuclear reactors at the Alvin W. Vogtle
Electric Generating Plant will supplement the two existing reactor units at the
facility. The project is scheduled to be the first US nuclear power plant to
break ground in nearly three decades.According to industry projections, the
project will create about 3,500 onsite construction jobs. Once the nuclear
reactors become operational, the project will create 800 permanent jobs. US
President Obama said: "To meet our growing energy needs and prevent the worst
consequences of climate change, we need to increase our supply of nuclear power
and today's announcement helps to move us down that path. But energy leaders and
experts recognize that as long as producing carbon pollution carries no cost,
traditional plants that use fossil fuels will be more cost-effective than plants
that use nuclear fuel. That is why we need comprehensive energy and climate
legislation to create a system of incentives to make clean energy profitable.
"What I hope this announcement underscores is both our commitment to meeting the
energy challenge â[#x20ac]" and our willingness to look at this challenge not as
a partisan issue, but as a matter far more important than politics." Energy
Secretary Steven Chu said: "This is a significant step by the Obama
administration to restart our domestic nuclear industry, helping to create
valuable long-term jobs and reduce our greenhouse gas emissions." The Energy
Policy Act of 2005 authorized the DOE to issue loan guarantees for projects that
avoid, reduce, or sequester air pollutants or anthropogenic emissions of
greenhouse gases and employ new or significantly-improved technologies as
compared to technologies in service in the US at the time the guarantee is
issued. These are the first conditional commitments for loan guarantees to be
offered by the DOE for a nuclear power facility since enactment of the 2005 law.
The Department's Loan Programs Office administers the loan guarantee program.
The nuclear facility is eligible for loan guarantees because it achieves
substantial environmental benefits by reducing greenhouse gases and other
pollutants. In addition, the Westinghouse AP1000 reactor has incorporated
numerous innovations resulting in significant operational, safety, and cost
enhancements, the DOE said. Georgia's need for electricity is growing and is
expected to increase by about 30% over the next 15 years. When the new nuclear
reactors come on line, they will provide reliable, base-load electricity capable
of serving about 550,000 residences or 1.4 million people. Compared to a similar
sized coal plant, the new Vogtle units will avoid significant greenhouse gas
emissions each year: 16 million tons of carbon dioxide, 3,900 tons of nitrogen
oxides, and 5,500 tons of sulfur dioxide. As one part of the conditional loan
guarantee deal, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) must determine if
the AP1000 fulfills the regulatory requirements for a construction and operating
license. This is the fifth time that the DOE has offered conditional commitments
for a loan guarantee under The Energy Policy Act of 2005. Other recipients of
commitments for loan guarantees for new technology energy projects include
Solyndra, Inc.Nordic Windpower, USABeacon Powerand Red River Environmental
Products.


Southern Company's 1,152 MW Unit 1 At Vogtle Nuclear Station Increases Up To 94%
Power

   Oct 26, 2009

   Southern Company's 1,152 MW Unit 1 at Vogtle nuclear power station in Georgia
has increased up to 94% power on October 26, 2009, after exiting a refueling
outage last week, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) said, Reuters
reported. The unit was shut on September 21, 2009.The unit's last shut for
refueling was from about March 16-April 23, 2008. It is on an 18 month refueling
cycle.The 2,301 MW Vogtle station is situated in Waynesboro in Burke county
around105 miles southwest of Columbia, South Carolina. The statio has two units:
the 1,152 MW unit 1, which entered service in 1987, and the 1,149 MW unit 2
(1989). The NRC in June 2009 extended the unit's original 40 year operating
licenses for another 20 years until 2047 and 2049. Unit 2 continued to operate
at full power. One MW powers about 500 homes in Georgia. Southern's Southern
Nuclear Operating Co operates the station for its owners, including Southern's
Georgia Power Company (45.7%), Oglethorpe Power Corporation (30%), The Municipal
Electric Authority of Georgia (22.7%) and the City of Dalton (1.6%).


Southern Company's 1,152-MW Unit 1 At Vogtle Nuclear Power Station Exits
Refueling Outage And Increases Up To 28% Power

   Oct 19, 2009

   Southern Company's 1,152-MW Unit 1 at the Vogtle nuclear power station in
Georgia exited a refueling outage and increased up to 28% by early October 19,
2009, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission said, Reuters reported. The unit
last shut for refueling was from about March 16-April 23, 2008 and is on an 18
month refueling cycle.The 2,301 MW Vogtle station is located in Waynesboro in
Burke County about 105 miles southwest of Columbia, South Carolina. There are
two units at the station: the 1,152 MW Unit 1, which entered service in 1987,
and the 1,149 MW Unit 2 in 1989.In June 2009, U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission
extended the unit's original 40 year operating licenses for another 20 years
until 2047 and 2049. Unit 2 continued to operate at full power. One MW powers
about 500 homes in Georgia. Southern Company's Southern Nuclear Operating Co
operates the station for its owners, including Southern's Georgia Power (45.7%
stake), Oglethorpe Power Corp (30% stake), Municipal Electrical Authority of
Georgia (22.7% stake) and the City of Dalton (1.6% stake).
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                                  October 2012
                               Northeast Edition

The Many Forms Of Foreign Trade

BYLINE: The Editor interviews R. Andrew Richards, Partner in the Corporate
Securities and Financial Institutions practice of McCarter & English, LLP.

SECTION: Pg. 8 Vol. 20 No. 10

LENGTH: 2379 words



HIGHLIGHT: Please email the interviewee at arichards@mccarter.com with questions
about this interview.


Editor: Please describe your practice areas, particularly those in which you
concentrate most heavily.

Richards: I am a member of the firm's Corporate and Financial Institutions
practice group and have an extensive background in structuring, negotiating and
documenting financial transactions, including senior and mezzanine credit
facilities, asset-based and cash flow credit facilities and acquisition
financing. On the lender's side my clients include traditional banks, finance
companies, insurance companies, private equity funds and other financial
institutions in their various roles as first and second lien lenders, mezzanine
debt holders, and as lenders or agents. I also represent institutional clients
in work-outs and restructurings. Additionally, on an ongoing basis I counsel
clients regarding venture capital investments, mergers and acquisitions, joint
ventures, international trade and other commercial and contractual matters, most
often for middle market clients.

Among the more interesting aspects of my practice is the transactional work I do
for a prominent social investment fund that makes both loans and equity
investments at a reduced rate of return, but otherwise on an arm's-length basis,
to promote economic development and socially beneficial causes, both
domestically and internationally. My involvement in microfinance in Africa,
which I will discuss later, has been both an inspiration and resource for this
work.

Editor: Please describe the types of clients you have outside the U.S. I
understand they come from Europe, the Middle East and India. What types of
financing does their work involve?

Richards: The economic slowdown has made many foreign companies reluctant to
open representative offices in the U.S. and hire executive, sales and
operational employees. Instead, they are looking for cheaper and lower-risk
alternatives, despite those options being less profitable. So the alternatives
for a foreign company are the following: entering into joint venture agreements
with U.S. companies, entering into distribution agreements, and licensing its
intellectual property and know-how to U.S. manufacturers. These options can
generally be self-financed.

Larger foreign entities are usually able to obtain credit facilities like any
other company. Among the issues that arise in these financings are how to
isolate the collateral of the borrowing U.S. operation from the assets of the
foreign parent and subsidiaries that may be pledged to a foreign lender, and how
to prevent guaranties issued to the U.S. or foreign lender from breaching
negative pledges to the other lender.

Editor: Some of the areas that you deal with include the rarer areas of finance
such as New Markets Tax Credit leverage loans, dividend recaps and microfinance.
Would you describe what each of these areas entails?

Richards: I have handled a number of loan transactions where the collateral is
of a type that is outside the customary reach of Article 9 of the Uniform
Commercial Code. These include loans secured by intellectual property, marine
vessels, airplanes and motor vehicle fleets. Unlocking the value of these assets
is extremely important as intellectual property is increasingly a larger
component of balance sheet assets and for companies that hold a large percentage
of non-cash- generating assets. From a legal perspective, these transactions are
challenging because the creation of liens or their perfection is governed by
another statute rather than the more commonly understood Article 9.

Another form of loan transaction involving esoteric collateral where I have
represented both lenders and borrowers is the capital call lending facility.
These are bridge facilities supported by a security interest in the limited
partners' unfunded capital commitments. Since the collateral is essentially the
right to exercise a contractual right, a careful due diligence review of the
governing limited partnership agreement is essential. Among the critical issues
to confirm are that the fund is authorized to borrow, that it may pledge and
grant a security interest in the contractual right to make capital calls upon
limited partners and that there exists an unconditional obligation on the part
of limited partners to fund when a capital call has been duly issued.
Documentation of these facilities should take practical considerations into
account as well, such as requiring a power of attorney from the general partner
to support the lender's ability to exercise rights under the limited partnership
agreement and obtaining an acknowledgment from the limited partners of their
obligation to fund upon receipt of a capital call from the lender following an
event of default.

As a result of the current economic climate we have seen an increase in dividend
recap loans. When the economy deteriorated and credit markets tightened, private
equity funds and other investors were forced to make larger equity investments
to finance acquisitions. As the credit markets have loosened and those
investments show solid earnings, dividend recap loans are an option that allows
investors to finance dividend payments to recoup their investments rather than
selling their equity.

Together with skilled tax counsel I have structured and documented leveraged
loans under the complicated federal New Markets Tax Credit program. The program
encourages investments in real estate and other business ventures located in
low-income communities by granting a tax credit to participating investors
against their income tax liabilities. The equity investor's contribution of
roughly 25 percent of a development project can be leveraged with a loan, the
sum of which under applicable federal regulations then generates up to a 39
percent tax credit. The discounted tax credits are then sold to the equity
investor. These loans are especially complicated, given the federal regulation,
the multiple layers of entities involved and restrictions on the leverage
lender's ability to collateralize the loan.

Editor: Please tell our readers about your two years of work in Cameroon.

Richards: I took a sabbatical from my legal career and for two years lived in
rural Cameroon, in central Africa, where I was an advisor to a network of credit
unions and the country's nascent banking system. My work involved advising bank
management on best practices and procedures, improving underwriting standards
and the functions of credit committees, and developing sound loan portfolio
management. The economy of the region where I lived was agrarian, and
agricultural production revolved around tropical commodities such as coffee,
cocoa, rubber and tropical fruits, which were then sold in bulk to Western
companies. As in any such economy, the countryside producers were very poor. In
addition to the work with the credit unions, I gave advice on many projects to
add value in-country to the commodity crops before their export. Although I
didn't function as a lawyer, I drew on my skills as a counselor and other
lawyering skills such as the ability to analyze problems and craft solutions.
The work was challenging but overall very rewarding. I learned firsthand about
and participated in the microfinance revolution that is transforming the
developing world. And I became a better lawyer as a result of working under
difficult conditions, functioning for two years in French and observing the
world from an uncommon perspective.

Editor: Please give a brief snapshot of how microfinance has spread from
Bangladesh around the world.

Richards: Microfinance, the concept of making loans as small as $20 to an
entrepreneur in a developing country so he or she can build a business, has
grown exponentially over the past 15 to 20 years. While it sounds innovative and
exotic, in practice in its simplest form it involves mobilizing community
savings and then using that funding source to make creditworthy loans. So it is
very much akin to a credit union or savings and loan, and similar to the U.S.
banking system of 75 years ago. A key feature of microfinance is finding
creative ways to ensure repayment of loans in places where credit checks, title
to collateral and lien creation and enforcement mechanisms are poor or
non-existent. This is done in a number of ways, including accepting
non-traditional collateral and fostering community involvement in loan
repayment. Muhammad Yunus of Bangladesh is credited as a major pioneer of the
movement. Although it has its critics, most observers would say the movement has
been a huge success and it has certainly been transformative. There are hundreds
of millions of people worldwide involved with their local microfinance
institutions, which have heavily penetrated Latin America, Asia and much of
Africa. Most microfinance institutions are locally run, often with little
oversight, and are financially fragile. So the next stage of the movement, in my
view, should be to integrate the microfinance networks more into national
economies, provide the supporting services of a central bank and an FDIC-type
institution, and developing sound oversight.

There has been a lot of debate about whether microfinance can be an effective
economic development tool in the U.S. Based on my own involvement, I don't think
the developing world model would be effective here. The problem abroad is an
inability to access capital, whereas most Americans can obtain some form of seed
capital, even if from a credit card. Job training and financial education need
to play significant roles in domestic grassroots entrepreneurialism of at-risk
people.

After my experience in Africa, I have been fortunate to have institutional
clients who are involved with the overall funding of microfinance programs. So,
I have been involved in microfinance at the grassroots level and at a macro
level.

Editor: Besides the customary forms of use of letters of credit and bills of
lading, are you seeing more international trades being done on open account
today? What instrumentality is being used to protect collateral?

Richards: With my own clients, I've seen the value of the Export-Import Bank of
the United States ("Ex-Im Bank"), our federal export credit agency. It was
chartered about 75 years ago to address the particular risks and difficulties
faced by exporters, which include political risks such as war, expropriation,
confiscatory taxation and inconvertible currency, and commercial risks such as
bankruptcy and the problem of long-distance contractual enforcement. On top of
this, foreign buyers in developing countries often don't have liquid means to
pay for goods they are importing because of their underdeveloped banking systems
and capital markets. The result is that U.S. lenders are often reluctant to
finance exports and will even curtail working capital lines of credit to finance
the manufacturing process out of concern for the risks to cash flow that will
cover repayment. The transactional costs of letter of credit facilities to
address these issues is especially burdensome on sales by smaller manufacturers.

Ex-Im Bank has a number of core financial services intended for small businesses
in areas where the commercial financial institutions are unable to provide
financing at rates they can afford. These include export credit insurance,
working capital facility guarantees, and guarantees and direct loans. Also,
Ex-Im Bank has strategic mandates from Congress to support areas such as
renewable energy and African trade. Ex-Im Bank is relatively user-friendly
because of its "delegated authority program" through which a U.S. bank can issue
Ex-Im Bank guaranties without prior approval and without the exporter needing to
interface with Ex-Im Bank itself.

Ex-Im Bank credit insurance covers non-payment from commercial and political
risks. With such insurance, an exporter's receivables may be more likely to be
financed by a local bank. Additionally, it enables the exporter to offer
open-account terms. With such foreign customer financing, the foreign customer
can avoid looking for financing to cover an advance cash payment or the cost of
a letter of credit.

Ex-Im Bank facilitates working capital lines of credit during the manufacturing
process by issuing a guarantee on behalf of the exporter in favor of a local
bank, covering 75 percent of inventory, whether raw materials, work-in-progress
or finished goods, and 90 percent of accounts receivable. Ex-Im Bank also makes
longer-term fixed-rate loans to both the U.S. exporter and its foreign customers
to cover contract costs.

Editor: How do you counsel clients as regards their assuring that their supply
chains will be protected? What lessons did we learn from the Japanese tsunami
and the floods in Thailand?

Richards: Companies know that they should not simply focus on financial controls
but also periodically review their operational controls and have a solid
business continuity plan in place to deal with the issues affecting their
locale. But the Asian disasters that you cite taught that contingency planning
also needs to take into account the ripple effect caused by disasters that
foreign businesses confront on other continents. From a contractual perspective,
one would want force majeure clauses to be flexible enough to permit a rapid
shift to other suppliers, at least in the short term. The all-too-common 30-day
holding period before the contract can be terminated or performance suspended
should be reassessed for these kinds of situations.

Editor: To what extent do you work with clients in effecting training programs
for their employees so that they are apprised of all the federal rules regarding
economic sanctions on trade?

Richards: Like other big law firms, we have regulatory experts who counsel
clients involved in foreign trade, whether import or export. There are a host of
statutory and regulatory schemes that are implicated, such as the Patriot Act,
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and the International Trafficking in
Arms Regulations (ITAR). We do presentations to clients as to their obligations
under these laws and have documentation and content for implementing written
compliance policies and manuals. Various cases in recent years have shown the
high cost of non-compliance and remind us that an ounce of prevention is worth a
pound of cure.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Articles

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Metropolitan Corporate Counsel
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            December 14, 2007 Friday

Don't put taxpayers on the hook for high-risk nuclear power

BYLINE: By Joan Claybrook and Ryan Alexander

SECTION: COLUMNISTS; Opinion

LENGTH: 595 words


While we may not agree on the federal government's role in solving our nation's
energy crisis, we both agree that the latest attempt by the nuclear industry to
secure expensive subsidies on the backs of the taxpayers is a bridge too far.

When Congress passed the Energy Policy Act of 2005, it authorized the Department
of Energy to provide taxpayer-funded loan guarantees to a variety of innovative
energy projects that would increase our domestic energy supply and reduce air
pollution. These projects ranged from solar and wind to nuclear power, coal and
oil refineries. While no industry was excluded from participating in this
program, the nuclear industry and its allies in Congress are trying to
manipulate the rules of the program so they can receive budget-busting subsidies
for questionable new ventures and stick the taxpayers with the bill.

The federal government has long-established safeguards and restrictions that
govern large loan programs. Essentially they limit the percentages of debt that
would have to be covered by the Treasury if a company or industry defaults on a
loan. These safeguards are meant to protect the taxpayers from bad deals that
are likely to fail. And if you listen to Wall Street, jumbo-size loans to the
nuclear industry fit that bill.

A group of investment banks recently weighed in about the significant likelihood
of delays and cost overruns in building nuclear power plants, telling the DOE,
"We believe these risks, combined with the higher capital costs and longer
construction schedules of nuclear plants as compared to other generation
facilities, will make lenders unwilling at present to extend long-term credit."

So what was the nuclear industry's response? It pressured lawmakers in the House
and Senate to increase share of the government's liability for new loans. It
even took the unusual step of having a Republican senator stall the nomination
of the Bush administration's choice to head the powerful Office of Management
and Budget until they secured as commitment that OMB would not object to the
increased taxpayer risk the industry was proposing for the loan program.

But that still wasn't enough. One more obstacle stood in their way. Under a law
called the Federal Credit Reform Act, Congress is required to set an annual
budget limits for loan programs to avoid cost over-runs. The industry
successfully exempted their subsidies from this requirement in the current
energy bill pending in Congress.

The nuclear industry sought this special treatment because, according to Rep.
Pete Visclosky, D-Ind., the chairman of the appropriations subcommittee that set
limits for energy programs, the nuclear industry's trade association was pushing
for more than $50 billion in federal loan guarantees in the next two years.

Visclosky remarked, "It overwhelms what the (Energy and Water Appropriations)
bill provides for the entire energy community." It also exceeded the $4 billion
the administration had sought for both nuclear and coal projects.

As House and Senate leaders seek compromise on energy legislation, they should
reject super-size subsidies to the nuclear industry. And if Congress does
provide support for the fledgling nuclear industry, it should do so under the
same budgetary constraints and fiscal safeguards that govern other loan
guarantee programs. The taxpayers should not be held liable for projects that
the private sector and government watchdogs have deemed to be a risky
investment.

---

Joan Claybrook and Ryan Alexander are president of, respectively, Public Citizen
and Taxpayers for Common Sense.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Financial Leaders Say Incentives, Less Red Tape Needed on Energy

                             July 17, 1979, Tuesday

By JAY ROSENSTEIN

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Money is not the only problem in funding the nation's future energy needs,
financial institution leaders stressed Monday.  Programs to survive the energy
crisis must be structured to cut red tape and provide incentives for energy
investments.

This was the financial community's first reaction to the President's plan to
establish funding mechanisms for promotion of synthetic fuel production and
widespread use of solar energy.

Industry sources added that financial institutions already have adequate funds
for energy lending, but the absence of government and private industry
incentives has not made it attractive.

In his speech Sunday night, President Carter proposed two main programs for
financing energy needs.  He recommended establishing an Energy Security
Corporation, a government-sponsored independent corporation, to pormote
production of oil energy substitutes using a variety of techniques, including
direct loans, loan guarantees and federal purchase agreements.

The President also proposed creation of a solar bank to encourage the use of
solar energy through subsidized loans to homeowners.

Financial industry officials interviewed Monday said the success of the
President's program would depend largely on the Administration's ability to gain
the support of community leaders, environmentalists, real estate appraisers and
other special interest groups.

In addition, they said, much will depend on the success of a proposed Energy
Mobilization Board.  The EMB is intended to reduce delays in the development of
production facilities by mandating schedules for the completion of projects,
often by waiving procedural requirements of state and local governments.

The feeling was that many groups have been working at cross purposes in the
past, and this as much as anything has hindered programs to increase the
nation's energy independence.

Mr. Carter's proposed Energy Security Corporation would direct the investment of
approximately $88 billion to produce 2.5 million barrels per day of nonimported
energy.  The Administration said the corporation would be funded with receipts
from the proposed windfall profits tax on oil companies.  To encourage projects
to find alternatives to oil, the corporation's financing devices would include
price guarantees, federal purchase agreements, direct loans, loan guarantees,
and a limited number of government-owned plants.

Partial support for the Energy Security Corporation would come from bond sales
of up to $5 billion.  President Carter said in his speech Sunday night he wanted
the bonds "to be in small denominations so that average Americans can invest
directly in America's energy security."

The plan calls for direct funding for operating expenses, and budget authority
of $83 billion for direct obligations and debt guarantees.

The Administration did not provide an outline of the amounts the Energy Security
Corp. would use in each category of financing devices.

The Solar Bank suggested by the President would pay direct subsidies to banks
and other lenders for making below-market rate mortgage and home improvement
loans that involve solar energy systems.

The interest subsidy would apply only to that portion of a loan which directly
finances the solar investment, according to the White House.  The rate of the
interest subsidy would be determined by the three-member board of the Solar
Bank, composed of the Secretaries of the Departments of Energy, Treasury and
Housing and Urban Development.

Annual funding for the Solar Bank of $150 million would come from a trust fund
of receipts from the oil company income taxes and the windfall profits tax.

The maximum loan size which would qualify for a subsidy would be $10,000 for a
single-family dwelling, $5,000 for each unit of a multi-family residence up to
$500,000, and $200,000 for a commercial building.

The Administration estimated that the Solar Bank could assist in the funding of
more than 150,000 solar energy installations per year at the suggested level of
funding.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 675 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1979 American Banker, Inc.


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Washington: Sussex County communities awarded more than $5 million from USDA

LENGTH: 581 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the MP John Carney has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Delaware&rsquo;s Congressional Delegation announced that almost $5.3
million in federal grants and loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture were
awarded to various communities in Sussex County, Delaware. Delmar, Georgetown,
and Lewes will all receive assistance from the USDA&rsquo;s Rural Development,
Community Facilities grant program.





 &ldquo;Delaware's communities have benefitted greatly from the USDA's Rural
Development's Community Facilities grants, which aim to help our small towns
provide essential services to its residents,&rdquo; said U.S. Sen. Tom Carper.
&ldquo;From patrol cars for police departments, to energy efficiency upgrades
for town buildings, these grants are important taxpayer investments that help
our smaller communities meet their needs.&rdquo;



 "This is great news for some of the quickly growing towns in Sussex County,"
said Sen. Coons. "As communities grow, so do the needs of the residents. We are
thankful to USDA Rural Development for these invaluable loans and grants. I am
confident that they will be put to good use to ensure greater public safety and
much needed support for mental health services downstate."



 &ldquo;Sussex is the fasting growing county in Delaware, which requires that
communities across the county have resources to upgrade and expand the services
they provide to their residents,&rdquo; said Congressman Carney. &ldquo;These
Rural Development grants will make a major difference in addressing those needs
and improving the lives of Delawareans throughout Sussex County.&rdquo;



 The projects awarded funding include:



 &bull; The Town of Delmar was awarded $50,000 to purchase portable/mobile
radios and to upgrade existing radios for its Police Department. The radios will
enable Delmar officers to better communicate with the State Police and State
Emergency Communications systems in both Delaware and Maryland.



 &bull; Connections Community Support Program received a $5.05 million loan to
establish a Withdrawal Management Center serving Kent and Sussex Counties. The
loan allows Connections to purchase an existing facility and upgrade the
services provided to include medical, substance abuse, and psychiatric
treatment.



 &bull; Georgetown Fire Company was awarded $25,000 to purchase portable radios
for its volunteer firefighters. The grant will enable to company to purchase
enough radios for all firefighters to communicate in an emergency.



 &bull; The Lewes Public Library was awarded $50,000 to furnish the library.



 In a separate announcement from the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service, the
Historic Lewes Farmers Market was awarded a $99,229.99 grant.  These funds will
be used to expand access to produce from local farms and to pinpoint best
practices that will help improve farmers markets across the United States.



 USDA Rural Development grants can be used to fund projects that bring housing,
community facilities, business guarantees, utilities and other services to rural
America. USDA provides technical assistance and financial backing for rural
businesses and cooperatives to create quality jobs in rural areas. Rural
Development works with low-income individuals, state, local and Indian tribal
governments, as well as private and nonprofit organizations and user-owned
cooperatives



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Development Bank Backed by Top Democrats

                         September 29, 1982, Wednesday

By JOSEPH SUMMERS The Bond Buyer

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Two of the most powerful Democrats in Congress urged a Housing Banking
subcommittee Tuesday to resurrect a 1930s banking concept that would provide
financial aid to declining industries and state and local public-works systems.

House Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill, D-Mass., in a rare appearance as a witness
before a congressional panel, and Rep. Jamie L. Whitten, D-Miss., chairman of
the House Appropriations Committee, both testified in support of a proposal to
create a national development bank to assist financially troubled private
businesses and hard-pressed state and local governments.

Democrats favor the measure as part of their suggested creation of an economic
cooperation council that would bring separate groups such as labor, business,
universities, and agriculture into concert with government to help solve the
nation's economic problems.

Republicans seem to be lukewarm to the plan, on the grounds that government is
already too big and that a government bank in competition with the nation's
private banking system would drain off private savings and put additional
pressure on interest rates.

The national development bank bill, under consideration by the House
subcommittee on general oversight and renegotiation, would be patterned after
the old Reconstruction Finance Corp., created in 1932 under the Hoover
administration and used extensively during President Franklin D. Roosevelt's
administration to keep businesses, railroads, farms, and banks from going
bankrupt, according to testimony before the banking panel.

Financed Home Mortgages

The corporation helped finance the nation's conversion to a war-time economy and
was used to finance thousands of home mortgages after World War Two.

In its 25-year life span, the agency disbursed more than $40 billion in loans
and guaranteed many more billions in private loans and investments. The
corporation was a profit-making agency until 1957, when Congress, saying the
government should not be competing with private enterprise, disbanded it.

Under the proposed legislation, the national development bank would be run by a
board of directors consisting of the secretaries of Commerce, Treasury, Labor,
and Agriculture, the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and six
other members appointed by the President and approved by the Senate.

The federal government would fund the bank by purchasing $5 billion worth of
stock; the money would come from general revenues appropriated by Congress. The
bank would be authorized to issue up to $100 billion in debt, including notes,
debentures, and bonds, which would be guaranteed by the federal government. It
would also be able to guarantee up to $5 billion in loans from private sources.

As now proposed, the bank would be able to provide four different forms of aid
to state and local governments. It could make direct loans, guarantee loans,
purchase obligations issued by state and local governments, and guarantee the
payment of principal and interest on such obligations.

States and localities could use the bank for financing a variety of public works
and community projects, including facilities for public transportation,
utilities, and education.

Businesses could also apply for aid in the form of loans and loan guarantees to
provide capital for new or existing businesses, to curb unemployment, to
encourage the manufacture of products or services for which shortages are
perceived, or for other purposes the bank deems necessary.

The interest rates on direct loans by the development bank would not be allowed
to exceed the average cost of money to the federal government, and the bank
would not be able to make loan guarantees where the interest rate on the loans
is more than 1.5% above the Federal Reserve discount rate.

Both private businesses and state and local governments would be required to
demonstrate that they were unable to obtain funds on reasonable terms from any
other source.

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 663 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1982 American Banker, Inc.


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Social sector push seeks empowerment, not entitlement

LENGTH: 767  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 18 -- End the entitlement regime and begin ground-level
empowerment-that was the underlying message for the social sector in the
National Democratic Alliance government's first Union budget. Finance minister
Arun Jaitley, treading cautiously in his attempt to change the course of
economic policies, gave a clear signal that the government will no longer hand
out doles, preferring instead to build an environment that would be conducive to
inclusive growth. Beginning his budget speech by asking if citizens should be
victims of "mere populism or wasteful expenditure", Jaitley laid out a road map
aimed at marking a radical shift in the government's approach to the issues that
plague the social sector. Rather than scrap the welfare schemes of the previous
United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government, he made a conscious attempt to
enhance popular schemes like the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment
Guarantee Scheme.

"The government is committed to providing wage and self-employment opportunities
in rural areas. However, wage employment would be provided under MGNREGA
(Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act) through works that are
more productive, asset creating and substantially linked to agriculture and
allied activities," the finance minister said. Jaitley's assurance that money
will be allocated for the job guarantee scheme set aside fears that the scheme
would be discontinued in the wake of Rajasthan chief minister Vasundhara Raje
writing to the Prime Minister seeking to turn the legal job guarantee Act into a
scheme. The budget sought to meet the aspirations of scheduled caste youths,
setting aside '200 crore for a credit enhancement facility for young scheduled
caste entrepreneurs. The budget also promised better facilities for the
differently abled and proposed modernized Braille presses and currency notes
with Braille-like signs to assist the visually challenged.

Wooing the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP's) targeted support base at the recent
general election, the budget allocated '100 crore for improving the efficiency
of delivery of welfare services for women. Reinforcing attempts to project a
propoor image and to reduce the rural-urban gap, Jaitley promised several
programmes aimed at improving the access of rural populations to various
facilities, including a village entrepreneurship programme to encourage rural
youth to become entrepreneurs ('100 crore) and extension of loan facilities for
women self-help groups in 100 more districts. Jaitley has announced a sum of
'14,389 crore for taking forward the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, an
ambitious rural road development programme launched by former BJP Prime Minister
Atal Bihari Vajpayee. Giving a thrust to government's vision of providing
housing for all by 2022, the budget extended the additional tax incentive on
home loans to encourage home ownership, especially among the young. Instead of
announcing free houses, the minister has proposed an allocation of '4,000 crore
during the current fiscal for the National Housing Bank, aiming to increase the
flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor and economically
backward sections.

Overall, Jaitley's proposals mark a significant shift from the UPA's policies
that focused on entitlements. During its 10-year rule, the Congress-led
government had brought in legislation making education, jobs, food and
information legal rights. For minorities, Jaitley proposed a programme for
upgradation of skills and training in ancestral arts. An additional amount of
'100 crore was announced for modernisation of madrasas. To empower landless
farmers, the budget proposed to provide institutional finance through the
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development. In order to encourage small
savings among farmers, the government reintroduced the Kissan Vikas Patra, a
small savings scheme. Jaitley also launched the Shyama Prasad Mukherji Rurban
Mission to help infrastructure and skill development in rural areas. In order to
protect senior citizens who worked in the organized sector, the government
approved a minimum pension of '1,000 per month to all subscribers of the
Employees Provident Fund, allocating an amount of '250 crore. All organised
sector workers drawing salaries up to '15,000 per month will now compulsorily
come under Provident Fund deduction. Currently, the ceiling is '6,500.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2014 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 25, 1979 Tuesday

INTERNATIONAL   REPORT   Gasohol output

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 67 words


The U.S. House of Representatives' Agriculture Comittee has voted to
 approve an $800-million program of loans and loan guarantees to stimulate
 gasohol production on farms and in rural cities. The program would
 authorize $200-million in direct loans to farmers in the next two years
 and $600-million in loan guarantees for such facilities as agricultural
 cooperative elevators that install gasohol plants.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                Intellinews - Turkey Sectors and Companies Today

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

State-run lender Ziraat gets EUR 100mn loan from EIB.

LENGTH: 116  words


State-run Ziraat Bankasi announced on Tuesday that it signed an agreement for a
EUR 100mn loan with the European Investment Bank (EIB).

The loan facility has a maturity of eight years with a grace period of three
years, Ziraat detailed. The bank will use the loan to meet SMEs financing needs.

This is the second tranche of a EUR 200mn euro financing approved by the EIB in
2013, Ziraat said.

Earlier this month, the Treasury said that a guarantee agreement relating to the
loan provided under Treasury Guarantee by KfW to Ziraat, amounting to EUR 150mn
was signed. The loan will be utilized for the purpose of financing of micro,
small and medium enterprises in agricultural sectors or rural areas.


LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: English

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Emerging Markets Direct Media Holdings LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 23, 1989 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

SBV POURED 'MILLIONS' INTO TRICO

BYLINE: JOANNE GRAY and TONY KAYE

SECTION: BANKING & FINANCE; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 1310 words


State Bank Victoria had pumped "some hundreds of million of dollars" into
Tricontinental Holdings since banks and institutions began cutting credit
facilities to the merchant bank in February, SBV's chief executive, Mr Bill
Moyle, said yesterday.

Mr Moyle said State Bank Victoria had propped up its wholly owned merchant bank
with the purchase of assets and the extension of credit and added that
Tricontinental would write off $52 million from loan losses in the 1989
financial year.

"We have provided guarantees of indemnity to Tricontinental and we are in the
course of reviewing the total loan portfolio of Tricontinental... (which has)
either written off or has got general provisions and specific provisions
amounting to $52 million."

Tricontinental had already written off $31 million in bad loans.

Mr Moyle's comments came one day after the State Bank Victoria's second attempt
to divest itself of Tricontinental came unstuck after a deal, which had at first
been looked on as innovative, was called off.

Tricontinental Holdings was bought by State Bank Victoria in 1985. Earlier this
year, SBV bought the small licensed trading bank Australian Bank for $106
million, intending to back it into Tricontinental and give the "aggressive and
adventurous" merchant bank banking status.

When SBV bought Tricontinental, it was aware that the merchant bank's lending
practices were regarded somewhat warily by many in the banking community.

If it intended to keep the merchant bank permanently, some controls or
restrictions would ordinarily have been imposed on Tricontinental's lending
activities.

The SBV had actually decided by 1987 that it should divest itself of
Tricontinental, for the sake of both organisations.

Before the 1987 crash it intended to float the merchant bank. It took another
year to come up with an alternative deal, considered initially by the market as
a bold and clever SBV manoeuvre.

Five months ago, the SBV launched a takeover bid for Australian Bank, intending
to use it as a vehicle to stage a reverse takeover of Tricontinental. The merged
entity was then to be sold off, although the SBV intended to keep 10 per cent of
the "new look" Australian Bank.

Mr Moyle said yesterday: "We've been saying for two years we want to divest
Tricontinental because the time for an asset-creating merchant bank is past, I
believe.

"Deregulation has meant that banks have become much more competitive, the
funding base of banks is more reliable and cheaper and that just means that
merchant banks like Tricontinental can't compete with banks in a deregulated
environment in creating loans."

The plan collapsed on Sunday, however, after independent directors, mindful of
the stringent constraints that the Reserve Bank would place on the acquisition
of a bank licence, demanded from the SBV a full guarantee of Tricontinental's
loans and indemnity of possible losses.

Under the SBV's ownership, the managing director of Tricontinental, Mr Ian
Johns, meanwhile made no attempt to change his approach to banking, which was
one of lending to entrepreneurs.

In 1987, Tricontinental was Australia's largest merchant bank with assets of
$2.6 billion. Mr Johns explained the merchant bank's rapid growth by saying,
simply: "We get our hands dirty."

Tricontinental developed a client base among 50 private companies and
individuals, not the top 100 companies, because in Mr Johns' words: "You won't
make money from them." That reputation did not dissipate, despite having the SBV
as parent.

One corporate adviser recalled an $18 million deal which Tricontinental wanted
to become involved in during 1987. One partner in a large building construction
project received a guarantee on the transaction from Tricontinental. There was
speculation that the other partner, however, would not accept the guarantee of
anything less than a trading bank.

Bankers were sceptical from the start that Trico, the adventurous lender, could
ever have taken on bank status. And yesterday there was little surprise that the
deal with Australian Bank had fallen through.

A senior investment banker who declined to be identified said yesterday: "They
were adventurous... and while there's nothing wrong with that, we couldn't
believe that they could get approval to turn themselves into a bank.

The new deal will see Tricontinental vanish, except for the corporate advisory
service. The merchant bank's business will be bought by and integrated into the
SBV, which may inject additional capital into Tricontinental if necessary.

The director of money markets at Macquarie Bank, Mr Paul Robertson, said the
market "would have liked to see it (the deal) go ahead. It was a very novel and
interesting approach, but as they have taken the other route, we are heartened
by the merger of total operations. It's a real plus for Trico."

The plan, nevertheless, was ill-fated from the start. The investment banking
community was sceptical of the size of Trico's balance sheet, especially as it
had achieved rapid asset growth on the basis of its SBV link

The Reserve Bank was aware of the day-to-day liquidity problems Trico was
facing. It was not unusual for the Australian Bank independent directors, Mr
Leigh Masel (former chairman of the NCSC), Mr Graham Herring (a former partner
at Peat Marwick) and Mr David Brydon (former managing director of ACI), to
request a parent bank to guarantee the loans of a non-bank subsidiary that might
turn sour.

And given the general perception of Trico's funding and capital adequacy, SBV
should not have considered it an unreasonable request. But when all the
directors took a look at Tricontinental's books and sat down to negotiate a
price, the independent directors realised that a merger between Australian Bank
and Tricontinental would not have the ability to satisfy the Reserve Bank.

In 1988, Tricontinental wrote off a total of $18 million in bad debts. This
year, Tricontinental's net profit after tax will be between $4 million and $5
million.

Mr Moyle said: "We have now taken our destiny into our own hands. It means we
will now apply the same rigid lending policy that we do for our own lending.

"My real belief here is that 1988-89 has not been a good year for me personally
or (for) the bank. We've had some hard knocks, but we will come out of it
running just as good as we ever did."

But Mr Moyle is still philosophical about the fiasco, sheeting much of the blame
home to adverse publicity.

"It seems to me that if you say a financial intermediary is insolvent it will
become insolvent."

However, bankers denied yesterday that their decisions to cut credit facilities
to Tricontinental were based entirely on adverse publicity.

"When the State Bank took it on, it increased the market profile... the book
looked a lot less hot while it was regarded as a wholly owned subsidiary of a
bank," one banker involved with Tricontinental said yesterday.

Some conceded they were concerned at how quickly the balance sheet grew.

"That was okay when it had the State Bank guarantee, but around February people
started to get worried," one said.

Press reports of insider trading relating to three former Trico employees caused
some concern.

The SBV's exposure of $104 million to the failed National Safety Council of
Australia, Victoria division, was, although a separate issue, associated in the
mind of the marketplace. And press reports citing a possible conflict of
interest among senior Trico executives did not help.

"All these things worry banks and they started to review and cancel credit
lines," one banker said. "We don't act only on the basis of press reports, but
we can be open to a lot of criticism if we ignore them."

There is no question that without SBV support for the past few months Trico
could not have stood alone.

But without SBV support there is doubt that Trico assets could have grown so
quickly and it may not have been in so serious a position.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: Mr MOYLE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1989 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 8, 2007 Friday

Funds available for rental housing

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 398 words


USDA Rural Development is making funds available to provide affordable rental
housing in small Illinois towns and rural areas.  They expect $99 million to be
available nationally to guarantee loans with local banks for for-profit,
nonprofit and public bodies.

The funding is available under the Section 538 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing
Program to develop multi-family housing in rural towns and unincorporated areas
with fewer than 20,000 people. The purpose of the program is to ensure safe,
well-built, affordable rental housing is available in smaller communities for
moderate income individuals and families, the elderly and people with
disabilities.

"Rural communities are wonderful places to live, but it's often hard for people
to find places to rent in smaller towns and cities," said Doug Wilson, Illinois
director for USDA Rural Development.  "It can be especially difficult for older
residents or people with disabilities who want to stay in their home towns near
family and friends."

When Rural Development guarantees a multi-family loan, the lender's risk is
greatly reduced, making it feasible for them to offer attractive terms to
contractors, builders, organizations and government agencies.  There's no
minimum or cap on the loan size, and interest rates are fixed for 25 to 40
years.

The Section 538 guaranteed program provides an excellent means of financing for
the Section 42 Low-Income Tax Credit.  Rents are restricted based on the median
income for the county, adjusted for family size.

The program is designed to increase the supply of affordable multi-family
housing through partnerships with major lending sources, as well as state and
local finance agencies and bond issuers.  Funds can be uses for new construction
or the purchase and rehabilitation of existing facilities.  More information is
available by calling Barry Ramsey in the Rural Development State Office at
217/403-6222 or the nearest Rural Development area office.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to deliver programs that help increase
economic opportunities and improve the quality of life of rural residents.  The
agency provides low-cost financing and technical assistance to foster growth in
homeownership, business development, and critical community and technology
infrastructure.  More information is available at the Illinois Rural Development
Web site at   www.rurdev.usda.gov/il .

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: North Carolina Utilities Commission; Frontier Natural Gas
Company, LLC, has issued (G-40 Sub 133) Application for Approval of Corporate
Reorganization and Debt Refinancing

LENGTH: 2831 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Raleigh: North Carolina Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(docket):



 and its

 customers.

 4. The proposed intercompany agreements between GNI and Frontier include three

 (3) agreements: (1) Revolving Line of Credit for access to $7.2 million; (2)
Long Term Note in

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 1

 the amount of$8.7 million; and (3) Four Year Term Note for the SAP IT Operating
System in

 the amount of$1.075 million.



 5. As is more fully described in the Application verified by Kevin Degenstein
and

 Jim Sprague, this new corporate structure and the new the intercompany
financing agreements

 through which Frontier will receive its financing require Commission approval
pursuant to

 N.C.G.S. §§ 62-111(a), 62-153, and 62-161 . I am providing this Affidavit
concurrently with,

 and in support of, the Application requesting this approval.

 Corporate Reorganization

 6. Under the current corporate structure, GNI is the ultimate parent of several


 entities including Energy West Incorporated (EWI). GNI also separately owns
other regulated

 utilities that operate distribution systems and an intrastate pipeline in Ohio
and is the parent of

 several unregulated entities as well. EWI is the parent of several regulated
utilities in Montana,

 Maine, and North Carolina, including Frontier Utilities of North Carolina, Inc.
("Frontier

 Utilities"), which is the intermediate holding company for Frontier. A current
corporate

 structure is set forth in Exhibit 1 attached to this Affidavit.

 Having EWI, which is regulated by the Montana Commission, serve as the parent
of

 Frontier Utilities and other regulated utilities, as well as GNI' s ownership
of other unregulated

 businesses in other states, has created in my opinion the potential for
jurisdictional conflict,

 confusion in accountability, and the potential for inconsistent practices among
subsidiaries.

 7. Under the newly proposed corporate structure, GNI would continue to be the

 ultimate parent of Frontier. However, Frontier Utilities will be dissolved and
a new subsidiary

 of GNI (currently designated as a newly formed intermediary company ("NIC") for
the purpose

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 2

 of the Application) would serve as the holding company for Frontier as well as
the other

 regulated affiliates operating in Ohio, Montana and Maine.

 8. The regulated subsidiaries would all become direct, separate subsidiaries of
GNI

 through NIC, not through a variety of different regulated and non-regulated
holding companies.

 GNI will also directly own the other non-regulated companies currently
operating in the Midwest

 and Montana, but these unregulated companies will be separate from the
regulated companies

 The new proposed corporate structure is set forth below in Exhibit 2 attached
to this Affidavit.

 9. It is my opinion and belief that this new proposed structure is beneficial
for a

 number of reasons. It essentially separates Frontier, as a North Carolina
regulated utility, for

 corporate formation, operational, regulatory, and financing purposes and
provides for consistent

 governance over all regulated utilities. It eliminates the concern of potential
multi-jurisdictional

 regulatory conflict and potential confusion by GNI' s current ownership
structure of regulated

 and unregulated subsidiaries. It still provides, however, the benefits of being
part of a larger

 organization with shared resources, expertise, and best practices, economies of
scale, and access

 to capital, as illustrated by the proposed financed discussed below.

 Debt Financing Agreements

 10. As part ofthe last financing case filed in Docket G-40, Sub 105 and
approved by

 Commission Order dated August 8, 2012 ("Refinancing Order"), the Commission
approved a

 credit agreement between Energy West Incorporated ("EWI") and Frontier that
consisted of a

 $30 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a $10 million unsecured
long-term debt

 facility. Frontier was a part of the pool of guarantors of this financing,
along with other EWI

 subsidiaries, and provided a limited recourse guarantee of $12.8 million of the
aggregate amount.

 During the proceedings, the Public Staff expressed concerns that the $12.8
million limited

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 3

 recourse guarantee of Frontier could cause Frontier to guarantee more debt than
EWI had

 borrowed and provided on Frontier's behalf, but ultimately recommended the
approval to avoid

 the risks created by rejection of the proposed refinancing transactions.

 11. That debt package is not in default and is still providing financing to
Frontier, but

 it expires in a little over a year, on April 1, 2017. Since the time of the
Refinancing Order in

 2012, GNI and its subsidiaries, including Frontier, have been exploring
alternative forms of

 financing, as well as a new corporate structure, as described above, to
accommodate and

 facilitate this financing.

 12. Beginning in November 2014, I began identifying potential lenders for

 replacement financing directly to Frontier. I sent letters attached to this
Affidavit as Exhibit 3 to

 Yadkin Bank, BB&T, Carter Banlc & Trust, and First Community Bank requesting
term sheets

 for a Term Loan and revolving Line of Credit for Frontier. I also provided each
ofthese banks

 with information about Frontier in order for them to evaluate and respond to
our request,

 including financial statements, service territory maps, corporate
organizational chart, listing of

 the property, plant, and equipment, schedule of rates for all classes of
customers, schedule of

 largest customers and their annual usage, regulatory reports, pipeline maps
showing the

 transmission, distribution, and service lines, and schedule showing the number
of customers in

 each of the service areas served by Frontier.

 13. To follow-up, I had several individual meetings with representatives from
Yadkin

 Bank and First Community Bank, culminating in meetings by Kevin Degenstein, Jed
Henthorne,

 and me with each banlc on April27, 2015. In addition, I met with
representatives ofBB&T in

 mid-2015. I also had several telephone conversations with bankers at Carter
Bank & Trust to

 assess their interest and answer their questions.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 4

 14. After all of these efforts over several months, the only bank that
submitted a term

 sheet was First Community Bank which is attached hereto as Confidential Exhibit
4. Based

 upon this experience, it is my belief that Frontier's small size was a major
impediment to

 receiving attractive financing options from independent lenders.

 15. I evaluated the proposal from First Community Bank carefully, but concluded
that

 it did not provide the flexibility and terms necessary for Frontier's financing
needs and that

 would allow Frontier to continue to operate successfully and expand as we
intend. It was

 certainly not comparable to the financing being offered through the
intercompany agreements

 with GNI described below.

 16. GNI management, on behalf of its subsidiaries and in consultation with me
and

 my counterparts with the other regulated operating utilities, also solicited
and evaluated debt

 financing options. We evaluated the financing options that were presented and
the

 organizational structure that would allow us to achieve the company's goal and
accommodate the

 necessary financing within the regulatory framework in which we operate. We
have now

 finalized that process and are proposing an organizational structure and
financing arrangement

 that I believe should simplify regulatory oversight, ensure accountability,
improve operational

 efficiencies, and provide sufficient capital to Frontier on the most cost
effective basis.

 17. Under the proposed financing, as explained in the Application, the
currently

 effective amended and restated credit agreement between EWI and Bank of America
("BOA")

 will be replaced by a new senior credit agreement between GNI and BOA ("the BOA
Senior

 Credit Facility"). This GNI financing will take the form of a $42 million
revolving line of credit

 that will be available for a period of five years for GNI to provide funds
pursuant to

 intercompany notes to Frontier and the other regulated operating utilities,
designed to ensure the

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 5

 regulated utilities such as Frontier have adequate access to capital during the
winter season and

 in order to procure gas supply in connection with operations, as well as for
other general

 operational purposes. Guarantees of the BOA Senior Credit Facility will be
required only from

 the unregulated subsidiaries of GNI and from NIC, while GNI will be the sole
Borrower. No

 direct recourse from BOA will extend to regulated subsidiaries downstream ofNIC
such as to

 Frontier. The revolving facility will terminate five years from closing.

 18. GNI also plans to issue up to $50 million ofNew Senior Unsecured Notes
("the

 Senior Unsecured Notes"), the terms of which are fully discussed by James E.
Sprague, GNI

 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, in his Affidavit. Both the proceeds
from the Senior

 Credit Facility and from the Senior Unsecured Notes will be used to refinance
the existing debt

 and provide financing for general operational purposes and system expansion.

 19. The long-term note, which details the obligations ofGNI as the issuer, as
well as

 the non-regulated subsidiary guarantors, does not include Frontier as a direct
issuer or guarantor

 (similar to the revolving line with BOA). Neither Frontier, nor any of GNI's
other regulated

 operating utilities, will have any obligation for activities, borrowings, or
guarantees provided by

 any other GNI company or directly on the long-term note.

 20. The third component of the financing is a four (4) year term debt facility
in the

 amount of $7.0 million that will be used to consolidate several smaller loans
by GNI used for

 acquisition and development of an SAP software based operating system used by
all of the GNI

 companies (the "SAP Financing"). As is the case with the revolving line of
credit and the long

 term note issuance, GNI will be the sole borrower for the SAP Financing, no
guarantees will be

 required of the regulated operating utilities, including Frontier, and Frontier
will only be

 responsible through an intercompany note between GNI and Frontier for a
proportional piece of

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 6

 the SAP Financing. BOA is the proposed lender on the SAP Financing and will
require the SAP

 Software license to be pledged by GNI as collateral for this $7.0 million loan.


 21. Frontier will not have any guarantees directly to BOA. Based upon the
credit

 available through the BOA Senior Credit Facility, Senior Unsecured Notes, and
SAP Financing,

 Frontier will be eligible to draw a total of$15.9 million for its own
operational needs ($7.2

 million under the revolving line of credit, $8.7 million under the long-term
debt) and in addition

 receive $1.07 5 million from the SAP Financing (of which $820,000 will pay
Frontier's portion

 of the cost of the SAP software, licenses, and installation). If approved,
Frontier will enter into

 three intercompany notes with GNI, without any obligations directly to BOA or
Merrill Lynch

 ("ML"). Under the intercompany agreements, Frontier's only obligations will be
to GNI and its

 exposure is limited to what is has borrowed and used and extends no further.

 22. There are several benefits to Frontier under this financing structure as
compared

 to the structure that has been in place since 2012. First, as mentioned,
Frontier has no direct

 responsibility to BOA for either credit facility. Further, because funds for
the individual

 operating companies are treated separately and are reserved for the operating
subsidiaries under

 distinct, standalone "silos", there is no danger that the needs of other
utilities will impinge upon

 Frontier's access to its own capital or create any risk to Frontier. Upon
approval of the

 intercompany loans requested in this application, the new debt will be put in
place, paying off the

 existing debt and Frontier will execute its intercompany notes for access to
stand-alone line of

 credit through GNI. The other operating utilities will execute their own
intercompany notes and

 have access to their own lines, independent of Frontier and any other GNI
obligations. As a

 result of this structure, there is no potential for cross-collateralization or
cross-default. Also,

 Frontier will have full access to the SAP Software and operating system and all
of the associated

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 7

 developments related to the system although it will only be responsible for a
fraction of the

 development costs. Each of the GNI entities will benefit similarly.

 23. The Company has reviewed its operating needs over the last four years,
which

 have included periods of major construction and capital expansion efforts and
periods when the

 cost of gas has been high during winter months. The total amount of the
proposed debt should

 be sufficient to give Frontier adequate headroom in meeting its operational
needs, including

 anticipated construction, cost of gas, etc. in the years ahead, based on its
current capital

 expenditure forecasts.

 24. In the previous financing proceeding, the Public Staff expressed concerns
with

 Frontier's financial obligations to BOA for the credit facility and its
execution of a limited

 recourse guarantee. The proposed financing arrangement addresses those
concerns. Unlike the

 last financing proceeding, the current financing arrangement is between GNI and
BOA, and

 Frontier and other regulated subsidiaries have no obligations to the ultimate
lender or to each

 other. Frontier will only be obligated for funds to which it has access, and no
other subsidiary or

 GNI will have access to those funds. The intercompany loan agreements between
Frontier and

 GNI will establish the limits of its obligations and make it clear that
Frontier's obligations are

 limited by its borrowings. No assets will be pledged or required by Frontier to
secure access to

 this working capital and long term debt. The only asset that is pledged as
collateral for any of

 the three facilities is the SAP Software, pledged by GNI. This structure should
significantly

 reduce or even eliminate the prior concerns that the Public Staff had regarding
Frontier's

 obligations.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 8

 25. Frontier has continued to add to its infrastructure to access new market
areas and

 to expand service in its service territory. As noted in the testimony filed in
Frontier's annual

 review of gas costs dockets, the number of customers served by Frontier has
increased 26% from

 2011 to 2012, 28% from 2012 to 2013, 27.7% from 2013 to 2014 and 11.8% from
2014 to 2015.

 Frontier needs both short-term and long-term debt resources in order to have
sufficient access to

 meet cyclical cash flow needs throughout the year, to pay fixed expenses during
non-heating

 months, to benefit from seasonal opportunities and provide operational
flexibility to lower

 overall costs, and to provide long-term financing for capital investments to
allow it to continue to

 grow as it has over the past few years.

 26. I believe that the proposed intercompany agreements with GNI offer the most
cost

 effective option for financing for Frontier. What I have learned over the past
year is that many

 lenders are not familiar with the utility and gas industry and are hesitant to
lend or offer credit at

 a premium in order to cover their perception of potential risks. In addition,
financing is an area

 where there are economies of scale. At the parent level, due to the size of the
facility, GNI is

 better able to secure more favorable interest rates and other terms, and pass
those benefits on to

 Frontier through the intercompany agreements.

 27. Finally, I want to note that Frontier currently has a shared services
agreement with

 EWI, which has been previously filed with the Commission. This agreement
allowed EWI to

 charge Frontier for shared services. Since EWI will no longer be the parent of
Frontier, the

 Company will need to enter into a new shared services agreement with NIC (and
NIC will in turn

 enter into a similar agreement with GNI). The new shared services agreements
shall contain the

 same terms as those in the existing agreement; the only difference is that
current intermediate

 holding company has been substituted for GNI as the party to the agreement with
Frontier.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 9

 Under these arrangements, centralized administrative and professional services
such as

 accounting, legal, engineering, technology systems, data management or other
shared services

 for GNI subsidiaries are provided. Expenses that arise from the individual
needs of any specific

 subsidiary are directly assigned to that entity. This will continue to ensure
that Frontier's

 ratepayers are only responsible for those expenditures necessary for the
efficient and reliable

 operation of Frontier. This new shared service agreement will be filed with the
Commission

 upon approval of the corporate reorganization,

 Further affiant sayeth not.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: North Carolina Utilities Commission; Frontier Natural Gas
Company, LLC, has issued (G-40 Sub 133) Application for Approval of Corporate
Reorganization and Debt Refinancing

LENGTH: 2831 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Raleigh: North Carolina Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(docket):



 and its

 customers.

 4. The proposed intercompany agreements between GNI and Frontier include three

 (3) agreements: (1) Revolving Line of Credit for access to $7.2 million; (2)
Long Term Note in

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 1

 the amount of$8.7 million; and (3) Four Year Term Note for the SAP IT Operating
System in

 the amount of$1.075 million.



 5. As is more fully described in the Application verified by Kevin Degenstein
and

 Jim Sprague, this new corporate structure and the new the intercompany
financing agreements

 through which Frontier will receive its financing require Commission approval
pursuant to

 N.C.G.S. §§ 62-111(a), 62-153, and 62-161 . I am providing this Affidavit
concurrently with,

 and in support of, the Application requesting this approval.

 Corporate Reorganization

 6. Under the current corporate structure, GNI is the ultimate parent of several


 entities including Energy West Incorporated (EWI). GNI also separately owns
other regulated

 utilities that operate distribution systems and an intrastate pipeline in Ohio
and is the parent of

 several unregulated entities as well. EWI is the parent of several regulated
utilities in Montana,

 Maine, and North Carolina, including Frontier Utilities of North Carolina, Inc.
("Frontier

 Utilities"), which is the intermediate holding company for Frontier. A current
corporate

 structure is set forth in Exhibit 1 attached to this Affidavit.

 Having EWI, which is regulated by the Montana Commission, serve as the parent
of

 Frontier Utilities and other regulated utilities, as well as GNI' s ownership
of other unregulated

 businesses in other states, has created in my opinion the potential for
jurisdictional conflict,

 confusion in accountability, and the potential for inconsistent practices among
subsidiaries.

 7. Under the newly proposed corporate structure, GNI would continue to be the

 ultimate parent of Frontier. However, Frontier Utilities will be dissolved and
a new subsidiary

 of GNI (currently designated as a newly formed intermediary company ("NIC") for
the purpose

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 2

 of the Application) would serve as the holding company for Frontier as well as
the other

 regulated affiliates operating in Ohio, Montana and Maine.

 8. The regulated subsidiaries would all become direct, separate subsidiaries of
GNI

 through NIC, not through a variety of different regulated and non-regulated
holding companies.

 GNI will also directly own the other non-regulated companies currently
operating in the Midwest

 and Montana, but these unregulated companies will be separate from the
regulated companies

 The new proposed corporate structure is set forth below in Exhibit 2 attached
to this Affidavit.

 9. It is my opinion and belief that this new proposed structure is beneficial
for a

 number of reasons. It essentially separates Frontier, as a North Carolina
regulated utility, for

 corporate formation, operational, regulatory, and financing purposes and
provides for consistent

 governance over all regulated utilities. It eliminates the concern of potential
multi-jurisdictional

 regulatory conflict and potential confusion by GNI' s current ownership
structure of regulated

 and unregulated subsidiaries. It still provides, however, the benefits of being
part of a larger

 organization with shared resources, expertise, and best practices, economies of
scale, and access

 to capital, as illustrated by the proposed financed discussed below.

 Debt Financing Agreements

 10. As part ofthe last financing case filed in Docket G-40, Sub 105 and
approved by

 Commission Order dated August 8, 2012 ("Refinancing Order"), the Commission
approved a

 credit agreement between Energy West Incorporated ("EWI") and Frontier that
consisted of a

 $30 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a $10 million unsecured
long-term debt

 facility. Frontier was a part of the pool of guarantors of this financing,
along with other EWI

 subsidiaries, and provided a limited recourse guarantee of $12.8 million of the
aggregate amount.

 During the proceedings, the Public Staff expressed concerns that the $12.8
million limited

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 3

 recourse guarantee of Frontier could cause Frontier to guarantee more debt than
EWI had

 borrowed and provided on Frontier's behalf, but ultimately recommended the
approval to avoid

 the risks created by rejection of the proposed refinancing transactions.

 11. That debt package is not in default and is still providing financing to
Frontier, but

 it expires in a little over a year, on April 1, 2017. Since the time of the
Refinancing Order in

 2012, GNI and its subsidiaries, including Frontier, have been exploring
alternative forms of

 financing, as well as a new corporate structure, as described above, to
accommodate and

 facilitate this financing.

 12. Beginning in November 2014, I began identifying potential lenders for

 replacement financing directly to Frontier. I sent letters attached to this
Affidavit as Exhibit 3 to

 Yadkin Bank, BB&T, Carter Banlc & Trust, and First Community Bank requesting
term sheets

 for a Term Loan and revolving Line of Credit for Frontier. I also provided each
ofthese banks

 with information about Frontier in order for them to evaluate and respond to
our request,

 including financial statements, service territory maps, corporate
organizational chart, listing of

 the property, plant, and equipment, schedule of rates for all classes of
customers, schedule of

 largest customers and their annual usage, regulatory reports, pipeline maps
showing the

 transmission, distribution, and service lines, and schedule showing the number
of customers in

 each of the service areas served by Frontier.

 13. To follow-up, I had several individual meetings with representatives from
Yadkin

 Bank and First Community Bank, culminating in meetings by Kevin Degenstein, Jed
Henthorne,

 and me with each banlc on April27, 2015. In addition, I met with
representatives ofBB&T in

 mid-2015. I also had several telephone conversations with bankers at Carter
Bank & Trust to

 assess their interest and answer their questions.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 4

 14. After all of these efforts over several months, the only bank that
submitted a term

 sheet was First Community Bank which is attached hereto as Confidential Exhibit
4. Based

 upon this experience, it is my belief that Frontier's small size was a major
impediment to

 receiving attractive financing options from independent lenders.

 15. I evaluated the proposal from First Community Bank carefully, but concluded
that

 it did not provide the flexibility and terms necessary for Frontier's financing
needs and that

 would allow Frontier to continue to operate successfully and expand as we
intend. It was

 certainly not comparable to the financing being offered through the
intercompany agreements

 with GNI described below.

 16. GNI management, on behalf of its subsidiaries and in consultation with me
and

 my counterparts with the other regulated operating utilities, also solicited
and evaluated debt

 financing options. We evaluated the financing options that were presented and
the

 organizational structure that would allow us to achieve the company's goal and
accommodate the

 necessary financing within the regulatory framework in which we operate. We
have now

 finalized that process and are proposing an organizational structure and
financing arrangement

 that I believe should simplify regulatory oversight, ensure accountability,
improve operational

 efficiencies, and provide sufficient capital to Frontier on the most cost
effective basis.

 17. Under the proposed financing, as explained in the Application, the
currently

 effective amended and restated credit agreement between EWI and Bank of America
("BOA")

 will be replaced by a new senior credit agreement between GNI and BOA ("the BOA
Senior

 Credit Facility"). This GNI financing will take the form of a $42 million
revolving line of credit

 that will be available for a period of five years for GNI to provide funds
pursuant to

 intercompany notes to Frontier and the other regulated operating utilities,
designed to ensure the

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 5

 regulated utilities such as Frontier have adequate access to capital during the
winter season and

 in order to procure gas supply in connection with operations, as well as for
other general

 operational purposes. Guarantees of the BOA Senior Credit Facility will be
required only from

 the unregulated subsidiaries of GNI and from NIC, while GNI will be the sole
Borrower. No

 direct recourse from BOA will extend to regulated subsidiaries downstream ofNIC
such as to

 Frontier. The revolving facility will terminate five years from closing.

 18. GNI also plans to issue up to $50 million ofNew Senior Unsecured Notes
("the

 Senior Unsecured Notes"), the terms of which are fully discussed by James E.
Sprague, GNI

 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, in his Affidavit. Both the proceeds
from the Senior

 Credit Facility and from the Senior Unsecured Notes will be used to refinance
the existing debt

 and provide financing for general operational purposes and system expansion.

 19. The long-term note, which details the obligations ofGNI as the issuer, as
well as

 the non-regulated subsidiary guarantors, does not include Frontier as a direct
issuer or guarantor

 (similar to the revolving line with BOA). Neither Frontier, nor any of GNI's
other regulated

 operating utilities, will have any obligation for activities, borrowings, or
guarantees provided by

 any other GNI company or directly on the long-term note.

 20. The third component of the financing is a four (4) year term debt facility
in the

 amount of $7.0 million that will be used to consolidate several smaller loans
by GNI used for

 acquisition and development of an SAP software based operating system used by
all of the GNI

 companies (the "SAP Financing"). As is the case with the revolving line of
credit and the long

 term note issuance, GNI will be the sole borrower for the SAP Financing, no
guarantees will be

 required of the regulated operating utilities, including Frontier, and Frontier
will only be

 responsible through an intercompany note between GNI and Frontier for a
proportional piece of

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 6

 the SAP Financing. BOA is the proposed lender on the SAP Financing and will
require the SAP

 Software license to be pledged by GNI as collateral for this $7.0 million loan.


 21. Frontier will not have any guarantees directly to BOA. Based upon the
credit

 available through the BOA Senior Credit Facility, Senior Unsecured Notes, and
SAP Financing,

 Frontier will be eligible to draw a total of$15.9 million for its own
operational needs ($7.2

 million under the revolving line of credit, $8.7 million under the long-term
debt) and in addition

 receive $1.07 5 million from the SAP Financing (of which $820,000 will pay
Frontier's portion

 of the cost of the SAP software, licenses, and installation). If approved,
Frontier will enter into

 three intercompany notes with GNI, without any obligations directly to BOA or
Merrill Lynch

 ("ML"). Under the intercompany agreements, Frontier's only obligations will be
to GNI and its

 exposure is limited to what is has borrowed and used and extends no further.

 22. There are several benefits to Frontier under this financing structure as
compared

 to the structure that has been in place since 2012. First, as mentioned,
Frontier has no direct

 responsibility to BOA for either credit facility. Further, because funds for
the individual

 operating companies are treated separately and are reserved for the operating
subsidiaries under

 distinct, standalone "silos", there is no danger that the needs of other
utilities will impinge upon

 Frontier's access to its own capital or create any risk to Frontier. Upon
approval of the

 intercompany loans requested in this application, the new debt will be put in
place, paying off the

 existing debt and Frontier will execute its intercompany notes for access to
stand-alone line of

 credit through GNI. The other operating utilities will execute their own
intercompany notes and

 have access to their own lines, independent of Frontier and any other GNI
obligations. As a

 result of this structure, there is no potential for cross-collateralization or
cross-default. Also,

 Frontier will have full access to the SAP Software and operating system and all
of the associated

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 7

 developments related to the system although it will only be responsible for a
fraction of the

 development costs. Each of the GNI entities will benefit similarly.

 23. The Company has reviewed its operating needs over the last four years,
which

 have included periods of major construction and capital expansion efforts and
periods when the

 cost of gas has been high during winter months. The total amount of the
proposed debt should

 be sufficient to give Frontier adequate headroom in meeting its operational
needs, including

 anticipated construction, cost of gas, etc. in the years ahead, based on its
current capital

 expenditure forecasts.

 24. In the previous financing proceeding, the Public Staff expressed concerns
with

 Frontier's financial obligations to BOA for the credit facility and its
execution of a limited

 recourse guarantee. The proposed financing arrangement addresses those
concerns. Unlike the

 last financing proceeding, the current financing arrangement is between GNI and
BOA, and

 Frontier and other regulated subsidiaries have no obligations to the ultimate
lender or to each

 other. Frontier will only be obligated for funds to which it has access, and no
other subsidiary or

 GNI will have access to those funds. The intercompany loan agreements between
Frontier and

 GNI will establish the limits of its obligations and make it clear that
Frontier's obligations are

 limited by its borrowings. No assets will be pledged or required by Frontier to
secure access to

 this working capital and long term debt. The only asset that is pledged as
collateral for any of

 the three facilities is the SAP Software, pledged by GNI. This structure should
significantly

 reduce or even eliminate the prior concerns that the Public Staff had regarding
Frontier's

 obligations.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 8

 25. Frontier has continued to add to its infrastructure to access new market
areas and

 to expand service in its service territory. As noted in the testimony filed in
Frontier's annual

 review of gas costs dockets, the number of customers served by Frontier has
increased 26% from

 2011 to 2012, 28% from 2012 to 2013, 27.7% from 2013 to 2014 and 11.8% from
2014 to 2015.

 Frontier needs both short-term and long-term debt resources in order to have
sufficient access to

 meet cyclical cash flow needs throughout the year, to pay fixed expenses during
non-heating

 months, to benefit from seasonal opportunities and provide operational
flexibility to lower

 overall costs, and to provide long-term financing for capital investments to
allow it to continue to

 grow as it has over the past few years.

 26. I believe that the proposed intercompany agreements with GNI offer the most
cost

 effective option for financing for Frontier. What I have learned over the past
year is that many

 lenders are not familiar with the utility and gas industry and are hesitant to
lend or offer credit at

 a premium in order to cover their perception of potential risks. In addition,
financing is an area

 where there are economies of scale. At the parent level, due to the size of the
facility, GNI is

 better able to secure more favorable interest rates and other terms, and pass
those benefits on to

 Frontier through the intercompany agreements.

 27. Finally, I want to note that Frontier currently has a shared services
agreement with

 EWI, which has been previously filed with the Commission. This agreement
allowed EWI to

 charge Frontier for shared services. Since EWI will no longer be the parent of
Frontier, the

 Company will need to enter into a new shared services agreement with NIC (and
NIC will in turn

 enter into a similar agreement with GNI). The new shared services agreements
shall contain the

 same terms as those in the existing agreement; the only difference is that
current intermediate

 holding company has been substituted for GNI as the party to the agreement with
Frontier.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 9

 Under these arrangements, centralized administrative and professional services
such as

 accounting, legal, engineering, technology systems, data management or other
shared services

 for GNI subsidiaries are provided. Expenses that arise from the individual
needs of any specific

 subsidiary are directly assigned to that entity. This will continue to ensure
that Frontier's

 ratepayers are only responsible for those expenditures necessary for the
efficient and reliable

 operation of Frontier. This new shared service agreement will be filed with the
Commission

 upon approval of the corporate reorganization,

 Further affiant sayeth not.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: North Carolina Utilities Commission; Frontier Natural Gas
Company, LLC, has issued (G-40 Sub 133) Application for Approval of Corporate
Reorganization and Debt Refinancing

LENGTH: 2831 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Raleigh: North Carolina Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(docket):



 and its

 customers.

 4. The proposed intercompany agreements between GNI and Frontier include three

 (3) agreements: (1) Revolving Line of Credit for access to $7.2 million; (2)
Long Term Note in

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 1

 the amount of$8.7 million; and (3) Four Year Term Note for the SAP IT Operating
System in

 the amount of$1.075 million.



 5. As is more fully described in the Application verified by Kevin Degenstein
and

 Jim Sprague, this new corporate structure and the new the intercompany
financing agreements

 through which Frontier will receive its financing require Commission approval
pursuant to

 N.C.G.S. §§ 62-111(a), 62-153, and 62-161 . I am providing this Affidavit
concurrently with,

 and in support of, the Application requesting this approval.

 Corporate Reorganization

 6. Under the current corporate structure, GNI is the ultimate parent of several


 entities including Energy West Incorporated (EWI). GNI also separately owns
other regulated

 utilities that operate distribution systems and an intrastate pipeline in Ohio
and is the parent of

 several unregulated entities as well. EWI is the parent of several regulated
utilities in Montana,

 Maine, and North Carolina, including Frontier Utilities of North Carolina, Inc.
("Frontier

 Utilities"), which is the intermediate holding company for Frontier. A current
corporate

 structure is set forth in Exhibit 1 attached to this Affidavit.

 Having EWI, which is regulated by the Montana Commission, serve as the parent
of

 Frontier Utilities and other regulated utilities, as well as GNI' s ownership
of other unregulated

 businesses in other states, has created in my opinion the potential for
jurisdictional conflict,

 confusion in accountability, and the potential for inconsistent practices among
subsidiaries.

 7. Under the newly proposed corporate structure, GNI would continue to be the

 ultimate parent of Frontier. However, Frontier Utilities will be dissolved and
a new subsidiary

 of GNI (currently designated as a newly formed intermediary company ("NIC") for
the purpose

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 2

 of the Application) would serve as the holding company for Frontier as well as
the other

 regulated affiliates operating in Ohio, Montana and Maine.

 8. The regulated subsidiaries would all become direct, separate subsidiaries of
GNI

 through NIC, not through a variety of different regulated and non-regulated
holding companies.

 GNI will also directly own the other non-regulated companies currently
operating in the Midwest

 and Montana, but these unregulated companies will be separate from the
regulated companies

 The new proposed corporate structure is set forth below in Exhibit 2 attached
to this Affidavit.

 9. It is my opinion and belief that this new proposed structure is beneficial
for a

 number of reasons. It essentially separates Frontier, as a North Carolina
regulated utility, for

 corporate formation, operational, regulatory, and financing purposes and
provides for consistent

 governance over all regulated utilities. It eliminates the concern of potential
multi-jurisdictional

 regulatory conflict and potential confusion by GNI' s current ownership
structure of regulated

 and unregulated subsidiaries. It still provides, however, the benefits of being
part of a larger

 organization with shared resources, expertise, and best practices, economies of
scale, and access

 to capital, as illustrated by the proposed financed discussed below.

 Debt Financing Agreements

 10. As part ofthe last financing case filed in Docket G-40, Sub 105 and
approved by

 Commission Order dated August 8, 2012 ("Refinancing Order"), the Commission
approved a

 credit agreement between Energy West Incorporated ("EWI") and Frontier that
consisted of a

 $30 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a $10 million unsecured
long-term debt

 facility. Frontier was a part of the pool of guarantors of this financing,
along with other EWI

 subsidiaries, and provided a limited recourse guarantee of $12.8 million of the
aggregate amount.

 During the proceedings, the Public Staff expressed concerns that the $12.8
million limited

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 3

 recourse guarantee of Frontier could cause Frontier to guarantee more debt than
EWI had

 borrowed and provided on Frontier's behalf, but ultimately recommended the
approval to avoid

 the risks created by rejection of the proposed refinancing transactions.

 11. That debt package is not in default and is still providing financing to
Frontier, but

 it expires in a little over a year, on April 1, 2017. Since the time of the
Refinancing Order in

 2012, GNI and its subsidiaries, including Frontier, have been exploring
alternative forms of

 financing, as well as a new corporate structure, as described above, to
accommodate and

 facilitate this financing.

 12. Beginning in November 2014, I began identifying potential lenders for

 replacement financing directly to Frontier. I sent letters attached to this
Affidavit as Exhibit 3 to

 Yadkin Bank, BB&T, Carter Banlc & Trust, and First Community Bank requesting
term sheets

 for a Term Loan and revolving Line of Credit for Frontier. I also provided each
ofthese banks

 with information about Frontier in order for them to evaluate and respond to
our request,

 including financial statements, service territory maps, corporate
organizational chart, listing of

 the property, plant, and equipment, schedule of rates for all classes of
customers, schedule of

 largest customers and their annual usage, regulatory reports, pipeline maps
showing the

 transmission, distribution, and service lines, and schedule showing the number
of customers in

 each of the service areas served by Frontier.

 13. To follow-up, I had several individual meetings with representatives from
Yadkin

 Bank and First Community Bank, culminating in meetings by Kevin Degenstein, Jed
Henthorne,

 and me with each banlc on April27, 2015. In addition, I met with
representatives ofBB&T in

 mid-2015. I also had several telephone conversations with bankers at Carter
Bank & Trust to

 assess their interest and answer their questions.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 4

 14. After all of these efforts over several months, the only bank that
submitted a term

 sheet was First Community Bank which is attached hereto as Confidential Exhibit
4. Based

 upon this experience, it is my belief that Frontier's small size was a major
impediment to

 receiving attractive financing options from independent lenders.

 15. I evaluated the proposal from First Community Bank carefully, but concluded
that

 it did not provide the flexibility and terms necessary for Frontier's financing
needs and that

 would allow Frontier to continue to operate successfully and expand as we
intend. It was

 certainly not comparable to the financing being offered through the
intercompany agreements

 with GNI described below.

 16. GNI management, on behalf of its subsidiaries and in consultation with me
and

 my counterparts with the other regulated operating utilities, also solicited
and evaluated debt

 financing options. We evaluated the financing options that were presented and
the

 organizational structure that would allow us to achieve the company's goal and
accommodate the

 necessary financing within the regulatory framework in which we operate. We
have now

 finalized that process and are proposing an organizational structure and
financing arrangement

 that I believe should simplify regulatory oversight, ensure accountability,
improve operational

 efficiencies, and provide sufficient capital to Frontier on the most cost
effective basis.

 17. Under the proposed financing, as explained in the Application, the
currently

 effective amended and restated credit agreement between EWI and Bank of America
("BOA")

 will be replaced by a new senior credit agreement between GNI and BOA ("the BOA
Senior

 Credit Facility"). This GNI financing will take the form of a $42 million
revolving line of credit

 that will be available for a period of five years for GNI to provide funds
pursuant to

 intercompany notes to Frontier and the other regulated operating utilities,
designed to ensure the

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 5

 regulated utilities such as Frontier have adequate access to capital during the
winter season and

 in order to procure gas supply in connection with operations, as well as for
other general

 operational purposes. Guarantees of the BOA Senior Credit Facility will be
required only from

 the unregulated subsidiaries of GNI and from NIC, while GNI will be the sole
Borrower. No

 direct recourse from BOA will extend to regulated subsidiaries downstream ofNIC
such as to

 Frontier. The revolving facility will terminate five years from closing.

 18. GNI also plans to issue up to $50 million ofNew Senior Unsecured Notes
("the

 Senior Unsecured Notes"), the terms of which are fully discussed by James E.
Sprague, GNI

 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, in his Affidavit. Both the proceeds
from the Senior

 Credit Facility and from the Senior Unsecured Notes will be used to refinance
the existing debt

 and provide financing for general operational purposes and system expansion.

 19. The long-term note, which details the obligations ofGNI as the issuer, as
well as

 the non-regulated subsidiary guarantors, does not include Frontier as a direct
issuer or guarantor

 (similar to the revolving line with BOA). Neither Frontier, nor any of GNI's
other regulated

 operating utilities, will have any obligation for activities, borrowings, or
guarantees provided by

 any other GNI company or directly on the long-term note.

 20. The third component of the financing is a four (4) year term debt facility
in the

 amount of $7.0 million that will be used to consolidate several smaller loans
by GNI used for

 acquisition and development of an SAP software based operating system used by
all of the GNI

 companies (the "SAP Financing"). As is the case with the revolving line of
credit and the long

 term note issuance, GNI will be the sole borrower for the SAP Financing, no
guarantees will be

 required of the regulated operating utilities, including Frontier, and Frontier
will only be

 responsible through an intercompany note between GNI and Frontier for a
proportional piece of

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 6

 the SAP Financing. BOA is the proposed lender on the SAP Financing and will
require the SAP

 Software license to be pledged by GNI as collateral for this $7.0 million loan.


 21. Frontier will not have any guarantees directly to BOA. Based upon the
credit

 available through the BOA Senior Credit Facility, Senior Unsecured Notes, and
SAP Financing,

 Frontier will be eligible to draw a total of$15.9 million for its own
operational needs ($7.2

 million under the revolving line of credit, $8.7 million under the long-term
debt) and in addition

 receive $1.07 5 million from the SAP Financing (of which $820,000 will pay
Frontier's portion

 of the cost of the SAP software, licenses, and installation). If approved,
Frontier will enter into

 three intercompany notes with GNI, without any obligations directly to BOA or
Merrill Lynch

 ("ML"). Under the intercompany agreements, Frontier's only obligations will be
to GNI and its

 exposure is limited to what is has borrowed and used and extends no further.

 22. There are several benefits to Frontier under this financing structure as
compared

 to the structure that has been in place since 2012. First, as mentioned,
Frontier has no direct

 responsibility to BOA for either credit facility. Further, because funds for
the individual

 operating companies are treated separately and are reserved for the operating
subsidiaries under

 distinct, standalone "silos", there is no danger that the needs of other
utilities will impinge upon

 Frontier's access to its own capital or create any risk to Frontier. Upon
approval of the

 intercompany loans requested in this application, the new debt will be put in
place, paying off the

 existing debt and Frontier will execute its intercompany notes for access to
stand-alone line of

 credit through GNI. The other operating utilities will execute their own
intercompany notes and

 have access to their own lines, independent of Frontier and any other GNI
obligations. As a

 result of this structure, there is no potential for cross-collateralization or
cross-default. Also,

 Frontier will have full access to the SAP Software and operating system and all
of the associated

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 7

 developments related to the system although it will only be responsible for a
fraction of the

 development costs. Each of the GNI entities will benefit similarly.

 23. The Company has reviewed its operating needs over the last four years,
which

 have included periods of major construction and capital expansion efforts and
periods when the

 cost of gas has been high during winter months. The total amount of the
proposed debt should

 be sufficient to give Frontier adequate headroom in meeting its operational
needs, including

 anticipated construction, cost of gas, etc. in the years ahead, based on its
current capital

 expenditure forecasts.

 24. In the previous financing proceeding, the Public Staff expressed concerns
with

 Frontier's financial obligations to BOA for the credit facility and its
execution of a limited

 recourse guarantee. The proposed financing arrangement addresses those
concerns. Unlike the

 last financing proceeding, the current financing arrangement is between GNI and
BOA, and

 Frontier and other regulated subsidiaries have no obligations to the ultimate
lender or to each

 other. Frontier will only be obligated for funds to which it has access, and no
other subsidiary or

 GNI will have access to those funds. The intercompany loan agreements between
Frontier and

 GNI will establish the limits of its obligations and make it clear that
Frontier's obligations are

 limited by its borrowings. No assets will be pledged or required by Frontier to
secure access to

 this working capital and long term debt. The only asset that is pledged as
collateral for any of

 the three facilities is the SAP Software, pledged by GNI. This structure should
significantly

 reduce or even eliminate the prior concerns that the Public Staff had regarding
Frontier's

 obligations.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 8

 25. Frontier has continued to add to its infrastructure to access new market
areas and

 to expand service in its service territory. As noted in the testimony filed in
Frontier's annual

 review of gas costs dockets, the number of customers served by Frontier has
increased 26% from

 2011 to 2012, 28% from 2012 to 2013, 27.7% from 2013 to 2014 and 11.8% from
2014 to 2015.

 Frontier needs both short-term and long-term debt resources in order to have
sufficient access to

 meet cyclical cash flow needs throughout the year, to pay fixed expenses during
non-heating

 months, to benefit from seasonal opportunities and provide operational
flexibility to lower

 overall costs, and to provide long-term financing for capital investments to
allow it to continue to

 grow as it has over the past few years.

 26. I believe that the proposed intercompany agreements with GNI offer the most
cost

 effective option for financing for Frontier. What I have learned over the past
year is that many

 lenders are not familiar with the utility and gas industry and are hesitant to
lend or offer credit at

 a premium in order to cover their perception of potential risks. In addition,
financing is an area

 where there are economies of scale. At the parent level, due to the size of the
facility, GNI is

 better able to secure more favorable interest rates and other terms, and pass
those benefits on to

 Frontier through the intercompany agreements.

 27. Finally, I want to note that Frontier currently has a shared services
agreement with

 EWI, which has been previously filed with the Commission. This agreement
allowed EWI to

 charge Frontier for shared services. Since EWI will no longer be the parent of
Frontier, the

 Company will need to enter into a new shared services agreement with NIC (and
NIC will in turn

 enter into a similar agreement with GNI). The new shared services agreements
shall contain the

 same terms as those in the existing agreement; the only difference is that
current intermediate

 holding company has been substituted for GNI as the party to the agreement with
Frontier.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 9

 Under these arrangements, centralized administrative and professional services
such as

 accounting, legal, engineering, technology systems, data management or other
shared services

 for GNI subsidiaries are provided. Expenses that arise from the individual
needs of any specific

 subsidiary are directly assigned to that entity. This will continue to ensure
that Frontier's

 ratepayers are only responsible for those expenditures necessary for the
efficient and reliable

 operation of Frontier. This new shared service agreement will be filed with the
Commission

 upon approval of the corporate reorganization,

 Further affiant sayeth not.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 358 words


The backlog of loan approvals through the U.S. Small Business Administration has
continued to grow since funding lapsed Oct. 1, local program coordinators said
Wednesday.

Private and not-for-profit lenders continue to process applications. But SBA is
not signing off on loans during the partial government shutdown.

A voicemail message at the SBA branch office in Springfield said help is not
available, as a result of the funding lapse.

"We use them all the time," said Kevin Lust, director of the Illinois Small
Business Development Center at Lincoln Land Community College.

Lust said SBA loan guarantees are popular, especially with start-up businesses
that have difficulty obtaining conventional financing. While no applications
were pending at the time of the shutdown, Lust said further delays will only
make it more difficult for would-be entrepreneurs.

The SBA guarantee also reduces risk for the banks, Lust said.

"SBA will guarantee up to 90 percent of the loan," he said. "If you borrow
$100,000 and never make a payment, the bank is only out $10,000."

The president of Growth Corp., a Springfield not-for-profit that is one of the
nation's largest SBA loan partners, said the company processes applications up
to the point SBA approval is required.

"Although it generally takes us a week or less to put together our part," Doug
Kinley said in an email, "the backlog at SBA is growing fairly quickly."

Growth Corp. facilities SBA "504" loans for major equipment and real estate
purchases in Illinois, as well as parts of Missouri, Indiana, Iowa and Kentucky.

The company processed more than $368 million in investments in 2012.

SBA has continued to accept disaster loan applications during the shutdown.

The SBA shutdown has complicated the work of SCORE, the Service Corps of Retired
Executives, said John Bury, chairman of the SCORE chapter in Springfield. Bury
said the volunteer group often refers clients to SBA and relies on the agency
for workshops on starting or expanding small businesses.

"We can't use it for our clients, which is a problem," Bury said.

Tim Landis can be reached at 788-1536. Follow him at twitter.com/timlandisSJR.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                            April 25, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Quebec lends Alcoa M$50 to ride out 'storm'

BYLINE: Ross Marowits

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: MONTREAL


The Quebec government has joined workers, suppliers and the City of Baie Comeau
in helping U.S. aluminum producer Alcoa to withstand the economic slowdown by
agreeing to a $50-million loan to preserve jobs.

The five-year, low-interest loan comes more than a year after the province
provided $228 million in loan guarantees toward Alcoa's US$1.2-billion
modernization project.

The aluminum business has taken a big hit since Alcoa committed to one of the
largest private investments in Quebec in years.

Aluminum prices have plunged as demand, particularly in the automobile and
construction sectors, has plunged during the global economic slowdown.

Quebec Finance and Economic Development Minister Raymond Bachand applauded Alcoa
for preserving its plans for Quebec and said the provincial government loan will
help the company to withstand the economic slowdown.

"It ensures the prosperity of Alcoa's different plants and gives it the means to
overcome the storm with strength and courage,'' he said yesterday.

The government hasn't attached any additional conditions to the loan beyond
minimum employment levels required as part of the March 2008 loan guarantee.

Alcoa spokesperson Pierre Despres said the Pittsburgh-based mining giant may
have been forced to take "extreme measures'' such as the closure of a series of
giant aluminum potlines at the North Shore smelter if the government hadn't
provided it help.

"We want to protect the level of employment," he said in an interview.

"That's in our mind key for the future of the plant to keep our employees
working."

The government assistance comes a couple of weeks after unionized employees at
Baie Comeau and two other facilities agreed to reduce weekly work hours by up to
15 per cent.

The city, 400 kilometres northeast of Quebec City, also agreed to reduce
municipal taxes and suppliers trimmed their costs by up to 15 per cent.

The Baie Comeau smelter uses an inefficient Soderberg technology. With 1,550
employees, Alcoa is the largest employer in the North Shore community.

Preliminary work has begun to upgrade the facility, including the closure of
several aluminum potlines.

But the major projects to boost capacity by 110,000 tonnes to 548,000 tonnes are
slated to begin by the end of 2010 and be completed in five years.

As a result of the modernization commitment, Alcoa renewed its power contracts
for 25 years with Hydro-Quebec for 1,562 megawatts of electricity for the
Baie-Comeau smelter and others in Deschambault and Becancour.

Alcoa Canada president Jean-Pierre Gilardeau said the government loan positions
the 52-year-old smelter to profit once the economy turns around.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                 March 3, 2017

                 Northeast Missouri Electric Power Cooperative

                                3705 Business 61
                               Palmyra 63461-0191
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Reaches Goal To Fund $250m In Smart Grid Improvements

   Sep 07, 2012

   The U.S. Development of Agriculture (USDA) reached its $250m goal to finance
smart grid technologies to help modernize nation's electric system. USDA also
announced nine rural electric cooperatives and utilities in 10 states including
North Carolina will receive loan guarantees to make improvements to generation
and transmission facilities and implement smart grid technologies.With the
announcement of more than $27m in smart grid investments, USDA has met President
Obama's goal and has further enabled rural utilities to make efficiency
improvements to the electric grid that will help consumers lower their electric
bills by reducing energy use in homes and businesses.Tom Vilsack, secretary at
USDA, said, Grid modernization and deployment of 'smart grid' technology will
increase the reliability and efficiency of electric power generation. Providing
reliable, affordable electrical service contributes to stronger rural economies
and is the backbone for a prosperous rural America. These loans will help ensure
that rural areas can retain existing businesses, support new ones and have
reliable, up-to-date infrastructure. The administration has outlined a framework
for a modernized electric system that will benefit all Americans. This framework
lays out a number of public and private initiatives, including a goal of $250m
in loans for smart-grid technology deployment as part of the USDA's Rural
Utility Service, which is focused on upgrading the electric grid in rural
America. This $250m investment in loan funds for smart grid technologies means
infrastructure investment at virtually no cost to the taxpayer. These
technologies will facilitate the integration of renewable sources of electricity
into the grid, help avoid blackouts and restore power quicker when outages
occur, and reduce the need for new power plants. North Carolina's Piedmont
Electric Membership Corporation received a $30m guaranteed loan from USDA to
extend its system by 52 miles and help provide service to about 1,000 new member
consumers. The cooperative will also increase capacity for 100 current consumers
and improve the reliability of about 40 miles of line. The cooperative installed
a new automated meter system (AMI) with funds from a previous loan and will
invest approximately $150,000 of the funds from this new loan on new AMI meters
for the 1,000 new member consumers. USDA also announced that two other
cooperatives in North Carolina will receive loan guarantees. Brunswick Electric
Membership Corporation will receive a $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles
of distribution line and make other system improvements. Edgecombe-Martin County
Electric Membership Corporation will receive a $6.4m loan. The firm will use
about $1m of the loan to install automatic meters (AMIs). The following is a
list of rural utilities that will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon
the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association, Inc. will receive $140.5m loan to build 50 miles of
transmission line and make upgrades to the existing generation and transmission
facilities in Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. The loan amount
includes $21.8m in smart grid projects and $808,780 in environmental
improvements. The Ark Valley Electric Cooperative Association, Inc. will receive
$6.13m loan to build and improve 355 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements in Kansa. The loan amount includes $2.01m in smart grid
projects. Stearns Cooperative Electric Association will receive $23.6m loan to
improve 147 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements in
Minnesota. The loan amount includes $974,085 in smart grid projects. Agralite
Electric Cooperative will receive $5.2m loan to build and improve 61 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in Minnesota. The loan
amount includes $180,968 in smart grid projects. Northeast Missouri Electric
Power Cooperative will receive $30.1m loan to build and improve 24 miles of
transmission line, build three new substations and make other improvements in
Missouri and Iowa. The loan amount includes $500,000 in smart grid projects.
Edgecombe-Martin County Electric Membership Corporation will receive $6.4m loan
to build and improve 310 miles of distribution line and two miles of
transmission line and make other system improvements in North Carolina. The loan
amount includes $1.1m in smart grid projects. Piedmont Electric Membership
Corporation will receive $30m loan to build and improve 108 miles of
distribution line and five miles of transmission line and make other system
improvements in North Carolina. Brunswick Electric Membership Corporation will
receive $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles of distribution line and make
other system improvements in North Carolina. Chippewa Valley Electric
Cooperative will receive $6m loan to build and improve 88 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements in Wisconsin. The loan amount includes
$255,833 in smart grid projects. The $269m in loan guarantees announced are
provided by USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service (RUS). The funding
helps electric utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's
electric infrastructure. USDA Rural Development also funds energy conservation
and renewable energy projects. USDA, through its rural development mission area,
administers and manages housing, business and community infrastructure programs
through a national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an
active portfolio of more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These
programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities,
businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in
rural America.


Northeast Missouri EPC Deploys Exalt Microwave Backhaul Systems

   Aug 25, 2010

   Exalt Communications, Inc. (Exalt) has announced that Northeast Missouri
Electric Power Cooperative (Northeast Missouri EPC) has deployed Exalt advanced
microwave backhaul systems. The Exalt systems now carry SCADA traffic for power
generation and transmission facilities as well as IP voice, video surveillance
traffic, and data for customer information systems operated by Northeast
Missouri EPC's eight member cooperatives.The systems to support both TDM
(time-division multiplexing) and Ethernet traffic in Northeast Missouri EPC's
evolving network.A long-time user of microwave technology, Northeast Missouri
EPC serves 21 counties in northeastern Missouri and southeastern Iowa. The
company selected Exalt systems because they deliver the native TDM and Ethernet
capabilities that allow Northeast Missouri EPC the flexibility, high
performance, and reliability to build on existing TDM infrastructure investments
while they transition to IP and prepare to support new initiatives such as smart
grid, Exalt said. Jack Elmore, communications manager at Northeast Missouri EPC,
said: We have been migrating away from T1 lines since 2007, and we needed
microwave backhaul systems that can support both TDM and Ethernet. The Exalt
systems support both types of traffic natively, and they have made it very easy
for us to move away from T1 lines. We now carry T1 traffic on only two of our
microwave links, and we expect to turn that off soon. Like other power
generation and transmission companies around the US, Northeast Missouri EPC said
that it is constantly seeking higher efficiency as it serves local utilities.
With its member cooperatives now deploying smart meters and other technologies
that require high-performance Ethernet networking, Northeast Missouri EPC has
had to evolve its network from T1-based to Ethernet. The Exalt systems have made
this an easy transition. Amir Zoufonoun, CEO of Exalt, said: With native TDM,
native Ethernet, and mission-critical reliability built into every Exalt
microwave backhaul system, we enable companies like Northeast Missouri EPC to
leverage their investments in TDM infrastructure while they migrate to IP. This
pay-as-you-grow functionality is invaluable to any utility that wants to
minimize the costs, business disruptions, and support challenges that are
typical when migrating to new technology.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Key Operational Employees
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Seal Tanami Road says Smith

BYLINE: JACINTA BOLSENBROEK

SECTION: FARM BUSINESS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 657 words


WA Liberal senator Dean Smith has called on the WA government to prioritise the
upgrading and sealing of Tanami Road in the East Kimberley.

Mr Smith, WA Transport Minister Dean Nalder and his Northern Territory
counterpart Peter Chandler, a group of State and Territory transport industry
representatives and Halls Creek shire officials in October drove down the Tanami
Road to see for themselves what a difference sealing it would make.

Following this trip, the Federal Government sought a list of preferred projects
from WA, Queensland and the NT for funding under the $600 million Northern
Australia Roads Package.

The roads package was announced in the Northern Australian White Paper, which
identified the Tanami Road and the Outback Highway as "key roads".

The WA government has yet to provide its list of preferred roads projects to the
Federal Government, but it is understood that the matter is expected to be
considered by State cabinet soon.

Mr Smith called on the WA government to make the upgrading, including the
sealing, of the Tanami Road a high order priority for funding under the federal
program.

"The Tanami Road is considered by many in WA's far north as a priority because
it will provide important access for WA's far-northern pastoral and agricultural
industries to Australia's domestic markets in the south east,'' he said.

"Improvements to the Tanami Road will provide greater access and security for
those indigenous communities and resource tenements located along its stretch.

"The key to success is to guarantee that the WA government identifies the road
as a key project so that it will align with the Federal Government's stated
interest in upgrading this vital transport link.

"The vast distances separating WA's northern communities, ports, and population
centres means modern road transport infrastructure is critical to building WA's
northern towns and communities, growing their local economies and improving
export opportunities.

"A clear commitment from the WA government, combined with the potential of
private sector investment, the provision of concessional loan guarantees is a
powerful step in developing a cost effective, commercially viable and
fast-tracked model to improving vital road infrastructure for industry and
communities across northern WA."

Mr Smith hoped progress could be made ahead of next week's consultations in
Darwin between federal, State and territory officials on the Turnbull
government's Northern Australia Infrastructure Facility program.

The program will provide up to $5 billion in concessional loans to help deliver
major economic infrastructure projects in Australia's north, in partnership with
the private sector.

Mr Smith said the project should be given priority status by both the
Commonwealth and WA governments as he hoped the Northern Australia Roads Package
combined with the Northern Australia Infrastructure Facility would provide the
primary source of public and private funding to stimulate infrastructure
development across northern Australia.

Mr Nalder said the Tanami Road is a priorities on his list.

"In October, I joined with Senator Smith to examine the condition of Tanami Road
and I understand and appreciate the appeals for funding from Senator Smith and
others," he said.

"Tanami Rd is one of a number of priorities that we will be submitting to the
Federal Government for consideration.

"It has social and economic attributes that make it a worthwhile project.

"There are, however, many competing projects which make it difficult to commit
further at this stage."

Tanami Road is 1014 kilometres long, stretching from the Great Northern Highway
just south of Halls Creek in WA to the Stuart Highway near Alice Springs.

Some NT sections have been sealed, or are about to be sealed, leaving some 790km
unsealed.

The Tanami Road, which is 311km long to the WA border, services Aboriginal
communities, tourism, pastoral and mining industries and is a strategic road
link.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Seal Tanami Road says Smith

BYLINE: JACINTA BOLSENBROEK

SECTION: FARM BUSINESS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 657 words


WA Liberal senator Dean Smith has called on the WA government to prioritise the
upgrading and sealing of Tanami Road in the East Kimberley.

Mr Smith, WA Transport Minister Dean Nalder and his Northern Territory
counterpart Peter Chandler, a group of State and Territory transport industry
representatives and Halls Creek shire officials in October drove down the Tanami
Road to see for themselves what a difference sealing it would make.

Following this trip, the Federal Government sought a list of preferred projects
from WA, Queensland and the NT for funding under the $600 million Northern
Australia Roads Package.

The roads package was announced in the Northern Australian White Paper, which
identified the Tanami Road and the Outback Highway as "key roads".

The WA government has yet to provide its list of preferred roads projects to the
Federal Government, but it is understood that the matter is expected to be
considered by State cabinet soon.

Mr Smith called on the WA government to make the upgrading, including the
sealing, of the Tanami Road a high order priority for funding under the federal
program.

"The Tanami Road is considered by many in WA's far north as a priority because
it will provide important access for WA's far-northern pastoral and agricultural
industries to Australia's domestic markets in the south east,'' he said.

"Improvements to the Tanami Road will provide greater access and security for
those indigenous communities and resource tenements located along its stretch.

"The key to success is to guarantee that the WA government identifies the road
as a key project so that it will align with the Federal Government's stated
interest in upgrading this vital transport link.

"The vast distances separating WA's northern communities, ports, and population
centres means modern road transport infrastructure is critical to building WA's
northern towns and communities, growing their local economies and improving
export opportunities.

"A clear commitment from the WA government, combined with the potential of
private sector investment, the provision of concessional loan guarantees is a
powerful step in developing a cost effective, commercially viable and
fast-tracked model to improving vital road infrastructure for industry and
communities across northern WA."

Mr Smith hoped progress could be made ahead of next week's consultations in
Darwin between federal, State and territory officials on the Turnbull
government's Northern Australia Infrastructure Facility program.

The program will provide up to $5 billion in concessional loans to help deliver
major economic infrastructure projects in Australia's north, in partnership with
the private sector.

Mr Smith said the project should be given priority status by both the
Commonwealth and WA governments as he hoped the Northern Australia Roads Package
combined with the Northern Australia Infrastructure Facility would provide the
primary source of public and private funding to stimulate infrastructure
development across northern Australia.

Mr Nalder said the Tanami Road is a priorities on his list.

"In October, I joined with Senator Smith to examine the condition of Tanami Road
and I understand and appreciate the appeals for funding from Senator Smith and
others," he said.

"Tanami Rd is one of a number of priorities that we will be submitting to the
Federal Government for consideration.

"It has social and economic attributes that make it a worthwhile project.

"There are, however, many competing projects which make it difficult to commit
further at this stage."

Tanami Road is 1014 kilometres long, stretching from the Great Northern Highway
just south of Halls Creek in WA to the Stuart Highway near Alice Springs.

Some NT sections have been sealed, or are about to be sealed, leaving some 790km
unsealed.

The Tanami Road, which is 311km long to the WA border, services Aboriginal
communities, tourism, pastoral and mining industries and is a strategic road
link.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 7, 2014 Friday

Washington:2015 Budget Request Favors Small Reactors, Revives Nuclear Tax

LENGTH: 1136  words

DATELINE: Washington


Nuclear Energy Institute has issued the following news release:

The president's 2015 budget proposal for the Department of Energy seeks to
re-impose a multi-billion-dollar tax for the cleanup of DOE-owned uranium
enrichment facilities, a move the nuclear energy industry has rejected as
redundant and unfair. But other aspects of the budget, notably increased amounts
to support small reactor development, are more in line with industry goals.

This year marks the fifth time that the Obama administration has requested
reinstatement of the decontamination and decommissioning tax, even though
Congress has consistently turned it back.

"It is highly disconcerting that the Obama administration again is trying to
impose a 10-year tax of $200 million annually on nuclear energy companies to
finance the cleanup of DOE enrichment facilities in Kentucky, Ohio and
Tennessee," said Alex Flint, NEI's senior vice president for governmental
affairs.

"Previous Congresses have rightly rejected this attempt to force the industry to
again pay into the Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund, given that the
industry long ago met its $2.6 billion financial commitment under a 1992 law for
this important environmental protection program," Flint added.

Meanwhile, Flint noted, the federal government has not met its own requirements
to pay into the fund.

In other areas, the budget requests $97 million to support certification and
licensing assistance for two small reactor designs being developed by Babcock &
Wilcox and NuScale under a cost-share public-private partnership with DOE. This
represents an increase from the $70 million request for 2014, though a slight
reduction from the $110 million enacted by Congress.

Flint complimented DOE for its "solid support" for small reactor technology.
"Small, scalable nuclear energy facilities not only can be an innovative
addition to our electricity mix, they also can be a linchpin in U.S. efforts to
regain global leadership in clean energy technologies through international
sales of components and services," he said.

Flint added that small reactors offer an opportunity to deploy nuclear energy to
remote areas and as replacements for existing fossil-fueled plants that have
reached the end of their lifespans.

Overall, the DOE budget request for nuclear energy line items would provide $863
million, 17 percent higher than the $735 million requested for 2014 but 3
percent less than the $889 million enacted by Congress. Congress approved the
transfer of $94 million for the Idaho National Laboratory's Safeguards and
Security Program from defense accounts into the Office of Nuclear Energy in
2014, which is reflected in the 2015 request.

Most line items only saw modest changes, with a marked upward direction in those
programs related to nuclear research and development.  Reactor concepts research
and development would be trimmed by $12 million to $100 million, but DOE added a
new one-year initiative at $27.5 million called Supercritical Transformational
Electric Power Generation. The budget increases funding for nuclear energy
enabling technologies by $7 million, to $78 million.

However, the budget also requests harsh cuts for programs to train the next
generation of nuclear industry workers and advance nuclear energy education. It
would zero out university programs that support scholarships, fellowships and
junior faculty at four-year institutions and community colleges, as it has in
previous years. Congress has restored the funds each time.
USED FUEL

The administration allocated $27 million, a considerable increase, from the
Nuclear Waste Fund to complete the Yucca Mountain used fuel repository license
application review and support the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board.
Overall, the budget includes $79 million for research, development and
integrated waste management system activities for used fuel transportation,
storage, disposal and consent-based siting of interim storage facilities.

The budget request includes a legislative proposal that would establish a $5.7
billion, 10-year management plan for used fuel and radioactive waste. The plan
would authorize annual appropriations of $200 million a year and beginning in
2018 start additional appropriations from the nuclear waste fund fee and
balances remaining in the nuclear waste fund to cover program costs.  The
proposal would also fund and authorize the Environmental Protection Agency to
begin a revision of generic disposal standards for siting of used fuel and
high-level waste facilities.

However, the budget proposes stopping DOE's MOX program, which would halt
construction of the mixed oxide fuel fabrication facility at the Savannah River
site in South Carolina--which is presently about 60 percent complete.

Calling the MOX program "a cornerstone of U.S. nonproliferation activities,"
Flint said stopping the program "will leave weapons-grade plutonium in a
weapons-usable state for the foreseeable future."

"By all objective measurements, the MOX program has proven to be a technological
success, has achieved the highest levels of safety, and has served as an
economic driver in South Carolina and nationally with more than 4,000 American
vendors in 43 states contributing to the effort," Flint said.

The MOX fuel, which would be fabricated from recycled surplus defense-origin
plutonium and uranium, is potentially a fuel for the domestic nuclear energy
industry. American Nuclear Society spokesman Craig Piercy said at a March 5
teleconference that this was likely to be "the marquee issue" in the budget
process, pitting fast reactor advocates in Congress against those favoring MOX
as a means to use reprocessed fuel.
LOAN GUARANTEES

Funding for DOE's loan guarantee program remains consistent in this budget
request, with $18.5 billion authority. DOE recently finalized the first nuclear
energy-specific loan guarantee of $ $6.5 billion to Southern Co. and its
partners to help finance the construction of two new reactors at the Plant
Vogtle site in Georgia.

Loan guarantees are not an actual appropriation and, therefore, do not represent
an outlay of taxpayer dollars when the projects they support are successfully
completed. For nuclear power projects, recipients must pay a substantial
origination fee, negotiations over which delayed final approval for the Southern
Co. loan guarantee. The guarantees aim to boost investor confidence and allow
worthy projects to obtain financing on more reasonable terms that ultimately
will lower the cost of electricity generated by the projects.

The accompanying chart shows DOE's budget numbers in categories relevant to the
nuclear energy industry. It will appear in Nuclear Energy Overview periodically,
revised to follow the federal appropriations process through the year.

For further information please visit: http://www.nei.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 30, 2011

Vendors Bundle Outsourcing, Tech For the Industry

BYLINE: Austin Kilgore

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT; Pg. 11 Vol. 35 No. 35

LENGTH: 1077  words


Large originators and servicers have long relied on the efficiencies and cost
savings of outsourcing for a long time, some going as far as building their own
offshore facilities, known as "captives" among business process outsourcers,
explained Jon Cleaver, vice president and practice head of mortgage BPO services
at Wipro Gallagher Solutions, the Franklin, Tenn.-based mortgage subsidiary of
the India-based global conglomerate Wipro Technologies. But now, vendors like
Wipro and others are offering custom outsourced services, combined with loan
origination technology to small and midsize lenders, he said.

"Whether it's a large, middle or even community banking market, each group is
going to have a specific need," he said. "The more flexibility we can provide to
each client, the easier we're going to be able to meet that need."

Approximately 25% of Wipro's 120,000 associates work in its BPO businesses,
while the rest focus on information technology in a variety of industries. Wipro
has long provided mortgage industry outsourcing, but purchased Gallagher
Financial Solutions in 2008 to acquire its loan origination system, NetOxygen.
Now, WGS offers its LOS as a standalone technology, as well as a bundled package
that combines back-office underwriting and closing services performed in
outsourcing centers.

By providing both the technology and the outsourcing, workers at both the
outsourcer and lenders have access to the same Web-based systems and workflow.

"Strategically, you are working with one vendor who has skin in the game and a
deep knowledge of the process and the technology," said Anil Raibagi, CEO of the
Wipro Gallagher Solutions unit. "That helps you focus on your core business,
which is originating loans and allowing your partner to deal with the back
office."

Mortgage outsourcers like WGS and ISGN, another global firm with mortgage
operations based in Bensalem, Pa., typically pick up the process after a local
loan officer has taken the application from a prospective borrower. The
outsourcer can conduct any combination of underwriting and settlement services
tasks, as well as closing and post-closing delivery. Some lenders chose to
handle certain steps in the process and outsource others. Since both sides are
using the same technology and workflow, the partnership is more integrated.

Small and midsize lenders use outsourcing differently than large lenders,
explained Chetan Patel, executive vice president at ISGN, another provider of
bundled technology and BPO services.

Small banks with volatile origination volume-anywhere from single digits to a
few dozen loans a week-don't want the overhead associated with full-time staff
for underwriting, so they outsource it. They can pay either per closed loan or
in stage-based pricing, where incremental steps in the process are paid
piecemeal.

"The fallout ratio in this space is pretty high," Patel said. "If they want to
pay per closed loan, the price is a little bit higher, but if they want to pay
per registered loan, then the price gets cheaper."

Some lenders chose to list these costs on the good-faith estimate and HUD-1 as
origination costs, while others roll that cost into the application fee. By
outsourcing the back-office operations, Patel said small lenders can realize
cost savings up to 30%.

It's a different strategy for larger lenders, who tend to retain 60% of their
expected volume in-house and outsource the remaining 40% of their volume.

"With market fluctuation they believe their volume will never dip below 60%,"
Patel said. "We have commitments from them that 40% of their volume is coming to
us or a definite number of loans and above that is the market fluctuation."

When a large originator sees a spike in business, they outsource it to keep
costs and turn times down.

ISGN offers two different LOS platforms, one for small lenders and another for
larger clients. Both technologies integrate with ISGN's outsourcing services.
The company is in the process of bringing a new platform to market that combines
the strengths of both platforms into a single browser-based LOS for both
segments of the market, called Catapult.

In addition to the overhead cost savings, Patel said ISGN offers a guarantee on
its underwriting services. "If an on-staff underwriter makes a mistake, there is
no recourse because he's your employee," he said. "With an outsourcing
arrangement, if we make a mistake, there is recourse available because we
provide a guarantee on the underwriting."

While lenders of all sizes are outsourcing mortgage originating, it's not always
happening from offshore facilities. Wipro has a center in Tennessee that handles
mortgage work, including consumer facing call center activity, and another
nonmortgage facility in Atlanta that won an award in 2009 for promoting job
growth in the area. Likewise, ISGN has major domestic centers in Connecticut,
Florida and Texas and satellite offices in Michigan, Georgia and Pennsylvania.

ISGN's Michigan center in the Detroit suburb of Livonia was previously part of
Fiserv's loan fulfillment solutions, where tasks like broker price opinions,
loss mitigation and closing and settlement services were handled. Since ISGN
acquired the business at the end of 2009, it's consolidated those tasks into its
Connecticut center. But ISGN's presence in Livonia, an area with an unemployment
rate near 12%, will continue, Patel said. Instead, the Livonia center is being
revamped to handle due diligence work for servicers dealing with high levels of
borrower foreclosures and bankruptcies. "In the long term, we are not pulling
out of Livonia. We are looking to add in different types of services...because
we can get the staff and resources available at an attractive price."

Wipro also sees benefit in having domestic outsourcing. "I still talk to people
today where the minute you say outsourcing they picture some back office
overseas location," Cleaver said. "You're seeing an evolution and an education
and a maturity of not only the outsourcing from a vendor perspective, but also
from the lender side of the house."

Lenders don't want to appear as if they're outsourcing work overseas during a
time of high unemployment, Cleaver said. "With everything that's gone on the
last couple of years, everybody's sensitive about everything. From a lender's
perspective, it's a sensitive issue," he continued. "But from a long-term
strategic analysis, you've got to do what's right for the company and its
longevity."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           November 29, 2012 Thursday

Taxpayer group slams oil shale subsidies

BYLINE: Amy Joi O'Donoghue Deseret News

LENGTH: 619 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? A new report by a nonpartisan taxpayer advocacy group is
calling for the end of subsidies for oil shale development, saying billions of
tax dollars have been wrongfully thrown at a commercial pursuit that remains
"elusive" and unproven after decades of trying. "Since the 1980s, oil shale has
been showered with billions in tax credits, price guarantees, and loan
guarantees," the report by the Taxpayers for Common Sense said. "In addition,
public lands have been given to private companies for oil shale research and
development, without requiring the payment of rents, bonuses or royalties for
facilities producing at less than commercial scale."

The report says even after that support, oil shale has yet to be commercially
produced, resulting in the cost of failed enterprises being shouldered by
taxpayers and small communities. Jim Spehar, a former mayor and county
commissioner from oil-shale rich Colorado, said in a teleconference Thursday
that millions of dollars have been thrown at oil shale development at a cost to
small communities that must bear the brunt of infrastructure costs. "What all of
this has done is force upon local communities the need to deal with a variety of
impacts, impacts to their roads, to their schools, to their infrastructure like
sewer, water, and law enforcement," said Spehar, who served as mayor of Grand
Junction and a Mesa County commissioner. The report was released in advance of a
Friday hearing in which a congressional measure being pushed by Texas Republican
will be detailed. The proposal by Rep. Ralph Hall would establish $10 million in
subsidies a year for five years for oil shale development, a move Spehar said
confounds him. "This is a subsidy the industry itself has not asked for and
comes at a time when we are driving off the fiscal cliff," he said, noting there
are a half-dozen oil shale research and development projects on the ground in
Colorado and Utah that are being conducted absent any subsidy. "I'm unaware of
anybody who has asked for these subsidies." Spehar said he has seen the "on the
ground effects" of failed oil shale pursuits in Colorado, where the small
community of Rifle just recently paid off its infrastructure investments from
development that was subsidized in the early 1980s. The report notes that in the
?80s, oil companies received $3.2 billion in loan guarantees and $3.7 billion in
price guarantees for oil shale ? funded with taxpayer dollars. "The return on
those investments were devastated local economies, abandoned projects and failed
oil shale development," according to the report. In the sparsely populated Rio
Blanco County on the Utah/Colorado border, a 48-mile county road that supports
industry needs to be repaved ? at a cost of $2 million a mile ? and Spehar said
that will come at the expense of residents, not the oil shale industry. "Their
annual budget is the mid-$30 million range." With turmoil in the Middle East and
price uncertainty at the gas pump, the oil shale-rich region of Colorado, Utah
and Wyoming ? known as the Green River Formation ? has captured the attention of
oil companies. A 2010 report by the Government Accountability Office estimated
that the formation contains up to 3 trillion barrels of oil ? half of which may
be recoverable ? or an amount equal to the entire world's proven oil reserves.
About 72 percent of the oil shale is beneath federal lands managed by the Bureau
of Land Management, which is slated to release new rules on the shale's
extraction by the end of the year. Utah is home to five oil shale development
projects, four of which are on state-owned lands and one that is on privately
owned lands. E-mail: amyjoi@desnews.com Twitter: amyjoi16

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                     February 1, 2012 Wednesday 3:36 AM EST

Budget Speech by the Financial Secretary (3)

LENGTH: 1813  words


Hong Kong, Feb. 1 -- Hong Kong SAR Government issued the following news release:

Getting Hong Kong Well Prepared

33. Faced with so many uncertainties, we must get well prepared for our future.
While short-term relief measures are essential to stabilising our economy and
tiding our community over difficult times, we must also seize this moment when
our financial position is sound to invest in our future.  I shall propose
measures to address this issue in six respects, namely supporting enterprises,
preserving employment, caring for people, stabilising our financial system,
increasing land supply and strengthening our social capital.

Supporting Enterprises

34. First of all, lending support to enterprises.  I am deeply concerned about
the possible hardship small and medium enterprises (SMEs) may suffer in times of
economic downturn.  Making up the vast majority of the enterprises in Hong Kong,
SMEs employ over 1.2 million staff, representing half of the total number of
employees in the private sector.  We must do our utmost to help SMEs get through
difficult times in order to minimise unemployment.  I shall now propose a series
of supportive measures for them.

35. To address the financing difficulties faced by SMEs, the Government
introduced the Special Loan Guarantee Scheme in 2008.  With the recovery of the
economy, the Scheme ceased to accept applications on January 1, 2011.  It was
replaced by a market-oriented sustainable SME Financing Guarantee Scheme
launched by the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited (HKMC).  The new Scheme
offers financing guarantee services catered for SMEs and helps reduce banks'
lending risks, thereby contributing to maintaining the stability of our banking
system.

36. Given the fluctuations in the external economic environment in the coming
year, SMEs may have to face financing difficulties once again as a result of the
credit crunch.  After taking into account suggestions by SMEs and the banking
sector, we propose to substantially enhance the existing SME Financing Guarantee
Scheme by introducing a number of concessionary measures.

37. Under the SME Financing Guarantee Scheme, the maximum loan guarantee ratio
is 70 per cent.  The concessionary measures will include a new loan guarantee
product with a higher ratio of 80 per cent for which the Government will provide
a total guarantee commitment of $100 billion.  While the annual guarantee fee
for a loan with a guarantee ratio of 70 per cent currently stands at 32 to 35
per cent of the loan facility's interest rate, that for a loan with a guarantee
ratio of 80 per cent under the new concessionary measures will be lowered to 10
to 12 per cent.  Take a $1 million loan at an interest rate of five per cent per
annum as an example.  The annual guarantee fee for a loan with a guarantee ratio
of 70 per cent is $16,000 under the current Scheme.  The annual guarantee fee
for a loan with a guarantee ratio of 80 per cent under the concessionary
measures will only be $5,000, 70 per cent less when compared to the current
rate.  The concessionary scheme will be open for application for nine months.
Taking into account the anticipated default rate, the estimated government
expenditure will be about $11 billion.

38. The increase in loan guarantee ratio under the SME Financing Guarantee
Scheme will enhance lending institutions' confidence in offering loans to SMEs
to meet their financing needs.  The significant reduction in guarantee fee will
also reduce the burden on SMEs.  We consider that a limited guarantee fee will
ensure appropriate risk sharing among lending institutions, enterprises and
Government, and hence the proper use of public money.  To tide enterprises over
difficult times, the HKMC will launch the concessionary measures as soon as
possible, and discuss with lending institutions and enterprises ways to simplify
the Scheme's existing procedures.

39. In times of economic downturn, exporters will face a shrinking overseas
market as well as increasing risks of default in payment by buyers.  In December
2011, the Hong Kong Export Credit Insurance Corporation (ECIC), with the full
support of the Government, introduced three enhanced measures, namely (1)
waiving its annual policy fee for one year; (2) providing exporters with free
buyer credit assessment service; and (3) expediting the assessment of small
credit limit applications.

40. To further assist SMEs, the ECIC will introduce new terms in their insurance
policy, which will include special concessions for SMEs, on February 6.  For
example, SME policyholders will be allowed to insure their exports only for
places and buyers of their choice under specified circumstances, and will be
offered various premium discounts.  Moreover, the ECIC will extend the sales-by
policy launched in March last year to contracts between Hong Kong exporters'
overseas or Mainland subsidiaries of which the Hong Kong policyholders have
control, and their buyers.  I believe that these new initiatives will further
help SMEs maintain their competitiveness, tap into emerging markets and ease
their financial pressure.

41. In the face of the worsening external economic environment, we need to help
our enterprises by reducing their operating costs and enhancing our
competitiveness so as to protect employment.  To this end, I propose four
measures as follows:

(1) Waiving the business registration fees for 2012-13 to benefit all business
operators.  This proposal will cost the Government $1.9 billion;

(2) Reducing profits tax for 2011-12 by 75 per cent, subject to a ceiling of
$12,000.  The reduction will be reflected in the taxpayers' final tax payable
for 2011-12.  The proposal will benefit all taxpayers who are liable to profits
tax, the number of which is near 120 000.  This proposal will cost the
Government $1.12 billion;

(3) Halving the charges for import and export declarations.  We estimate that
each enterprise engaging in import and export businesses will save $9,000 a year
on average.  This will cost the Government $750 million a year; and

(4) Abolishing capital duty levied on local companies.  This is to encourage
investors to set up companies in Hong Kong to raise capital and expand their
business, thereby enhancing Hong Kong's competitiveness as a corporate domicile.
This proposal will cost the Government $90 million a year.

Preserving Employment

42. Second, we will strive to preserve employment.  Overall employment in Hong
Kong is largely stable with the unemployment rate standing at a relatively low
level.  However, I expect the unemployment rate to reverse its downtrend as the
economy slows down.  We should therefore be well prepared so that timely
measures can be taken to lessen any impact on the community when there is an
upward pressure on the unemployment rate.

43. We shall continue with the strategy which helped us tackle the 2008
financial tsunami.  We shall, on the one hand, stabilise the employment market
through the supportive measures for enterprises I have just mentioned, and
provide suitable employment support and training directly for our working
population on the other.

44. Take the construction industry as an example.  Heavy investment in
infrastructure projects by this Government has brought about a substantial
increase in demand for construction workers, and the employment situation has
been improving in the industry.  The unemployment rate for the industry in the
latest quarter is 5.2 per cent, far below the post-tsunami peak of 12.8 per cent
in 2008.

45. In 2010, I earmarked $100 million to implement various initiatives to
attract more people to join the construction industry.  These measures have
started to deliver results.  The construction workforce has grown to its present
strength of more than 300 000, easing the problem of an ageing workforce and
succession gap faced by the industry in recent years.  To ride the wave, I
propose to earmark another $220 million to support the Construction Industry
Council in enhancing manpower training.  The aim is to bring fresh blood into
the industry to meet the demand of future infrastructure developments.

46. The catering and retail industries have been providing employment
opportunities for the grass roots.  The Labour Department's Recruitment Centre
for the Catering Industry and Recruitment Centre for the Retail Industry will
strengthen liaison with employers in both industries to better serve their
recruitment needs, and disseminate up-to-date information on the employment
market to job seekers.  In addition, the Employees Retraining Board (ERB) will
continue to provide courses to help people who are seeking employment or
changing jobs to join the catering and retail trades.  Courses are also offered
to employees of both trades to upgrade their skills.

47. The Vocational Training Council will set up an International Cuisine College
for people aspiring to become professional chefs in international cuisines.
Apart from providing vocational training to those who wish to pursue a career in
the catering industry, the College will offer multiple study pathways for
youngsters.  The College, to be established with a capital expenditure of $500
million, is expected to admit its first cohort of students in the 2014/15
academic year.  It will provide more than 2 000 places a year.

48. With the economy slowing down and the unemployment rate reversing its
downtrend, certain groups of people in society will be the first to bear the
brunt.  We shall soon inject $100 million into the Enhancing Employment of
People with Disabilities through Small Enterprises Project, under which funding
is granted to non-government organisations to set up small enterprises employing
people with disabilities.  We shall continue the Youth Pre-employment Training
Programme and Youth Work Experience and Training Scheme, Employment Programme
for the Middle-aged, and Work Orientation and Placement Scheme to facilitate the
employment of young people, the middle-aged and the disabled.  These special
employment programmes, which involve an annual expenditure of $175 million,
benefit 20 000 job seekers with employment difficulties each year.

49. The ERB will offer 130 000 training places in 2012-13, and allocate
additional resources for the provision of placement-tied courses for the
unemployed and people seeking employment.  Adequate resources have also been
reserved for providing an additional 30 000 training places.  This will enable
the ERB to respond promptly to the demand from training providers for increasing
or redeploying the places to meet contingencies.

50. The Government will remain vigilant against any serious deterioration in the
economic situation and its impact on employment.  When necessary, we shall
provide further funding to adjust and enhance the relevant employment
programmes.

(To be continued)

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

Website: news.gov.hk

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2012 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2004 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 July 27, 2004

                       WINSOR PARK COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION

                             WINSOR PARK COMMUNITY
                           FACILITIES 454 ILFORD LANE
                                     ILFORD

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03737031

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 19, 1999

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Parmjit Kaur, House Wife
     ·    Alan Peter Cummins, Brick Layer
     ·    Olamide Titilope Soleye, Social Worker
     ·    Faduma Soleban, Mature Student


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MERVYNHINDS


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
85310 - Social work activities with accommodation
92720 - Other recreational activities not elsewhere classified

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2001
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2001
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 30, 2002
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 19, 2002
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/200 31/03/200         -
                                                   1         0
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                3,000     2,000         -
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         -
Total Fixed Assets                             3,000     2,000         -
Stocks                                             0         0         -
Debtors                                       31,000   123,000         -
Cash                                           3,000    41,000         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         -
Other Current Assets                           3,000    41,000         -
Total Current Assets                          34,000   164,000         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         -
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  37,000   166,000         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/200 31/03/200         -
                                                   1         0
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         -
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             16,000   111,000         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         -
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     16,000   111,000         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             16,000   111,000         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 21,000    55,000         -
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         -
Shareholder Funds                             21,000    55,000         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    21,000    55,000         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/200 31/03/200  -
                           1         0
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales           98,000   110,000  -
Cost of Sales              -         -  -
Gross Profit               -         -  -
Operating Profit           -         -  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          -         -  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit         -34000    -17000  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax           -         -  -
Dividends Payable          -         -  -
Retained Profits           -         -  -
Value Added                -         -  -
Capital Employed      21,000    55,000  -
Net Worth             21,000    55,000  -
Working Capital       18,000    53,000  -
Emp. Renumeration     96,000    85,000  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees             -         -  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -    -11      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -    -78      -
Current Assets          -    -79      -
Current                 -    -86      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -    -62      -
Employee Wages          -     13      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,065 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2001)
SIC Code:
85310 Social work activities with accommodation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0.00     5.16    17.95
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -0.14     4.12    13.05
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -0.21     3.79    11.36
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              53.16   127.74   259.25
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       20.28     7.16     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.94     2.15     6.02
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  9,415.09 12,546.5 16,586.6
                                                                   8        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  16,845.2 22,700.0 31,541.4
                                                          4        0        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  64.06    55.22    45.40



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -2                                       -
=
Year -3                                       -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/03/200 31/03/200 -
                                                           1         0
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                 -161.90    -30.91 -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                            -91.89    -10.24 -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)               -161.90    -30.91 -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -34.69    -15.45 -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              264.86     66.27 -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            18.37     48.18 -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x      115.46    408.14 -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    2.13      1.48 -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      2.13      1.48 -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                       0.57      0.33 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      97.96     77.27 -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     -         - -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            -         - -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    -         - -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -         - -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  -         - -
Creditors / Debtors                                     0.00      0.00 -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 21,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: B.B.K. Accountants Ltd

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             April 18, 2006 Tuesday

Quedancor eyes P6.7-B loans to fisheries sector

BYLINE: Beverly T. Natividad

SECTION: Pg. S1/3

LENGTH: 436 words


Quedan and Rural Credit Guarantee Corporation (Quedancor) targets to lend at
least P6.7 billion to the agri-fisheries sector this year to expand the farm
sector's access to credit facilities.

Quedancor President and Chief Executive Nelson C. Buenaflor said the
agricultural credit agency wants increased private sector involvement this year
to infuse funding into the agricultural sector.

"We sought the active participation of the private sector to pump- prime the
agricultural sector, and now the private sector is very active in helping us,"
said Mr. Buenaflor.

In terms of policy direction, Mr. Buenaflor said, Quedancor is now increasing
ties with commercial banks, investment houses, and insurance firms as sources of
funds that it, in turn, lends to marginalized farmers.

Quedancor now has credit lines amounting to P10.3 billion with both private and
government banks and lending institutions such as Equitable PCI Bank, Allied
Banking Corporation, United Coconut Planters Bank, Philippine Veterans Bank,
Land Bank of the Philippines (Landbank), Keppel Bank, Merchant Bank, May Bank
and First Metro Investment Corporation.

Mr. Buenaflor said Quedancor sources funds through these credit lines via
investment schemes like rediscounting ventures, sale of promissory notes, and
guarantee facilities.

A rediscounting credit line of P150 million from Allied Bank which is set to
expire in end-April, for example, was recently renewed and raised to P300
million after its expiration.

Its credit line with Landbank is also set to expire in end-April. This bank
tie-up, involving rediscounting and sale of receivables, is set to be negotiated
for another 60-day extension within the month.

In 2005, Quedancor released P5.3 billion in loans to finance agri- business
ventures of about 212,000 small farmers in the agri-fisheries sector.

In the first two months of the 2006, Quedancor had already released P753.4
million in loans to the farm sector which it estimates to translate to 28,894
jobs nationwide.

Unlike commercial banks and even rural banks, Quedancor offers smaller amount of
loans with lower interests.

Quedancor, Mr. Buenaflor said, lends an average of only P5 billion annually
compared to rural banks' P100 billion yearly.

"Compared to them, we offer only 'bite-size' loans because our clientele is made
up of marginalized farmers and we can loan out as low as P10,000," he said.

While interest rates among rural banks range from 18%-24% per annum, Mr.
Buenaflor said, Quedancor interest rates range from 12% to 18% at the maximum,
even if farm commodities face risks from weather disturbances and natural
calamities.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 29, 2017

                    THE COURTYARD ARTS AND COMMUNITY CENTRE

                                  THE STABLES
                                   PORT VALE
                                    HERTFORD
                               HERTFORD SG14 3AA


TRADE ADDRESS: Community Centre, Port Vale, HERTFORD SG14 3AA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01992509596
URL: www.courtyardarts.org.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03044085

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 10, 1995
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 13

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Bryan Frank Andrews, Lecturer Counsellor
     ·    Anthony Gray Freeland, None
     ·    Sara Jane Miller, Marketing Manager
     ·    Dr Michael Saville Howarth, E-learning Consultant
     ·    Mrs Carolyn Perry, Retired
     ·    Mrs Victoria Jane Hardress Collier, Fundraiser
     ·    Mr Michael Alan Robinson, Retired


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040
90030

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 14, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 20, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               34,498    36,786    39,074
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            34,498    36,786    39,074
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          44,420    42,416    42,295
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   2,550     5,648     2,040
Other Current Assets                          46,970    48,064    44,335
Total Current Assets                          46,970    48,064    44,335
Fixed Assets                                  34,498    36,786    39,074
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  81,468    84,850    83,409



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                      5,872     5,624     4,176
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             14,415    11,227     9,953
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     14,415    11,227     9,953
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     20,287    16,851    14,129
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             20,287    16,851    14,129
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 61,181    67,999    69,280
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             61,181    67,999    69,280
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    61,181    67,999    69,280


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          113,000    98,619    97,365
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit         113,000    98,619    97,365
Operating Profit       -6818     -1281     -3903
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          -6818     -1281     -3903
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax       -6818     -1281     -3903
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits       -6818     -1281     -3903
Value Added           43,409    48,701    43,101
Capital Employed      61,181    67,999    69,280
Net Worth             61,181    67,999    69,280
Working Capital       26,683    31,213    30,206
Emp. Renumeration     47,939    47,694    45,185
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees                 0         0         0
Non-audit Fees         3,000     2,940     2,370
Depreciation           2,288     2,288     1,819
Number of                 13        11        12
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               14.58  16.06   8.06
Pretax             432.24  74.69 -316.6
                                      5
Total Assets        -3.99  -2.33  -6.01
Current Assets      -2.28   5.94  -8.35
Current             20.39  43.58  50.32
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -10.03 -11.69  -16.4
Employee Wages       0.51   6.09  11.78
Number of           18.18   8.33   8.33
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        1
Year -1  7
=        4
Year -2  9
=        9
Year -3  9
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -11.14     -1.88     -5.63
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -8.37     -1.51     -4.68
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            -11.14     -1.88     -5.63
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -6.03      -1.3     -4.01
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           138.7    116.23    116.73
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            3.28      2.68      2.49
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        23.61     31.65     31.02
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                2.32      2.85      3.14
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  2.32      2.85      3.14
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.75       0.8      0.83
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     3,687.62  4,335.82  3,765.42
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  42.42     48.36     46.41
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)        -524.46   -116.45   -325.25
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               8,692.31  8,965.36  8,113.75
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          4,706.23  6,181.73  5,773.33
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        2,653.69  3,344.18  3,256.17
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        6,266.77  7,713.64  6,950.75
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -15.71     -2.63     -9.06
Value Added / Sales (%)                            38.42     49.38     44.27
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         3,339.15  4,427.36  3,591.75
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 0.91      1.02      0.95
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 61,181

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Meyer Williams

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                               November 24, 2008

SMEs Going Global: Major financing challenges

BYLINE: Karamjit Singh

LENGTH: 818 words


Edwin Lim knows his company is one of the rare SMEs that can still tap funding
from its financial institution. The CEO of K-One Bhd, an original design
manufacturer and original equipment manufacturer, recently applied for
additional credit lines and found the bank willing to accommodate it. "So far,
banks have been very kind to us, but from speaking to my peers I know we are the
exception, and that most SMEs are and will be adversely affected by the credit
and growth squeeze. There is no escaping it." says Lim, who believes being in
the niche mobile phone business is helping his cause.

Not as lucky is Datuk Dr Rajen M, the CEO of Holista Biotech Sdn Bhd, who
predicts that there will be an inevitable tightening of credit. "There are
rumblings that our bank will raise collateral via a higher fixed deposit from
us," he says. Rajen also had a recent request for 80% funding for a land deal
rejected even though it came with corporate guarantees. "This shows there is
some nervousness among banks and may reflect what's about to come," he warns.
Rajen is not alone in experiencing this. A quick survey of some SMEs showed that
the credit crunch has hit our shores (see sidebar).

Indeed, a senior executive at a leading bank, who did not wish to be identified,
says it is inevitable that banks will have a higher sensitivity towards risk
management. However, he says the good news is they are still lending to SMEs,
although some have become selective about which sectors they want to play in.
"Cash flow has become much more important now."

According to the SMI Association of Malaysia, the credit crunch is well and
truly here. A member of its finance sub-committee tells The Edge that the
feedback from members is that banks have started reviewing their existing credit
facilities to SMEs and, "if the conduct of the account or repayment is not good,
they will not continue the facility," says the executive who prefers not to be
named.

He says the association was worried that if this gains momentum, it would
curtail business activity and contradict government efforts in asking banks to
keep credit flowing, especially to SMEs. To be sure, some banks are still
lending and at an even more rapid pace than last year (see Page 4 where a CIMB
executive shares that his bank has approved over RM6 billion worth of loans in
the first 10 months of 2008), but one suspects this is an exception to the case.

"Many businesses are already suffering as banks slow down the application
process. All this talk about 36-hour approvals are misleading. Even more
worrying is that even the SME Bank is now taking longer to process applications,
and there are delays with the Credit Guarantee Corporation (CGC) too, he adds.

He agrees that risk management is looked at differently by banks but at the end
of the day, "most loans are rejected outright". In the case of letters of
credit, either the collateral is being raised or a lower amount of money is
being given.

Whatever way one looks at it, the situation is not likely to get better for
SMEs, the SMI Association executive frets. And worse, some sectors have
reportedly been given the cold shoulder by banks. If this is true, those in the
transport and construction industries, as well as used-car dealers will not get
what they want from banks.

Action plan

What can be done to help SMEs is to lessen some of the financial conditions on
borrowing, says the SMI Association executive. While the SME community is
grateful for the RM1.2 billion special SME loan with its fixed 4% interest,
loosening some of the terms that come with the CGC guarantee would help to put
cash back into company coffers. CGC typically acts as a guarantor for most SME
loans that are given out by banks, but charges two fees for its service. One is
a 2.5% interest on what it calls a guarantee fee on the secured portion of the
loan. This is the amount of collateral a company puts up to the CGC. For
instance, if a company gets a RM1 million credit guarantee from the CGC and puts
up RM100,000 collateral, it has to pay an annual 2.5% interest on it until the
loan is fully repaid. There is a 3.5% interest to be paid on the clean portion,
or the loan amount not secured by collateral. In our example this would be
RM900,000 on which 3.5% will be paid annually until the full RM1 million loan
has been repaid.

The SMI executive suggests that the 2.5% interest on the secured portion be
abolished while the 3.5% fee be reduced to 1.5%. "This can be reviewed after we
have moved past this credit crisis," he says. We are sailing into uncertain
waters and anything the government can do to help SMEs, which contribute 32% of
national GDP, will ultimately benefit the nation, says the executive.

Whether the government buys that argument remains to be seen, but judging by
what The Edge has heard, some creative and aggressive action needs to be taken
to keep the funding lines open for our SMEs.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2013 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 8, 2013

                  BLACK & ETHNIC MINORITY ARTS NETWORK - BEMA

                              84 SPRINGFIELD HOUSE
                                5 TYSSEN STREET
                                    HACKNEY

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05467262

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 31, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Atila Basri, Telecommunication
     ·    Merville Anthony Bishop, Community Development Artist


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    JANICEWYNTER, ADVICE & INFORMATION MANAGER


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2011
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2011
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 14, 2011
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 31, 2011
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/200
                                                   1         0         9
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         0         0
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         0         0
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                               0     4,000         0
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               0     4,000         0
Total Current Assets                               0     4,000         0
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0     4,000         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/200
                                                   1         0         9
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0     1,000
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              7,000     7,000     7,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      7,000     7,000     8,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              7,000     7,000     8,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0     4,000         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  -7000     -7000     -8000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                              -7000     -3000     -8000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     -7000     -3000     -8000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/200
                           1         0         9
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales            9,000    17,000         0
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          -4000     5,000     -2000
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       -7000     -3000     -8000
Net Worth              -7000     -3000     -8000
Working Capital        -7000     -3000     -8000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -    -47      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -   -100      -
Current Assets          -   -100      -
Current                 -      0    -13
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -      -      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,329 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2011)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -5.63     0.24    20.78
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.42     0.00    11.15
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -6.09     0.00     7.96
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              43.33   125.00   307.41
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       11.29     0.66     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.50     1.06     2.28
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  12,314.8 17,866.6 23,000.0
                                                          1        7        0
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  33,666.6 52,529.4 79,444.4
                                                          7        1        4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  42.59    32.71    22.63



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                      27
=
Year -2                                      16
=
Year -3                                      35
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/200
                                                       1         0         9
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -    125.00         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -44.44     29.41         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -    425.00         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       -77.78    -17.65         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      0.00      0.00         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.00      0.57      0.00
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.00      0.57      0.00
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP -7000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Community Accountancy Project

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                      July 14, 2001 Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Land buy paves way for club, new fields

BYLINE: Bronislaus B. Kush; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 286 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



- The Main South Community Development Corporation has finished acquiring
properties along Tainter Street for a new Boys & Girls Club and athletic fields
for Clark University.

The new clubhouse and fields are part of a $32 million revitalization plan for
the area of Gardner, Kilby and Hammond streets in the neighborhood.

The acquisition of the 7.5 acres allows the CDC to seek federal loans through
the city for demolition, cleanup and other related costs.

With a possible site in hand, Boys & Girls Club officials will also be able to
officially launch a capital campaign to build a new clubhouse.

The CDC and other partners in the overall revitalization project will formally
announce the land acquisitions Monday at the opening of the new Center for
Community Revitalization at 875 Main St.

That center will house the CDC's new offices, as well as a police alert center,
a day care center, and an employment skills training center.

The fields and the clubhouse, now located on Ionic Avenue, will be constructed
along Tainter Street near the railroad tracks.

The CDC was able to purchase the property through a $3.95 million loan offered
by an insurance collaborative for inner-city development projects. It was backed
by a city-approved federal loan guarantee, as well as a $1 million grant from
the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Paul V. LaCava, assistant city manager for neighborhood services, said City
Manager Thomas R. Hoover will update the City Council about the project and will
ask councilors to approve another $2 million in loan guarantees for cleanup of
the Tainter Street properties, some of which are occupied by blighted factory
buildings.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2001 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           February 15, 2011 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Stocks will bleed if U.S. slashes budget; Cuts already reflected in price of
defence stocks

BYLINE: John Dorfman, Bloomberg News

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST INVESTING; Pg. FP7

LENGTH: 443  words


Listening to both Republicans and Democrats spout off these days, it sounds like
austerity is the new patriotism in the United States. Both parties vow to cut
federal spending. If and when rhetoric begets actions, stocks that depend on
federal spending for a significant part of their revenue look vulnerable.

Many analysts have lowered their earnings estimates for military contractors.
Health-care companies relying on revenue from Medicare are also under the sword
of Damocles.

In these and other industries, investors need to weigh how much of the budget
cutting news is already reflected in the price of a particular stock. The higher
the share price relative to earnings, the more vulnerable it is. Some companies
threatened by budget cuts are already so cheap their shares may be worth buying.

In my opinion, that's the case with defence stocks. RaytheonCo. and Lockheed
Martin Corp. sell for about nine times earnings, General Dynamics Corp. and
Northrop Grumman Corp. for about 11 times earnings.

General Dynamics, for example, showed earnings growth of 10% or more in seven of
the past eight years. Yet analysts foresee only 5% growth in 2011.

Long-term care facilities, also known as rehab hospitals, could find the federal
government stingier than before. National Healthcare Corp., based in
Murfreesboro, Tenn., looks vulnerable. The company gets 70% of its revenue from
the federal government, according to Barclays Capital.

The stock isn't cheap, at 17 times earnings.

Also at some risk are health-care companies whose treatments are expensive,
especially if there are some cheaper therapies available. Boston Scientific
Corp., a medical device manufacturer, makes stents to keep blood vessels open,
but cheaper stents or drug treatments might be substituted.

Besides defence and health care, selected stocks in other industries may also be
vulnerable. For-profit colleges, for example, depend on the federal government
to guarantee the student loans that pay for their students to attend. Without
loans, most students couldn't go, and without federal guarantees few lenders
would issue student loans.

Particularly risky is Corinthian Colleges Inc. of Santa Ana, Calif., which gets
90% of its revenue from the federal government, according to Barclays Capital.

In November, I explained some reasons why I would stay away from Corinthian
Colleges shares, such as the fact that many of its students are struggling to
pay back their loans.

Also dependent on federal money is Corrections Corp. of America, a builder and
operator of for-profit prisons. The Nashville, Tenn. company has a consistent
history of profits, but growth slowed to single digits last year.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 5, 1979, Thursday, Final Edition


Carter Urban Aid Plan Is Rejected on Hill; House Committee Rejects President's
Urban Aid Proposal

BYLINE: By Jane Seaberry and Art Pine, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 864 words


President Carter finally sent Congress yesterday his long-delayed national
development program designed to stimulate distressed communities, only to have
the plan immediately rejected by the House Budget Committee.

The proposal was to have been the centerpiece of a $6 billion program of grants,
loan guarantees and interest subsidies, Carter announced plans for such a
program a year ago but had run into snags with earlier versions.

The Budget Committee action effectively knocks out of Congress' fiscal 1980
spending plan authority to use $1.5 billion out of an expanded $3 billion budget
for the Commerce Department's Economic Development Administration.

Congress still could approve a $275 million grants program to be run by the
Department of Housing and Urban Development, but this would be only a small
portion of the total effort.

A cut in the urban grants proposal enabled the Budget Committee to agree
tentatively on a $532.8 billion congressional spending target for fiscal 1980
that contains a deficit of $24.9 billion - $4.1 billion below what Carter
proposed in January.

The House panel is expected to give final approval to the budget resolution
today, with plans to send it to the floor in mid-April.  The Senate Budget
Committee, still laboring through a similar measure, is expected to propose a
significantly higher deficit.

The House hudget panel's action, on a motion by Rep. James R. Jones (D-Okla.),
came after committee members complained that the budget situation was too tight
to allow spending on new initiatives.  Several also criticized Carter's
proposals as "too vague."

While there still is a possibility the panel may reverse itself, sources said it
was unlikely.  The Senate Budget Committee may vote to keep the plan intact, an
action anticipated by EDA officials last night.

The House panel's action effectively eliminates Carter's new program and leaves
about $1 billion already designated for EDA.

If the House action is left intact, "there would be no new program," Beverly
Milkman, an EDA official, said last night.  "It's too bad it happened today.
The timing wasn't very good."

Milkman said EDA will "have to do some homework" to explain Carter's proposal to
the House committee by tomorrow, when it plans to complete deliberations, or
hope the Senate will include it.

The president's plan was intended to highlight a program to provide more than $3
billion in direct and tax expenditures and almost $3 billion in loan guarantees
to stimulate privatesector jobs and investment in economically "distressed"
communities.

The plan would have provided $575 million in budget authority for an expanded
public works and economic development grant programs.  The grants would be for
construction and rehabilitation of public facilities and the funding of some
state and local economic development projects and jobs for the unemployed.

Carter's plan also would have provided for $570 million in budget authority and
$1.8 billion in loan guarantee authority for financial incentives to encourage
businesses to remain or locate in economically distressed areas.

Carter said in his economic message yesterday that that part of his plan would
"be the foundation for the consolidated economic development loan and loan
guarantee program that I have proposed as part of my reorganization effort."

As part of his economic development effort, Carter also announced yesterday that
he will submit later this year a reorganization plan to consolidate some
Farmers' Home Administration and Small Business Administration economic
functions within EDA.

The third key part of his legislation would be the addition of $90 million for
economic development planning assistance to urban and rural areas and technical
assistance to the public and private sectors.

Last year, Carter's plan for a new independent National Development Bank to spur
industrial growth in distressed areas was scrapped because it encountered strong
resistance from Congress.  Its projected functions were to be incorporated into
the program that was cut by the House committee yesterday.

The action came as the Senate Budget Committee, continuing work on Congress'
fiscal 1980 spending targets, approved Carter's defense budget intact-rejecting
liberal efforts to cut it further and conservative attempts to increase military
out lays.

Meanwhile, the House Budget Committee, besides rebuffing Carter's new urban
initiative, restored some monies for water projects and highway grants that the
Democratic Caucus had urged be cut.  It also approved Carter's plans to cut the
public service jobs program.

The proposal approved by the Senate panel would set military outlays at $124.9
billion and authority to commit future spending at $138.4 billion.  By contrast,
the House Budget Committee cut Carter's proposal by almost $3 billion.  The
dispute will be decided in floor action or conference.

The House committee's restorations included $300 million in new spending
authority for highway grants and $275 million for water projects, both favorites
of the Hosue leadership.  The water projects amendment was sponsored by House
Majority Leader Jim Wrigth (D-Tex.).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 14, 2017

                              Absa Capital Limited

                   Absa Towers North, 180 Commissioner Street
                               Johannesburg 2000
                                  South Africa

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Thika Power Invites Bids To Supply Diesel For 87 MW Thermal Power Plant In Kenya


   Jan 16, 2013

   Thika Power Ltd. is inviting bids to supply diesel for its 87 MW thermal
power plant in Kenya, Business Daily Africa reported. Last date for submission
of bids is February 8, 2013. The power plant, which would begin operation in
October 2013, is being developed under a 20-year build operate and transfer
agreement with Kenya Power.Thika Power said, The fuel is required to operate
five medium speed diesel engine generators with a total nominal capacity of 87
megawatts.Seeman, Thika Power country manager, said, There were procurement
delays due to contract signing and financial close. The project has closed with
the lenders allowing us to deliver full power within the first half of 2015. The
plant, which is being constructed by MAN Diesel SE and Matelec Group, is
receiving financial support from International Finance Corporation, ABSA Capital
Limited and the African Development Bank.


Platinum Group Metals Receives Credit Loan Facility Approval For WBJV Project 1
Platinum Mine In South Africa

   Dec 06, 2012

   Platinum Group Metals Ltd. reported that a syndicate of lead arrangers has
now obtained credit committee approval for a $260m senior loan facility for the
construction of the WBJV project 1 platinum mine. The credit approval is not
subject to further syndication prior to closing. Closing and draw down of the
loan facility will now be subject to the negotiation and execution of final
documentation and satisfaction of conditions precedent.The syndicate of lead
arrangers consists of Barclays Bank plc, together with its affiliate Absa
Capital, Caterpillar Financial SARL, Societe Generale and The Standard Bank of
South Africa Limited. This syndicate of banks (collectively, the 'Lending
Group') has a global presence, direct platinum industry experience and includes
two of South Africa's major banks.While working with the lending group to
finalize the loan facility, the company has been executing a $100m Phase 1
development program to complete surface and infrastructure requirements and
begin construction on twin declines into the ore body. A mining right for the
WBJV project 1 was granted in April 2012 and underground development and
construction has been in progress since 2011. Phase 1 is now approximately 80%
complete. The key terms of the credit approved loan are: A $260m senior loan
with a term of eight years. Interest rates payable on the balance of the loan
withdrawn at a rate of LIBOR plus 5% pre- completion, LIBOR plus 4.75% for two
years post-completion and LIBOR plus 5.25% from two years post-completion until
maturity. An ability to pay the loan down early in tranches. An agreed hedging
strategy focused on byproduct metals palladium, gold and base metals. Michael
Jones, president and CEO of Platinum Group Metals, said, "The receipt of credit
approval for a US$ 260 million loan is a clear indication of the quality of the
WBJV Project 1 asset. The international bank approval is an important indicator
for Platinum Group Metals Ltd. and South Africa that the platinum industry is
open for business. The shallow, good grade deposit at Project 1 is targeted for
first production in 2014 and indications are quite positive for the platinum
market at that time." Frank Hallam, CFO of Platinum Group Metals, said, "After
more than a year of work to obtain this credit approval, we are all very excited
to move forward. It's very satisfying to see this project become a reality."
Conditions precedent to draw down required by the lending group will include the
company and 26% project holder Wesizwe Platinum Limited (Wesizwe) providing a
tranche of equity capital, a cost overrun facility and a working capital
provision. Platinum Group Metals owns 74% of the WBJV project 1. Wesizwe is 45%
owned by Jinchuan Group of China and the China Africa Development Fund. The
company is also currently drilling with 10 rigs at the Waterberg discovery on
the North Limb of the Bushveld complex.


Sumitomo Subsidiary Signs Agreements For 100 MW Dorper Wind Farm Project In
South Africa

   Nov 06, 2012




Sumitomo Subsidiary Signs Agreements For Wind Farm Project In South Africa

   Nov 06, 2012

   Dorper Wind Farm (RF) Pty Ltd (Dorper Wind Farm), a project company led by
Sumitomo Corporation, through its wholly owned local subsidiary, and its local
partner Rainmaker Energy, through its subsidiary Dorper Wind Development (Pty)
Ltd, entered into a 20-year power purchase agreement (PPA) with Eskom Holdings
SOC Limited.The project company also entered into a contract with the South
African Department of Energy (DOE), under which the payment obligations of Eskom
under the PPA are guaranteed by the DOE.Financing agreements for the JPY14
billion project financing denominated in South African Rand with Nedbank
Capital, ABSA Capital and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation have also been
executed. The loan covers 70% of the approximately JPY20 billion project cost.
Dorper wind farm has also contracted Euler Hermes, to guarantee about JPY12
billion, representing 80% of the total loan. The Dorper wind farm project will
consist of 40 wind turbines, each having a generating capacity of 2.5 MW,
manufactured by German-based Nordex. Construction of the Dorper project is
scheduled to commence during November 2012, with completion and commercial
operation scheduled for July 2014. The Dorper wind farm will also contribute to
the development of South Africa by implementing a range of initiatives within
the project. These include working with local companies that conduct business in
line with the government policies to improve the status of black South Africans,
based on the Black Economic Empowerment (BEE) program, and providing job
opportunities to local South Africans over a period spanning more than two
decades from construction through operation. In addition, a portion of annual
revenue will be used to promote economic development programs as part of the
Dorper project's commitment to contribute to the enhancement of local
communities. Furthermore, Dorper wind farm has established a local community
trust, which will effectively hold an equity stake in excess of 10% in the
Dorper wind farm project company. The community trust will directly benefit the
local communities, who are predominantly black South Africans.


Private Sector To Produce 285 MW Of Power To Spur Growth In Kenya: World Bank

   Aug 28, 2012

   The World Bank announced that private power producers are expected to
increase Kenya's electricity generation capacity by 285 MW to spur economic
growth and improve competitiveness. Various agreements for the first project,
Thika Power, were signed between the government of Kenya, Kenya Power, Citibank
and the World Bank. The project will add 87 MW of capacity and the electricity
it will produce will be purchased and distributed by Kenya Power.The investment
is supported by the Kenya private sector power generation support project, which
will provide a series of partial risk guarantees (PRG) of $166m from the World
Bank's International Development Association.Johannes Zutt, World Bank country
director for Kenya, said, The PRG is an innovative approach to leverage private
sector investment to meet Kenya's power generation needs. It will enable Kenya
to attract private investment in the energy sector, bridging critical financing
gaps from public sector funding. The World Bank's PRG instrument for the four
private power producers was approved by the bank's board of executive directors
on February 28, 2012, to help expand reliable power supply to domestic and
industrial consumers, reducing constraints to growth and creating jobs. These
PRGs are expected to leverage private investments of almost $400m in Thika Power
and three other private power generation projects - Triumph Generating Company,
Gulf Power, and the expansion of Or Power 4 geothermal project. Pankaj Gupta,
sector manager of the World Bank's Financial Solutions unit, which specializes
on guarantees, said, The PRGs will enable Kenya Power to mobilize long-term
commercial financing to purchase electricity from the private independent power
producers. Funding sources will include the African Development Bank, ABSA
Capital of South Africa and the World Bank's affiliate, the International
Finance Corporation. In addition the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency of
the World Bank will be providing termination guarantee of around $49m in support
of the commercial finance provided by ABSA Capital. Citibank London will also
provide letters of credit in support of the project. Karan Capoor, the World
Bank's task team leader of the project, said, These investments will support
Kenya to rapidly build up its power generation to address short-term constraints
of severe power shortages on development. It will also diversify Kenya's power
mix, reducing the present high dependency on unreliable hydro electricity and
expensive emergency diesel plants. The government's plan is to increase private
sector participation and utilize low carbon resources such as wind and
geothermal to increase electricity generation capacity by an additional 2,000 MW
in the medium term. The additional power will contribute to Kenya's Vision 2030
strategy of expanding electricity access to 40% of the population from about 30%
in 2012.


South Africa Awards 238 MW Of Wind And Solar Contracts To Mainstream Renewable
Power Consortium

   Dec 07, 2011

   The Mainstream Renewable Power Ltd. consortium was awarded preferred bidder
status by the Department of Energy in South Africa to deliver 138 MW of wind
energy and 100 MW of solar PV into commercial operation by 2014. The award was
made under the first round of the South African government's renewable energy
procurement program.The projects which represent an investment of ZAR 5 billion
are expected to reach financial close by June 2012 and commence construction
shortly thereafter.The equity members of the consortium consist of Globeleq
Generation Limited (Globeleq), Thebe Investment Corporation, Enzani Technologies
and USIZO ENGINEERING (PTY) LTD and local community members. The projects have
been co-developed by Mainstream Renewable Power and its local partner, Genesis
Eco-Energy (Pty) Ltd, who has been active in South Africa since 2001. The
consortium's strategic delivery partners include Absa Capital Limited which has
fully underwritten the debt for the three projects as well as Siemens AG,
Suntech Power Holdings Co., Ltd (Suntech) and Group Five Iberdrola on the
technical delivery aspects of the projects. The projects awarded are: Jeffreys
Bay 138 MW wind farm located in the Eastern Cape De Aar 50 MW solar PV farm
located in the municipality of Emthanjeni in the Northern Cape Droogfontein 50
MW solar PV farm located near the town of Kimberley in the Northern Cape Eddie
O'Connor, chief executive of Mainstream Renewable Power, said, "We are very
pleased to be awarded 238 megawatts. We won all the projects that we bid. I
congratulate Minister Peters for putting in place a process which is truly
world-class and for the superb manner in which it has been executed. The
government has shown tremendous vision and foresight in creating this new and
sustainable industry for South Africa, firmly placing it on the world map for
renewable energy generation. Mainstream is fully committed to playing a leading
role in the delivery of this vision and we look forward to participating in
Round 2 and all future rounds." Mikael Karlsson, CEO of Globeleq, said, "As an
experienced and established owner, operator and developer of power generation
facilities, Globeleq is excited to be partnering with Mainstream to develop the
various wind and solar projects in South Africa. We believe that power
generation using free and natural fuel sources such as the sun and wind to
generate clean and sustainable electricity is a realistic energy solution. The
Mainstream Projects are a perfect example of how we can grow the economy through
use of affordable generation, job creation and protection of the environment
while meeting South Africa's energy needs. This is an exciting step forward for
the South African energy industry and further reinforces Globeleq's commitment
to be the leading energy company in Africa." Pieter Kriel, executive of Thebe
Power & Infrastructure Group, said, "This initiative will allow Thebe to get its
new renewable energy investment programme off the ground through an initiative
that is both good for the country's future electricity and carbon emission
strategy, while offering the potential for very good returns. Mainstream, which
has already committed to more than R5bn worth of renewable energy investments in
South Africa, is one of the leading renewable energy companies in the world with
a proven global track record and is an ideal investment partner for us."


Continental Coal Secures $65m Fund For Penumbra Mine Development

   Sep 14, 2011

   Continental Coal Limited (Continental Coal) finalized its debt funding and
related coal, foreign exchange and interest risk management facilities (the
facility) to be used for the development of the company's Penumbra coal project,
its third coal mine, in South Africa. This committed $65m financing offer has
been received from ABSA Capital, a division of ABSA Bank Limited and a
subsidiary of Barclays Bank PLC.The offer of finance comprises: A secured
seven-year term loan facility of $35m to be made available to fund the
development of the Penumbra mine A secured three-year term loan facility of $15m
to be made available to refinance existing secured indebtedness under the EDF
trading coal prepayment A secured annually renewable working capital facility of
ZAR100m (approximately $15m) to fund general corporate working capital
requirementsIn addition ABSA Capital will provide risk management facilities to
allow the company and its subsidiaries to hedge a portion of its exposure to
thermal coal prices and interest rate fluctuations. The facilities have received
credit approval and ABSA Capital has completed all necessary due diligence.
Final documentation is nearing completion, with the parties having already the
loan drawdown schedule. ABSA Capital is a division of ABSA Bank Limited and is
mandated within the Barclays Group to lead corporate and investment banking
activity in Sub-Saharan Africa. ABSA Capital has a fully local, fully global
investment banking model. ABSA Capital's domestic expertise and network taps
into Barclays Capital's global capabilities and product knowledge providing its
clients with tailored financing and risk management solutions across Africa. As
announced on September 12, 2011, the management of Continental Coal's
experienced Owners Team and TWP projects, as the appointed EPCM contractor for
the Penumbra coal project, the principal earth works contractor, Leomat (Pty)
Limited mobilized to site over the weekend of the September 3â[#x20ac]"4, 2011.
Leomat commenced civil and construction works on site on September 7, 2011 with
the initial ground breaking taking place in the proposed box-cut area. On
September 5, 2011, following site health and safety inductions that were
completed with all staff and contractors, Leomat was able to commence the
off-loading of all major earthmoving and support equipment in the contractors
lay down area on September 6, 2011. Run-of-mine production from the Penumbra
coal project is forecast to increase to the targeted annual rate of 750,000t in
the third quarter of 2012. The run-of-mine coal produced at Penumbra will be
beneficiated through the existing Delta processing operations which comprises a
300tph coal processing plant and the 1.2 Mtpa Anthra Rail Siding. Production of
500,000tpa of a primary export thermal coal product is forecasted. The export
thermal coal product will be transported through to RBCT under existing rail
contracts and sold to EDF Trading and other export off-take agreements. Don
Turvey, CEO of Continental Coal, said, "the development of the Penumbra Mine,
our third coal mine in South Africa, is of strategic importance for our overall
growth plans and therefore to have secured funding for this project is very
important to the Company and its shareholders. The fact that we received two
very attractive financing offers for this mine is testament to the feasibility
studies we conducted and the subsequent mine development plan chosen. "This
finance package has optimised our ongoing funding arrangements, and proven that
as an emerging coal producer we are able to raise debt at attractive levels for
our aggressive growth plans." Key financing terms of the facilities are
summarized below. The facilities have been structured to reduce dilution to
existing shareholders and importantly there no share or option equity
participation rights under the facility terms. $35m secured term loan
facilityBorrower: Penumbra Coal Mining Pty LimitedGuarantor: Continental Coal
Limited (Australia)Purpose: To fund construction of the Penumbra coal mineTerm:
Seven yearsRepayments: Quarterly repayments commencing after 12 monthsInterest
rate: LIBOR + 4.61% p.a (pre-completion) LIBOR + 4.11% p.a
(post-completion)Hedging: Approximately 30% of export thermal coal production
over the facility term approximately 50% of the interest rate exposure $15m
secured term loan facilityBorrower: Continental Coal Limited (South
Africa)Guarantor: Continental Coal Limited (Australia)Purpose: To refinance
existing secured indebtednessTerm: Three yearsRepayments: Quarterly repayments
commencing after 12 monthsInterest rate: LIBOR + 4.61% p.a (pre-completion)
LIBOR + 4.11% p.a (pre-completion) ZAR100m secured working capital
facilityBorrower: Continental Coal Limited (South Africa)Guarantor: Continental
Coal Limited (Australia)Purpose: To fund general corporate working capital
requirementsTerm: Annually renewableRepayments: Revolving credit facility
settled on maturity date or renewed annuallyInterest rate: Absa's Prime
Overdraft Lending rate p.a. (currently 9% p.a.).


Mainstream Renewable Power Announces News Consortium To Bid Under South Africa's
REFIT And IRP2010 programs

   Mar 24, 2011

   Mainstream Renewable Power South Africa unveiled its bidding consortium for
South Africa's forthcoming REFIT and IRP2010 programs. The consortium includes,
Thebe Investment Corporation; rural development agency AsgiSA-EC as well as
local engineering companies Enzani Technologies and Usizo Engineering Ltd.
Strategic delivery partners supporting the consortium include Siemens Energy
Africa and Absa Capital.The consortium, along with its strategic delivery
partners, has come together to achieve two specific objectivesto deliver the
highest quality wind and solar projects in the market, and to create long-term
sustainable value for South Africa. It will involve significant skills and
technology transfer from Europe with the potential to establish South Africa as
the renewable energy hub for Africa.Davin Chown, director and country general
manager at Mainstream Renewable Power South Africa, said, We've brought together
some of the most competent and respected South African companies supported by
international players with a strong track record in wind and solar project
delivery. By doing this we achieve two goalsfirstly we've de-risked the entire
project delivery process, making our projects fully bankable and readily
deployable. This addresses government's concerns in relation to guaranteeing
project delivery. Secondly we've put in place a unique and robust structure to
ensure the value created by these projects is directly channelled towards
addressing key challenges in agriculture, rural development, poverty alleviation
and BBEEE. Vusi Khanyile, executive chairman of Thebe Investment, said, We are
happy to be part of this innovative, sustainable solution to South Africa's
energy requirements which will allow some of the country's most rural
communities to experience growth and development. The project will fall under
the auspices of Thebe's recently established Power and Infrastructure business
unit aimed at investigating opportunities around creating the necessary
infrastructure to meet the requirements of South Africa's growing economy.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            October 29, 2012 Monday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Diane Mastrull: Shedding an image, lending a paw

BYLINE: By Diane Mastrull; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 1010 words


John Grady doesn't have a dog. The president of Philadelphia Industrial
Development Corp. has resisted getting one, despite considerable begging from
his three young children.

That's not to say he doesn't see value in canines. Quite the opposite.

That's why PIDC recently guaranteed 50 percent of the $125,000 loan and line of
credit that Portia Palko secured from Valley Green Bank to move her dog-day-care
business, Central Bark, to a larger facility in Grays Ferry in July.

Not that Palko - a Central Bark franchisee since 2007, who, as a nearly lifelong
city resident, was well aware of PIDC - would even have thought to expect help
from the 54-year-old economic-development nonprofit associated with some of
Philadelphia's most ambitious building projects. Among them: the sports
stadiums, the Comcast Center, and the Navy Yard repurposing.

"This isn't industrial; this is just a small business. What are they going to do
for me?" Those were Palko's thoughts, she said, when her lawyer mentioned PIDC
as a possible source for the financing she needed to renovate the former
auto-body shop on Wharton Street, where she and her staff of 10 now tend 80 dogs
each day and about 10 overnight.

That's the sort of misimpression PIDC is out to change.

"A few years ago," Grady said, "we started to think how we can expand
small-business lending."

The answer: create a subsidiary and pursue a classification for it that is more
commonly associated with smaller nonprofits, with substantially more modest
profiles. In April, the new entity - PIDC-Regional Development Corp. - was
granted status as a community-development financial institution, or CDFI.

As such, PIDC became part of a network of nearly 1,000 entities nationwide
committed to helping small businesses gain access to capital.

As I noted in this column about a month ago, banks in this struggling economy
remain reluctant to finance small business, which is perceived as a high-risk
sector requiring substantial attention and underwriting acumen. So they have
increasingly looked to CDFIs to handle those loans. Demand has been far
outpacing supply.

Opportunity Finance Network, a Philadelphia-based conglomerate of 202 CDFIs
nationwide, recently projected a $694 million shortfall nationally in financing
capital for small businesses through the end of the year.

Grady emphasized that smaller CDFIs already frustrated over their inability to
serve more businesses need not worry about PIDC's entry into their world - and,
presumably, the competition for funds it represents.

"We've all got different territory," he said. "We're not interested in doing
$50,000 loans."

PIDC's focus range is $75,000 to $750,000, perhaps small businesses that have
outgrown what financial support microlenders - generally most CDFIs - are able
to provide.

Grady is quick to note that although PIDC's reputation has been burnished with
big-dollar development projects - its track record involves $10.5 billion in
financing and 3,000 acres of land sales - small-business lending is something
the agency has been doing throughout its history, though mostly in its core
manufacturing/industrial concentration.

CDFI status gives PIDC "a credential that commercial banking and the
philanthropy world use as a standard," Grady said, adding that those are two
funding sources his agency plans to tap now that government budgets are so
stressed.

PIDC's foray into another acronym was applauded last week by Mark Pinsky,
president and CEO of Opportunity Finance Network, to which PIDC is seeking
membership.

"The more CDFIs that exist in the area, the more impact we can make together to
create jobs, build community facilities and affordable housing, fund small
businesses, and increase access to financial products in low-wealth, low-income,
and other disadvantaged communities," Pinsky said Thursday.

At Entrepreneur Works, executive director Leslie Benoliel is already thinking of
ways to partner with PIDC, calling it "a more stable institution than many of
the financial institutions we see in terms of a consistent partner." Since its
establishment in 1989, her small CDFI has issued 350 loans ranging from $500 to
$25,000.

Partnering with other CDFIs is something Grady is exploring, he said, noting
that "we all share the same mission: How do we increase entrepreneurial
activity?" Collaboration could mean microlenders handling smaller loans for
PIDC, or even PIDC offering them financing and back-office support, he said.

Meanwhile, PIDC is trying to get a better handle on the region's small-business
needs through three pilot programs. One involves direct lending to small
businesses; another, guaranteeing loans issued by community banks (such as the
Central Bark deal); the third, providing surety bonding for small and minority
contractors.

PIDC is funding the programs itself until more is known about underwriting
challenges and other issues potential funders would want to know about, Grady
said.

Jay Goldstein, president and CEO of Valley Green, said PIDC's guarantee was
essential to Palko's getting bank financing for her dog-care business.

Although Palko, 45, had an established small business "with a real and
successful customer base" and the bank believed "she had the income to pay for a
loan," Goldstein said, because she didn't own the real estate, she didn't have
any collateral to secure the loan. "And so the PIDC guarantee program was a way
for us to feel that we had enough security to make that loan to Portia."

Goldstein said the bank was hoping to do $5 million to $10 million a year in
lending with PIDC. He has no doubt that demand will exist.

"Existing small businesses have stabilized over the last few years," he said,
"and are now reaching out to banks to help them expand." Diane Mastrull:

John Grady describes how Philadelphia Industrial Development Corp., better known
for its role in high-profile economic development projects, now is helping small
businesses. www.philly.com/business


Contact Diane Mastrull

at 215-854-2466 or dmastrull@phillynews.com,

or follow on Twitter @mastrud.


LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Secretary Vilsack Announces Funding to Improve Rural Electric Service for
Customers in 12 States

LENGTH: 1017  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that rural electric cooperatives and
utilities in 12 states will receive loan guarantees to improve generation and
transmission facilities and implement smart grid technologies. The announcement
was made on the Secretary's behalf by USDA Rural Utilities Acting Administrator
John Padalino during the annual meeting of the National Rural Electric
Cooperative Association in New Orleans.

"In his State of the Union Address last week, President Obama said that in
America we have 'an aging infrastructure badly in need of repair' and these
investments help to address our country's infrastructure challenges," Padalino
said. "Upgrading rural infrastructure sets the stage for economic development,
because access to reliable, affordable electricity is essential to rural job
creation."

Today's announcement includes support for more than $8 million in smart grid
technologies, which help utilities make efficiency improvements to the electric
grid and help consumers lower their electric bills by reducing energy use in
homes and businesses.

One of the utilities selected for funding is North Dakota's Central Power
Electric Cooperative. It plans to use a $33.7 million loan guarantee to build
141 miles of transmission line and make other system improvements. Kansas' Flint
Hills Rural Electric Cooperative Association will receive an $11 million loan
guarantee to build 108 miles of distribution line. The loan includes $220,000 in
smart grid projects.

In Oklahoma, the Cotton Electric Cooperative won a $24.8 million loan guarantee
to build 229 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The
loan includes $1.3 million in smart grid projects.

The following is a complete list of rural utilities that will receive USDA
funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
agreement.

Alabama

Wiregrass Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $13,900,000. Funds will be used to build
135 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan
includes $100,452 in smart grid projects.
    Pea River Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $21,500,000. Funds will be used to
build 137 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements.

Alaska

Kotzebue Electric Association, Inc. - $2,900,000. Funds will be used to build 10
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements.

Colorado

Southeast Colorado Power Association - $8,202,000. Funds will be used to build
133 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan
includes $600,000 in smart grid projects.

Florida

Withlacoochee River Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $80,000,000. Funds will be used
to build 104 miles of distribution line, 4 miles of transmission line, and make
other system improvements. The loan amount includes $1,340,000 for smart grid
projects.

Georgia

Sumter Electric Membership Corporation - $12,500,000. Funds will be used to
build 437 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The
loan amount includes $500,000 for smart grid projects.

Kansas

Flint Hills Rural Electric Cooperative Association, Inc. - $11,000,000. Funds
will be used to build 108 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan includes $22,000 in smart grid projects.
    The Brown Atchison Electric Cooperative Association - $5,100,000. Funds will
be used to build 53 miles of distribution line and 5 miles of transmission line,
and make other system improvements.

Kentucky

Farmers Rural Electric Cooperative Corporation - $17,582,000. Funds will be used
to build 327 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The
loan amount includes $412,541 for smart grid projects.

Minnesota

Runestone Electric Association - $22,000,000. Funds will be used to build 82
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan amount
includes $379,100 for smart grid projects.

North Dakota

Burke-Divide Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $7,700,000. Funds will be used to
build 106 miles of distribution line, 20 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. The loan includes $549,994 in smart grid projects.
    Central Power Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $33,733,000. Funds will be used
to build 141 miles of transmission line and make other system improvements.

Oklahoma

Cotton Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $24,850,000. Funds will be used to build 229
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan includes
$1,300,000 in smart grid projects.

South Dakota

West Central Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $10,125,000. Funds will be used to
build 46 miles of distribution line, 14 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. The loan includes $314,487 in smart grid projects.

South Dakota and North Dakota

Northern Electric Cooperative - $20,388,000. Funds will be used to build 303
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan includes
$902,512 in smart grid projects.

Texas

Bowie-Cass Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $38,532,000. Funds will be used to build
562 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan
amount includes $672,875 for smart grid projects.

The $330 million in loan guarantees announced today are provided by USDA's Rural
Utilities Service. The funding helps electric utilities upgrade, expand,
maintain and replace rural America's electric infrastructure. USDA also funds
energy conservation and renewable energy projects.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural areas.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                             July 11, 2013 Thursday

15% loans to Muslims and other Minorities essential- Abid Rasool Khan

LENGTH: 394 words

DATELINE: Hyderabad


Hyderabad, July 11 -- General Managers of various banks admitted before the
chairman of AP State Minorities Corporation Mr. Abid Rasool Khan that they had
to complete the target of 15% loans to Minorities but they could provide only 5%
loans to these communities. However, they promised that they will take steps to
ensure to complete the target. They said they would issue instruction to their
branch managers to issue loans to Minorities to achieve the target.

Mr. Abid Rasool Khan had convened a review meeting of the bankers to examine the
progress of sanctioning loans to Minorities, in his chamber in Secretariat
yesterday. It is reported that 15 Dy. General Manager attended the meeting. They
said that they would seek cooperation from Minorities Commission in finalizing
the loans. They also told that as per the rules and regulation of Reserve Bank
of India, students can open their saving banks accounts with zero balance but
some banks violate this rule. The bankers promised that they would ensure that
such complaints do not occur. The bankers informed the Chairman that a loan upto
Rs.15 thousand could be sanctioned to Minorities with out any surety. In the
same manner, students can get loan upto Rs. 4 lakh without any guarantee.
Minorities do not know about this about this facilities. They also told that
when Minorities Finance Corporation provides Margin money for loan schools to
Minorities, the banks can not refuse the raining money of the loan. If the loan
is Rs.4-7 lakh, the guarantee of 2 persons is sufficient. If the loan exceeds,
Rs.7 lakh, then it becomes necessary to provide collateral security of poperty.

It was reported that for the few years, the mangers were reluctant to furnish
the details of the loans sanctimonies to Minorities. The Chairman told that if
there are any complaints about the banks not sanctioning the loans or creating
problems to Minorities, it should be brought to the notice of the Commission.
For taking further action. If any complaint has to made against any bank
employee, the State level bankers committee could be contacted. It is said that
this meeting was a unique one and it has no precedent in the past.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Sussex County communities awarded more than $5 million from USDA

LENGTH: 580 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Tom Carper has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Delaware&rsquo;s Congressional Delegation announced that almost $5.3
million in federal grants and loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture were
awarded to various communities in Sussex County, Delaware. Delmar, Georgetown,
and Lewes will all receive assistance from the USDA&rsquo;s Rural Development,
Community Facilities grant program.





 &ldquo;Delaware's communities have benefitted greatly from the USDA's Rural
Development's Community Facilities grants, which aim to help our small towns
provide essential services to its residents,&rdquo; said U.S. Sen. Tom Carper.
&ldquo;From patrol cars for police departments, to energy efficiency upgrades
for town buildings, these grants are important taxpayer investments that help
our smaller communities meet their needs.&rdquo;



 "This is great news for some of the quickly growing towns in Sussex County,"
said Sen. Coons. "As communities grow, so do the needs of the residents. We are
thankful to USDA Rural Development for these invaluable loans and grants. I am
confident that they will be put to good use to ensure greater public safety and
much needed support for mental health services downstate."



 &ldquo;Sussex is the fasting growing county in Delaware, which requires that
communities across the county have resources to upgrade and expand the services
they provide to their residents,&rdquo; said Congressman Carney. &ldquo;These
Rural Development grants will make a major difference in addressing those needs
and improving the lives of Delawareans throughout Sussex County.&rdquo;



 The projects awarded funding include:



     The Town of Delmar was awarded $50,000 to purchase portable/mobile radios
and to upgrade existing radios for its Police Department. The radios will enable
Delmar officers to better communicate with the State Police and State Emergency
Communications systems in both Delaware and Maryland.



     Connections Community Support Program received a $5.05 million loan to
establish a Withdrawal Management Center serving Kent and Sussex Counties. The
loan allows Connections to purchase an existing facility and upgrade the
services provided to include medical, substance abuse, and psychiatric
treatment.



     Georgetown Fire Company was awarded $25,000 to purchase portable radios for
its volunteer firefighters. The grant will enable to company to purchase enough
radios for all firefighters to communicate in an emergency.



     The Lewes Public Library was awarded $50,000 to furnish the library.



 In a separate announcement from the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service, the
Historic Lewes Farmers Market was awarded a $99,229.99 grant.  These funds will
be used to expand access to produce from local farms and to pinpoint best
practices that will help improve farmers markets across the United States.



 USDA Rural Development grants can be used to fund projects that bring housing,
community facilities, business guarantees, utilities and other services to rural
America. USDA provides technical assistance and financial backing for rural
businesses and cooperatives to create quality jobs in rural areas. Rural
Development works with low-income individuals, state, local and Indian tribal
governments, as well as private and nonprofit organizations and user-owned
cooperatives.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Tax Legislation: Bond Bills Address 501(c)(3)s, Brownfield Cleanup

                             June 26, 2001, Tuesday

By Ola Kinnander and Humberto Sanchez



Lawmakers have introduced several bond-related bills in the last couple of
weeks, including one that would exempt private-activity bonds for water and
sewage facilities from states' annual volume cap, and another that would enable
more 501(c)(3) organizations to benefit from lower-interest bank-eligible debt.

Rep. Jim Nussle, R-Iowa, and Sen. James Jeffords, I-Vt., introduced identical
bills in the House and Senate that are designed to assist those nonprofits --
typically hospitals and colleges -- that are borrowing tax-exempt proceeds
through pooled statewide bond issues.

Under current law, banks can deduct the interest costs incurred when they buy
tax-exempt debt only if the issuer sells less than $10 million annually in
tax-exempt bonds. This makes the debt more attractive for banks, which typically
lowers the interest rates for the issuer.

In those cases when a state agency pools debt for several smaller borrowers to
save them money on underwriting fees and other costs, the debt will not qualify
for bank eligibility if it exceeds $10 million, even if each 501(c)(3) borrows a
smaller portion of that.

The bill would retain a $10 million limit, but would move it from the issuer
level to the ultimate beneficiary of the bond issue. This would allow debt
bigger than $10 million to be bank-eligible, as long as each conduit borrower
receives less than that.

Nussle and Jeffords introduced identical bills a year ago in the last Congress,
but they went nowhere. To stand a chance of passage, the new bills will have to
become part of a broader tax package. However, it remains uncertain whether
another big tax measure will be seriously considered this year.

Robert Lenna, executive director of the Maine Municipal Bond Bank, said the bill
would have very practical consequences. He pointed to the approximate $30
million pooled bond issue his agency sold a few months ago on behalf of eight
small hospitals and colleges. Of the eight borrowers, six are borrowing less
than $5 million during the calendar year. If the bond bank had been able to sell
a separate bank-eligible series for these issuers -- as it could under the
legislative proposal -- those six would have saved an estimated $400,000 in
borrowing costs, Lenna said.

In a separate development on Capitol Hill, Rep. Karen Thurman, D-Fla., has
introduced a bill that would exempt from the volume cap those water and sewer
bonds sold as part of public-private partnerships.

"The bill would give interested communities that want to take an innovative
financing approach an additional tool in their funding toolbox," Thurman wrote
in a letter sent out last week. In it, she asked her colleagues to co-sponsor
her bill. "Recent examples where private equity and tax-exempt financing have
reduced construction and operating costs include Tampa Bay, Fla., and Cranston,
R.I. The use of this tool has minimized the need to raise local water and sewer
rates while expediting compliance with federal clean water and drinking water
mandates," she wrote.

Also last week, Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., introduced two bills to help local
communities and states expedite the economic redevelopment of brownfields.

The first bill creates a new program within the Commerce Department 's Economic
Development Administration. The plan would provide financial assistance -- $300
million over five years -- for projects that redevelop abandoned and possibly
contaminated industrial sites, otherwise known as brownfields. The other bill
would allow the Department of Housing and Urban Development to make existing
Brownfields Economic Development Initiative grants more easily available to
units of local government and Indian tribes by permitting HUD to make these
grants independent of economic development loan guarantees.

Currently, the grants are required to support economic development, or Section
108, loan guarantees. To be eligible for these funds, a local community or state
must pledge Community Development Block Grant funds as partial collateral for
the loan guarantee. This requirement presents a barrier to many local
communities that need assistance to revitalize brownfields, but are unable to
pledge these funds, Levin believes. This bill would allow HUD to make the grants
independent of economic development loan guarantees

The bills, co-sponsored by Sen. Jeffords, are intended to complement the
resources and liability clarifications included in brownfields legislation
approved by the full Senate in April. "Together these three bills will provide
communities with the financial assistance needed to leverage private investment
in brownfields and accelerate reuse," Levin said on the Senate floor.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 798 words

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                             June 14, 2012 Thursday

Council gives $10,000 for Levels track

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 401 words


The South Canterbury Car Club will receive $10,000 towards the cost of its
latest track resurfacing work from the Timaru District Council.

The club applied to the council for the cash to go towards its $178,000, stage
five resurfacing project at Levels Raceway.

The council has given the club $85,000 since 2004, with all but $20,000 going
towards track resurfacing. It has also had a $190,000 sport and recreation loan
for redeveloping club buildings at the track.

The club had "quite a bit in the kitty" and had already received significant
funding from council, Cr Terry Kennedy said. "We need to be sending a message
that we will not pay year after year."

Cr Steve Earnshaw, supporting the grant, said the club had a long- term
investment in its facility and there was a community benefit from its operation,
rather than it being a purely private organisation.

Cr Kennedy also jibbed at the request from Eastern Districts Swimming for $2562
towards the cost of hosting the 2012 South Island Swimming Championships at Bay
from August 31 till September 2.

"We are sending a signal, and we are well aware of the tightness of CBay
[budgets]," he said; councillors had been unwilling to give gold and community
services card users any discount.

Cr Damon Odey said it was no different from giving any other group a grant
towards the cost of hiring council facilities.

Cr Earnshaw felt it would be a sign of good faith with the swimming community to
give the grant this time, adding that was not an undertaking the council would
provide funding in the future.

Mayor Janie Annear came up with a compromise that councillors agreed to: giving
the club a $1000 grant and also providing a guarantee against loss for the
remaining $1562.

South Canterbury Hospice asked for $1500 towards the cost of its annual
fundraising ball, but instead was given $677, the cost of hiring the Caroline
Bay Hall for the event.

The council won't need to pay for the New Zealand Rollersports Championships
held in Timaru in January. The event was a financial success, and the group will
not need the $10,000 guarantee against loss the council had agreed to for the
January 2-7 event.

"We had a very successful championships; both the Timaru International Motor
Raceway and the SBS Events Centre proved ideal venues for our sport and the
support we received at both was outstanding," national president Barbara
Colville said in a letter to council.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Pete's Bill May Not Satisfy People's Idea of Health Care Reform

                             April 11, 1994, Monday

Joan Pryde

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


In one of his old comic routines, Steve Martin used to say how important names
are. A bank, for example, has to have the right kind of moniker.

"It's got to be something big and strong like, 'Security First Trust and Federal
Reserve,' " Martin said. "You have to name a bank that because nobody's going to
put their money in 'Fred's bank.' "

That bit of comedy came to mind last month during a speech Rep. Nancy Johnson,
R-Conn., gave about health care reform. Johnson kept referring to legislation
just passed by the House Ways and Means Committee's health subcommittee as
"Pete's bill."

"Pete" is Rep. Fortney "Pete" Stark, D-Calif. He is the chairman of the
subcommittee, and he introduced the bill. But calling the measure "Pete's bill"
seems odd at this point in the legislative process: Often, as a bill moves
through Congress, it ceases to be identified with its sponsor and becomes, for
example, "the subcommittee's bill," "the committee's bill," or "the House bill."

But Johnson, who is a member of the subcommittee, had a point to make in her
repeated references to "Pete's bill." Although the subcommittee approved the
measure after two weeks of tinkering and a few amendments, it was still by and
large Stark's measure.

How can that be the case? Didn't the panel have enough time to sift through the
measure and make any necessary changes? Not so, says Johnson. For one thing,
members had never seen the bill before the first day of debate on it.

"It hadn't received the (prior) scrutiny needed if you're going to change 14% of
the economy," as an overhaul of the health care system would do, said Johnson,
who was speaking to the National Conference of State Legislatures.

Another problem was that "Pete's bill" wasn't really a bill at all, but the
general description of one. Not having the precise legal wording was troubling
to Johnson.

"This was a 187-page conceptual document," she said. "One has to be concerned.
You need the legal language to see how they go about doing this."

For example, municipal market participants were surprised to find that the bill
includes a proposal to permit federally guaranteed tax-exempt bonds to be issued
for health care institutions serving urban areas with inadequate access to
medical services.

The guarantee for bonds is proposed in a section of the bill that would create
an essential community provider program. Though details are few, it appears the
program would require the federal government to offer grants to states,
localities, and health care facilities to build new facilities in the
underserved areas.

The government would also offer loans, loan guarantees, and interest rate
subsidies for health care facility projects that involve tax-exempt financing.
Under current law, such pledges of federal support amount to a federal guarantee
of tax-exempt debt.

Government and legal sources who have examined the bill were surprised that
Stark included the guarantee in his measure because Congress has steadfastedly
opposed any attempts to waive the 10-year-old legal prohibition against federal
guarantees of tax-exempt debt.

If in fact the subcommittee's bill is perceived as Stark's creation and not a
consensus document, how much credibility will it have in the full Ways and Means
panel, and beyond?

There's no firm answer to that question yet, but the signs aren't good. Rep. Dan
Rostenkowski, D-Ill., the chairman of the committee, has not embraced the bill,
and has not ruled out drafting his own measure to present to the panel. A
spokesman for the committee says Rostenkowski will be spending most of April
meeting privately with his members, trying to decide how to proceed.

But just as "Fred's bank" would fail to draw depositors, a health care reform
bill perceived as "Pete's bill" has a long way to go in drawing enough support
from the full committee to pass without substantial changes.

SECTION: VIEW FROM THE HILL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 651 words

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            October 29, 2012 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                                 CITY-D Edition

Diane Mastrull: Shedding an image, lending a paw

BYLINE: By Diane Mastrull; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 1009 words


John Grady doesn't have a dog. The president of Philadelphia Industrial
Development Corp. has resisted getting one, despite considerable begging from
his three young children.

That's not to say he doesn't see value in canines. Quite the opposite.

That's why PIDC recently guaranteed 50 percent of the $125,000 loan and line of
credit that Portia Palko secured from Valley Green Bank to move her dog-day-care
business, Central Bark, to a larger facility in Grays Ferry in July.

Not that Palko - a Central Bark franchisee since 2007, who, as a nearly lifelong
city resident, was well aware of PIDC - would even have thought to expect help
from the 54-year-old economic-development nonprofit associated with some of
Philadelphia's most ambitious building projects. Among them: the sports
stadiums, the Comcast Center, and the Navy Yard repurposing.

"This isn't industrial; this is just a small business. What are they going to do
for me?" Those were Palko's thoughts, she said, when her lawyer mentioned PIDC
as a possible source for the financing she needed to renovate the former
auto-body shop on Wharton Street, where she and her staff of 10 now tend 80 dogs
each day and about 10 overnight.

That's the sort of misimpression PIDC is out to change.

"A few years ago," Grady said, "we started to think how we can expand
small-business lending."

The answer: create a subsidiary and pursue a classification for it that is more
commonly associated with smaller nonprofits, with substantially more modest
profiles. In April, the new entity - PIDC-Regional Development Corp. - was
granted status as a community-development financial institution, or CDFI.

As such, PIDC became part of a network of nearly 1,000 entities nationwide
committed to helping small businesses gain access to capital.

As I noted in this column about a month ago, banks in this struggling economy
remain reluctant to finance small business, which is perceived as a high-risk
sector requiring substantial attention and underwriting acumen. So they have
increasingly looked to CDFIs to handle those loans. Demand has been far
outpacing supply.

Opportunity Finance Network, a Philadelphia-based conglomerate of 202 CDFIs
nationwide, recently projected a $694 million shortfall nationally in financing
capital for small businesses through the end of the year.

Grady emphasized that smaller CDFIs already frustrated over their inability to
serve more businesses need not worry about PIDC's entry into their world - and,
presumably, the competition for funds it represents.

"We've all got different territory," he said. "We're not interested in doing
$50,000 loans."

PIDC's focus range is $75,000 to $750,000, perhaps small businesses that have
outgrown what financial support microlenders - generally most CDFIs - are able
to provide.

Grady is quick to note that although PIDC's reputation has been burnished with
big-dollar development projects - its track record involves $10.5 billion in
financing and 3,000 acres of land sales - small-business lending is something
the agency has been doing throughout its history, though mostly in its core
manufacturing/industrial concentration.

CDFI status gives PIDC "a credential that commercial banking and the
philanthropy world use as a standard," Grady said, adding that those are two
funding sources his agency plans to tap now that government budgets are so
stressed.

PIDC's foray into another acronym was applauded last week by Mark Pinsky,
president and CEO of Opportunity Finance Network, to which PIDC is seeking
membership.

"The more CDFIs that exist in the area, the more impact we can make together to
create jobs, build community facilities and affordable housing, fund small
businesses, and increase access to financial products in low-wealth, low-income,
and other disadvantaged communities," Pinsky said Thursday.

At Entrepreneur Works, executive director Leslie Benoliel is already thinking of
ways to partner with PIDC, calling it "a more stable institution than many of
the financial institutions we see in terms of a consistent partner." Since its
establishment in 1989, her small CDFI has issued 350 loans ranging from $500 to
$5,000.

Partnering with other CDFIs is something Grady is exploring, he said, noting
that "we all share the same mission: How do we increase entrepreneurial
activity?" Collaboration could mean microlenders handling smaller loans for
PIDC, or even PIDC offering them financing and back-office support, he said.

Meanwhile, PIDC is trying to get a better handle on the region's small-business
needs through three pilot programs. One involves direct lending to small
businesses; another, guaranteeing loans issued by community banks (such as the
Central Bark deal); the third, providing surety bonding for small and minority
contractors.

PIDC is funding the programs itself until more is known about underwriting
challenges and other issues potential funders would want to know about, Grady
said.

Jay Goldstein, president and CEO of Valley Green, said PIDC's guarantee was
essential to Palko's getting bank financing for her dog-care business.

Although Palko, 45, had an established small business "with a real and
successful customer base" and the bank believed "she had the income to pay for a
loan," Goldstein said, because she didn't own the real estate, she didn't have
any collateral to secure the loan. "And so the PIDC guarantee program was a way
for us to feel that we had enough security to make that loan to Portia."

Goldstein said the bank was hoping to do $5 million to $10 million a year in
lending with PIDC. He has no doubt that demand will exist.

"Existing small businesses have stabilized over the last few years," he said,
"and are now reaching out to banks to help them expand." Diane Mastrull:

John Grady describes how Philadelphia Industrial Development Corp., better known
for its role in high-profile economic development projects, now is helping small
businesses. www.philly.com/business


Contact Diane Mastrull

at 215-854-2466 or dmastrull@phillynews.com,

or follow on Twitter @mastrud.


LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 11, 2012



CORRECTION:  In a story Monday about the Philadelphia Industrial Development
Corp.'s new emphasis on small-business lending, an incorrect range was given for
loans issued by Entrepreneur Works since its establishment in 1989. The range is
$500 to $25,000.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            July 25, 1991, Thursday

MASSPORT LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM COULD BECOME MODEL FOR OTHER PORTS

BYLINE: MICHAEL S. LELYVELD; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 671 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


The Massachusetts Port Authority's recent use of loan guarantees to back a
development project has set a precedent and could provide a model for financing
by other ports in the credit-strapped economy, bond rating analysts said this
week.

But ports are likely to take a wary view of loan guarantees, similar to those
used by the federal government in foreign grain sales, because it means tying up
funds without actually spending them for long periods, according to ort
officials.

Still, some rating agencies say the approach may be a viable middle path for
ports to minimize their financial risk in facilitating projects that would
otherwise go by the boards.

"If it's done the way Massport did theirs, it's something that could be done
successfully by other ports," said Ernest Perez, a vice president at Standard &
Poor's Ratings Group in New York.

"We haven't seen anything like this elsewhere," said Nancy Barbe, a vice
president at Moody's Investors Service in New York.

The Massport plan announced earlier this month includes a pledge of up to $ 10
million in Massport reserve funds as a "standby credit enhancer" for $ 40
million in 30-year bonds that will finance a long-delayed Hyatt hotel and
conference center project at Logan International Airport.

In an interview, Alden E. Raine, Massport's executive director, stressed that
the authority's role was essential to save the development, which is part of the
$ 1 billion-plus Logan Airport Modernization Project (LAMP).

In addition to paying Massport rent of some $ 700,000 a year, the hotel complex
will serve as a visual and sound barrier for a new air cargo and general
aviation area at Logan, said Mr. Raine. As such, it represented a commitment to
the community on the LAMP project.

The unique set of circumstances convinced Massport to back the plan with reserve
funds, which will probably be tied up for at least 10 years. Massport is not the
first line of defense in case of a default. A total of $ 8 million has been set
aside, including proceeds from the bond issue and equity of the developer, said
Tony Pangaro, a partner in Macomber Development Associates of Cambridge.

"Generally, we don't like to see ports going into real estate ventures. In this
case, they did it very cleverly," said Andrea Bozzo, senior vice president at
Fitch Investors Service Inc. in New York.

The bond rating agencies are uniformly cautious in saying that future use of the
loan guarantee mechanism would have to be reviewed case by case. But they also
say it entails far less risk than direct port authority investment in real
estate development.

Mr. Raine is also concerned that others may see the Massport move as an opening
for similar requests.

"We don't view it, and don't want others to view it as a precedent. The
entrepreneurialism of it, I would love to be viewed as a precedent," he said.

The issue surfaced again this week in reports of a possible Massport role in
supporting the renewal of a South Boston drydock as a future ship repair
facility. The plan of investor Arnold L. Mende, backed by Boston Mayor Ray
Flynn, would use the drydock, a neighboring steel fabricating firm and a repair
yard of General Ship Corp. to produce the huge tube sections for the city's new
harbor tunnel project.

Mr. Raine indicated that Massport will try to assist the plan but doesn't want a
repeat of the guarantee idea because it would tie up too much of the agency's
funds.

Barry Weintraub, chief financial officer of the Port Authority of New York & New
Jersey, also said that loan guarantees in general "seems like a pretty costly
way of doing it." One alternative would be to back a development with a stand-by
rental agreement to lease unused space if needed, he said.

Most credit the innovation of the Massport scheme, however.

"It's a unique way to encourage this development in a difficult economic time,"
said Joan Dougherty, a Moody's vice president.

"Would it have gone otherwise? Absolutely not," Mr. Pangaro said.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2003 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 July 29, 2003

                            ARTS CENTRE FOR IPSWICH

                              242 RENDLESHAM COURT
                                 BRAMFORD ROAD
                                    IPSWICH

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03699220

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 21, 1999

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Peter Leech, Playwright/director
     ·    Sarah Frances Sanford, Coordinator Of Community Resou


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MARK ANDREKERRIDGE


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92320 - Operation of arts facilities
92310 - Artistic and literary creation and interpretation

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2001
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2001
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 28, 2001
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 21, 2001
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/200 31/01/200         -
                                                   1         0
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         0         -
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         0         -
Stocks                                             0         0         -
Debtors                                            0         0         -
Cash                                               0         0         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         -
Other Current Assets                               0         0         -
Total Current Assets                               0         0         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         -
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/200 31/01/200         -
                                                   1         0
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         -
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         0         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         -
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          0         0         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  0         0         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         -
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         -
Shareholder Funds                                  0         0         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         0         0         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/200 31/01/200  -
                           1         0
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales                -         -  -
Cost of Sales              -         -  -
Gross Profit               -         -  -
Operating Profit           -         -  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          -         -  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit              -         -  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax           -         -  -
Dividends Payable          -         -  -
Retained Profits           -         -  -
Value Added                -         -  -
Capital Employed           0         0  -
Net Worth                  0         0  -
Working Capital            0         0  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees             -         -  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 638 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2001)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -3.10     3.50    43.27
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.99     0.47    17.75
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -7.55     0.58    11.65
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              45.15   127.39   321.43
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       22.14     4.13     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.58     1.00     1.71
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  9,149.03 13,000.0 17,750.0
                                                                   0        0
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  28,352.2 45,551.7 82,600.0
                                                          0        2        0
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  42.48    28.21    15.79



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -2                                       -
=
Year -3                                       -
=

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 0

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            December 19, 2008 Friday

SBP Governor launches Key Microfinance Sector Development Initiatives

LENGTH: 1119 words


KARACHI: Dr Shamshad Akhtar, Governor State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) Friday
launched important initiatives for the growth and development of microfinance
sector, at an event at SBP Karachi.

The event was attended by all stakeholders including donors, Presidents/CEOs of
Commercial/Microfinance Banks, and representatives of the Pakistan Microfinance
Network and Pakistan Bankers Association.

These measures are expected to ease liquidity constraints of microfinance
providers in view of the tighter liquidity conditions and sudden spike in
inflation which has severely affected the poor and marginalized segments of the
society. SBP has launched three facilities to support the microfinance sector:

These initiatives are part of the GBP 50 million 'Financial Inclusion Program'
(FIP) supported by the UK Department for International Development (DFID) and an
endowment fund worth US$ 20 million under the ADB's Improving Access to
Financial Services Program.

The Microfinance Credit Guarantee Facility is expected to increase the flow of
credit to microfinance sector. The facility aims to incentivize banks/DFIs to
channelize funds to MFBs/MFIs for on lending to low income segment of the
population. The facility will provide credit guarantees of up to 40 percent of
the funding provided by Banks/DFIs and aims to develop market and graduate poor
borrowers to mainstream financial service providers. Banks/DFIs will lend to
MFBs at the SBP policy discount rate plus 200 bps.

The funds channelized under facility to MFBs /MFIs shall be deductable from
Demand and Time Liabilities of the banks/DFIs for the purpose of SLR and CRR
calculation.

The facility will be established at State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) with the help
of the UK Government Financial Inclusion Program grant funds equivalent of up to
GBP 10 million to be used as the guarantee fund. The State Bank has issued
necessary guidelines for operationalizing the facility which were finalized
after due consultation with stakeholders.

The MCG facility is expected to help raise local currency funds for eligible
MFIs/MFBs. The loans portfolio under the guarantee scheme will be administered
by banks. The facility will also help building links between micro borrowers and
formal financial institutions. The familiarization of the bank with the client
should eventually lead to the "graduation" of the borrower.

The facility shall provide partial Guarantees to minimize the perceived risk
premium by covering part of the losses incurred on funds made available to
MFBs/MFIs with the advantage of leveraging the guarantee fund a number of times
while keeping the incentive for banks/DFIs to collect the loan. The lending of
MCG facility will help these institutions to play their role in the growth of
micro credit more effectively.

The Institutional Strengthening Fund designed to build capacity of the
microfinance sector. The fund is expected to enhance potential for growth and
create depth in outreach by improving human resource quality, service delivery
and increasing service availability to potential microfinance clients.

The fund is established at the State Bank under the UK Government's Financial
Inclusion Program that involved funds equivalent to Pound Sterling 10 million
for institutional strengthening. The fund will provide grants for capacity
building to generate on-lending resources through commercial sources, equity
investments or deposit mobilization strategy through improvement in management,
governance, internal controls and functions.

The fund will also provide grants for employing cost reduction mechanisms for
increasing outreach in rural and remote areas through product innovation,
development or use of technology. In addition, the fund will provide grants for
business development services to MFI clients or improving quality of services;
and developing capacity for transformation of MFIs into licensed microfinance
banks.

SBP has developed detailed guidelines, selection criteria and application format
for ISF. The fund will primarily focus on institutions that are already
regulated, or are in the process of seeking a license or have solid plans for
restructuring in the near future. SBP regulatory oversight will ensure
transparency and good governance practices, which will ultimately lead to
greater investment in the microfinance industry.

Moreover, ISF is capped at $1US million per year per grantee and subject to at
least 25% matching grant from the grantee. Grants may be made on an annual basis
and institutions that qualify for funding in a year may also qualify for funding
in another year subject to good performance and submission of another successful
proposal through the approved application procedure.

The Improving Access to Financial Services is also designed to enhance capacity
of the microfinance sector and promote financial literacy. The fund has been
established at the State Bank with help of an endowment of USD 20 million under
the ADB-supported "Improving Access to Financial Services Program - IAFSP". The
fund will provide benefits for and have positive impacts on rural and urban
communities, in particular the poor & the women.

These benefits are quantitative and qualitative in nature and include (i)
capacity building and training of financial services providers to promote
expansion into rural areas; product and service innovation, including savings,
remittances and Islamic financial services; adoption and integration of new
technologies and applications for improving access to financial services; (ii)
capacity building and training of Government and regulatory authorities to
support development of an inclusive financial sector and implementation of
measures under the Program; and (iii) literacy programs (financial and basic)
conducted by or on behalf of financial services providers for clients and
potential clients to improve access to financial services and the utilization of
finance.

It may also be mentioned here that in Pakistan there are about more than 30
million people living below the poverty line. Despite the consensus that
microfinance is an effective tool to alleviate poverty, the gap between demand
for and supply of financial services for the poor and marginalized segments of
population is very wide. The current microfinance outreach of 1.8 million
customers is limited to only around 5% of the potential market.

The SBP and the Government of Pakistan are committed to increasing the number of
microfinance borrowers to 3 million by the end of 2010 and 10 million by 2015 as
documented in the national Microfinance Strategy adopted in 2007. In order to
achieve the outreach target the microfinance industry would need substantial
additional funding.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                        Copyright 2008 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist (General) DEU-NY-2014-4568

LENGTH: 3195  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (General)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DEU-NY-2014-4568
SALARY RANGE:
 $47,923.00 to $62,297.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, April 02, 2014 to Friday, April 11, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
09
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Batavia, NY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 US Citizens and Nationals; no prior Federal experience is required.
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans. Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees. Rural Development
is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess the energy,
compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and will enjoy
working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our commitment is to
expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural America by
providing financial programs to support essential public facilities and services
such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency service
facilities and electric and telephone service. Rural Development offers a
friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as: a
generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave, paid
holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is being concurrently announced under Merit Promotion procedures
on NY-2013-4259.  Disabled Veterans, candidates with 3 or more years of active
duty military service, and candidates eligible for special hiring authorities
can apply to the Merit Promotion announcement if they meet criteria for the
above and include supporting documents.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional travel is required.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Background Investigation and/or fingerprint check is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Assists the Area Director in administering, processing, and servicing loans and
grants under the direct Single Family program and/or administers loan guarantees
under the Single Family Housing Guaranteed loan program.
    Analyzes, approves, and processes home-ownership loans, home improvement and
repair loans and grants, mutual self-help technical assistance grants, and
housing site loans with primary emphasis on loan making and the more complex
servicing needs of the geographical area serviced.
    Reviews applications for program loan and grants; evaluates financial
situations and credit risk factors; and approves or disapproves housing loans
and grants.
    Assists Area Director and Area Specialists in processing and servicing
Community Program loans, grants, and loan guarantees.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements be the
closing date of the announcement including the following specialized experience
and/or education, as identified by the grade level.

For the GS-09 level: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-07; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: Performs loan making and/or loan servicing duties such as
regularly examining loan applications, supporting documents, credit reports, and
maintaining servicing activities of somewhat complex loan and/or grants;
assisting higher level loan specialists by performing assigned portions of
financial credit analysis in connection with more complex loans as a way of
acquiring training and competency for more difficult loan examining and
servicing assignments. Including reviewing and passing upon applications for
agricultural, municipal and non-profit organizations, bank or mortgage loans;
servicing a loan portfolio of a bank or other loan association; performing
financial analysis of commercial concerns for investment purposes; and
appraising real estate to determine property valuation or similar work.  OR
master's or equivalent graduate degree OR 2 full years of progressively higher
level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.B. or J.D., if related.
Equivalent combination of education as described and specialized experience are
qualifying for this grade level.

NOTE:  To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the
announcement.  A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


Undergraduate and Graduate Education:  Major study - finance, business
administration, economics, accounting, insurance, engineering, mathematics,
banking and credit, law, real estate operations, statistics, or other field
related to the position, such as agriculture, agricultural economics, farm,
livestock or ranch management, or rural sociology.

o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Travel will be required.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The category rating procedure is used to rank and select eligible candidates.
Under category rating, applicants who meet basic minimum qualification
requirements established for the position and whose job related competencies
have been assessed are ranked by being placed in one of the following
categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. Preference eligibles
are listed ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category.
    You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
        Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or
grant making requirements.
        Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs servicing
requirements.
        Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.

Veterans' Preference: Preference eligibles will be listed at the top of their
assigned category, before non-preference eligibles in that category.  Preference
eligibles who have a compensable service-connected disability of 10 percent or
more (CPS, CP) are placed at the top of the Best Qualified category on the
referral list.  XP and TP preference eligibles are placed above non-preference
eligibles within their assigned category.  For additional information on
entitlement see: http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx

NOTE:  If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=56f25531-e7af-
4484-8f21-a2fd00de84b3

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:

o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must score at least well-qualified or above.
Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources
website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.

This announcement may be used to fill multiple vacancies.

HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). If you cannot apply on-line, call the number listed
under Agency Contact Information prior to the closing date to request a hard
copy of the complete application package.  Application packages will be sent to
applicant.  The completed package along with any required supporting documents
must be received in the HR Office by the closing date of the announcement.  No
extension will be granted.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

You must submit a complete Application Package, prior to 11:59, ET, on the
closing date of this announcement.  The following documents must be submitted
for your application package to be considered complete. It is your
responsibility to ensure all required documents are received within the required
timeframes. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software,
illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service, system failure or
downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss
of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) job information for which you
are applying; 2) personal information; 3) education; 4) work experience
including the work schedule and hours worked per week as well as dates of
employment; and title, series and grade if applicable; 5) supervisors phone
number and e-mail address for each work period listed and whether or not we may
contact them for reference checks; and, 6) other qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or you are substituting education for specialized experience
and/or if you are using education to meet the criteria for the quality category.
An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application; however, if selected, an
official college transcript will be required prior to entering on duty.  All
foreign education must be evaluated by an accrediting body recognized by the US
Department of Education.
    DD-214 (Member 4 Copy) if claiming Veterans' Preference. Veterans claiming
10 point preference must also submit a VA Letter and an SF-15 Application for
10-point Veteran Preference. Current Active Duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Other required documents may include:
        CTAP/ICTAP Required Documentation Reduction-In-Force: Certification of
Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed
Removal; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your
separation or the position you will be separated from.
        Worker's Compensation Separation: Agency certification of inability to
place employee AND Notification of Separation OR Separation SF-50.
        Disability Annuity Termination: Notification from OPM of disability
annuity termination AND Separation SF-50 of the last position held. Military
Reserve or National Guard Technician Special Disability Retirement Annuity under
5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456: Certification of special disability retirement annuity
from a military department or National Guard Bureau AND Separation SF-50 of the
last position held.

NOTE: If a document is resubmitted, it replaces the previous submission, which
means the previous document is no longer available to the Human Resources
Office. If you are adding to, rather than replacing a previous submission, you
must upload both the old document and the new document. Please verify that
documents you are uploading from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's staffing
system as there is a limitation to the number of documents that can be
transferred. However, once in the Agency's staffing system, you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Nancy Fitzgerald
Phone: 314-457-5565
Fax: 314-457-4461
Email: nancy.fitzgerald@stl.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
4300 Goodfellow Boulevard
St. Louis, Missouri,
63120
USA
Fax: 314-457-4461
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                  May 7, 1995

Helping farmers feed the nation

SECTION: Business Balanced view; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 557 words


IN Malaysia's rush to expand its manufacturing and commercial base, the
traditional agricultural sector seems to have fallen quiet. But
agriculture continues to be a major contributor to Malaysia's gross
domestic product and agricultural exports remain major foreign exchange
earners for the nation.

Agriculture in Malaysia operates on two scales: plantations and
smallholdings. Both require funding, although their sources of funding
might differ given the focus of individual financial institutions.

Plantations normally seek funding from major commercial banks, finance
companies and merchant banks, while smallholders tend to seek the
assistance of government development agencies, rural credit institutions
and farmers' co-operatives (see Table 1).

The difference lies not in the nature of activity or agricultural
product but the size of loans, the collaterals involved and the repayment
structure. Many quasi-government organisations and farmers' co-operatives
were established in the 1960s and 1970s to serve smallholders and help
them operate more efficiently, by grouping together, to achieve economies
of scale.

Historically, many local commercial banks began with a substantial
portion of their portfolios comprising agricultural loans. While the
scales have tipped slightly in favour of manufacturing and commercial
loans, agricultural loans still represent a significant portion of the
total. As at end 1993, commercial banks collectively extended RM4,125
million to the agricultural sector - the biggest single slice of
agricultural funding, accounting for 40.2 per cent of the total supply of
agricultural credits from all sources.

Commercial banks provide a wide range of products and services to the
agricultural sector. These range from normal overdraft facilities and
other working capital and trade financing products such as bill
discounting, bankers acceptances and inward letters of credit to long-term
syndicated loans, note issuing facilities, revolving underwriting
facilities and other corporate finance type products usually extended to
major corporations involved in the agricultural sector.

There are no specific loan products exclusively designed for the
agricultural sector. Instead, broad-based lending programmes targeted at
key socio-economic objectives, would address the needs of the agricultural
sector within its overall coverage.

For instance, loans under the Principal Guarantee Scheme of the Credit
Guarantee Corporation, have also been made available to borrowers in the
agricultural sector. Amounts extended to the agricultural sector under
this scheme at the end of 1993 are shown in Table 2.

In addition, Bank Negara administers two funds - the New Entrepreneurs
Fund and the Fund for Food - which are channelled to borrowers via the
commercial banks, whose role essentially is to process and approve the
respective loan applications.

The New Entrepreneurs Fund is a wide-ranging lending programme which
includes agriculture within its ambit. Its primary goal is to encourage
new Bumiputera entrepreneurs to venture into manufacturing, agriculture,
tourism and export-oriented industries.

Conversely, the Fund for Food is specifically designed to promote
investments in new productive capacities for primary food production.


LOAD-DATE: March 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphics (Statistics) - Table 1: Sources of agriculture credits.
Graphics (Statistics) - Table 2: Loans to agriculture.

            Copyright 1995 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              April 1, 2011 Friday
                                  All Editions

PAY NO TAXES, GET NO HELP

SECTION: Pg. A10

LENGTH: 415 words


The cold shoulder East Machias selectmen gave Washington Academy when the school
sought the town's support for a loan guarantee is a story line that has been
repeated across Maine. In this familiar scenario, the municipal government
resents the large nonprofit that pays no property taxes but relies on town
services. Town officials often also don't like to see the "institutional creep"
that happens when the nonprofit begins buying up properties, thereby making the
downtown less diverse and seemingly less commercially vibrant.

This resentment has reared its head in Castine with Maine Maritime Academy; in
Rockland with the Farnsworth Art Museum, Island Institute and Atlantic
Challenge; in Searsport with the Penobscot Marine Museum; and in college towns
such as Machias, Presque Isle and Fort Kent. In some towns, it's a health care
facility. In others, it's government buildings such as courts and bureaucratic
offices.

But if municipal officials take a broader view of their communities, they will
understand that nonprofits do not drive out private enterprise but in fact
usually help sustain it. Nonprofits such as a boarding school require a staff;
they purchase materials and services, often from within 25 miles; and they often
provide cultural and entertainment amenities such as lectures, exhibits and
sporting contests, thereby making the community more attractive to residents and
businesses.

This is not to suggest that selectmen should rubber-stamp every request that
comes from a local nonprofit. Municipal officials are elected to protect their
towns from liabilities, financial or otherwise. And nonprofit creep can begin to
eclipse the diversity of downtown, resulting in ghost-town conditions in the
off-season or during weekends.

But the case in East Machias, where there is no established downtown business
district, does not resemble those legitimate concerns. The school is seeking a
$2.9 million U.S. Department of Agriculture loan guarantee to build fine arts
and wellness centers on the campus, to install a new septic system, and to
refinance the loans on two dormitory buildings. Much of that money would flow
into Washington County and would create or sustain jobs.

Selectmen should take the broader view and realize that Washington Academy has
put the town on the map and that it generates substantial economic activity. If
they truly are worried about the dearth of property taxes, they should use the
school as a selling point to get new residents or businesses.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Bangor Daily News


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Request for Certification of Compliance-Rural Industrialization Loan and Grant
Program

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice.
Summary

The Employment and Training Administration is issuing this notice to announce
the receipt of a "Certification of Non-Relocation and Market and Capacity
Information Report" (Form 4279-2) for the following:

Applicant/Location: Mid River Terminal, LLC Osceola, Arkansas.

Principal Product/Purpose: The loan, guarantee, or grant application will be
used for a new business venture to purchase equipment, provide working capital,
fund USDA Guaranty Fees, bank origination fees, professional fees and closing
costs for an embedded material handling business at the Big River Steel Plant in
Osceola, Arkansas. The business will independently handle all off and on loading
of steel at the plant. The NAICS industry code for this enterprise is: 488999.
This U.S. industry comprises establishments primarily engaged in providing
support activities to transportation (except for air transportation; rail
transportation; water transportation; road transportation; freight
transportation arrangement; and packing and crating) Pipeline terminal
facilities, independently operated.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

All interested parties may submit comments in writing no later than September
25, 2014. Copies of adverse comments received will be forwarded to the applicant
noted above.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Address all comments concerning this notice to Anthony D. Dais, U.S. Department
of Labor, Employment and Training Administration, 200 Constitution Avenue NW.,
Room S-4231, Washington, DC 20210; or email Dais.Anthony@dol.gov; or transmit
via fax (202)693-3015 (this is not a toll-free number).
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Anthony D. Dais, at telephone number (202)693-2784 (this is not a toll-free
number).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Section 188 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act of 1972, as
established under 29 CFR part 75, authorizes the United States Department of
Agriculture to make or guarantee loans or grants to finance industrial and
business activities in rural areas. The Secretary of Labor must review the
application for financial assistance for the purpose of certifying to the
Secretary of Agriculture that the assistance is not calculated, or likely, to
result in: (a) A transfer of any employment or business activity from one area
to another by the loan applicant's business operation; or, (b) An increase in
the production of goods, materials, services, or facilities in an area where
there is not sufficient demand to employ the efficient capacity of existing
competitive enterprises unless the financial assistance will not have an adverse
impact on existing competitive enterprises in the area. The Employment and
Training Administration within the Department of Labor is responsible for the
review and certification process. Comments should address the two bases for
certification and, if possible, provide data to assist in the analysis of these
issues.

Portia Wu,

Assistant Secretary for Employment and Training, Administration, Labor.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 17, 2012 Saturday

USDA reps visit local solar farm

BYLINE: Tom Joyce, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 972 words


March 17--With gasoline prices soaring and America's energy future uncertain
overall, facilities such as Mount Airy's new solar farm represent the solution,
an agricultural official from Washington said while visiting it Friday.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development unit has become
increasingly involved in the launching of renewal-energy sources such as solar,
and the facility near the city's wastewater-treatment plant could qualify as the
"poster child" for that, she indicated.

"This is completely in line" with departmental goals, Judith Canales,
administrator for the Business and Cooperative Service of USDA Rural
Development, commented while gazing over rows of solar collectors there which
have been producing electricity since last fall.

"The project here is an example of what we are encouraging to occur throughout
the United States," Canales added of the $5 million solar farm.

"Basically, energy is a focus for USDA Rural Development now," explained Bruce
T. Pleasant, director of business and cooperative programs for that agency's
office in Raleigh, who also was part of Friday's visit.

"Solar has been one of the major types of technologies we support, but it's not
the only one," Canales said, also mentioning such sources as wind turbines.
"It's pretty diverse."

Financial Stakeholders

Canales flew in from the nation's capital Friday to visit Mayberry Solar Farm
and another alternative-energy facility at Lillington in Harnett County.

USDA Rural Development has made substantial investments in such projects --
realizing the potential they have for powering America -- with 8,000 launched in
the U.S. since 2003, Canales said. Three years ago, solar development was
greatest in the Midwest, but the Mid-Atlantic region has now become the hotbed,
due to its climate and other factors.

The development of Mayberry Solar Farm last year became a reality due to the
willingness of the federal agency to provide a $4 million loan guarantee for
financing provided by Surrey Bank & Trust. This means the government would
offset most of the loss if there was a default on the loan.

"Without the USDA guarantee, this project would not be here today," said Tom
Webb, a member of the bank's board of directors and a longtime solar-energy
advocate. Webb was also at the solar farm Friday along with other
representatives of the institution, including President Ted Ashby, and
additional bankers.

"It's producing more than was projected," Webb said of the solar farm's
electrical output, which goes right onto the Duke Energy power grid "Quite a bit
more," he added.

Another purpose for the Washington official's tour of the Mount Airy facility
Friday was to help draw attention to the way in which financial institutions
such as Surrey Bank & Trust can play a key role in exploring "additional
opportunities." She also is trying to inform people about why such investment is
important for energy production.

While that would seem to be a departure from the USDA's traditional role of
supporting agricultural production, there is a tie-in between farming and
activities such as solar energy.

"There's a lot of opportunity to add to a farming income," said Joel Olsen,
founder and managing director of O2Energies, a Charlotte-area firm that
developed Mayberry Solar Farm on two city-owned sites near the wastewater plant
which total 38 acres.

"Just look around you," Olsen told the group of about 10 people Friday while
gesturing toward an expanse of open countryside that was heavy into tobacco
production in years past. Similar to the situation in the Midwest, solar farms
provide an opportunity for former agricultural lands to have new, important
uses.

Olsen also pointed to a site on a distant hillside, near Ararat Rock Products,
where O2Energies is planning to build a much-larger solar farm later this year.

Both the location of the present farm and the one to be developed are "spoil"
sites where rock and other debris were dumped over the years as the land sat
unused. Transforming the city-owned site into a solar farm mainly involved
grading the property to allow the solar collectors to be installed.

Unlike areas in the West where empty land is the norm, solar production in this
part of the country involves energy being generated right where it's needed to
meet air-conditioning and other needs at their peak.

Olsen said the key to such alternative-energy development is the willingness of
small community banks to provide investments of private capital to "a critical
infrastructure."

"You (community banks) are our biggest partner," Canales told the banking
representatives present Friday.

Olsen said this involvement has fueled a solar energy boom in Germany. In citing
the instrumental role played by Surrey Bank & Trust, the O2 Energies official
said he was able to readily meet with high-level officers of the firm who were
receptive to the project.

"They get it," he said of community bankers. "There's not five levels of
bureaucracy to go through."

In addition to benefits to the farming and energy communities, further
development of solar technology could stimulate the manufacturing sector. Webb
pointed out that while materials for solar panels are produced in America,
including silicon mined in North Carolina, the components must be shipped to
Norway to make the collectors.

Solar technology offers promise for other employment opportunities as well,
Olsen said while a persistent sun began shining through a mass of clouds that
had been hiding it for much of the day -- as if on cue.

"Surry Community College now has its own program," he said of training
opportunities in that field.

Reach Tom Joyce at 719-1924 or tjoyce@heartlandpublications.com

___ (c)2012 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120317-NI-USDA-reps-visit-local-solar-farm-0317-20120317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2012


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                  December 13, 2001 Thursday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Ottawa inches closer to Algoma bailout

BYLINE: David Steinhart, with files from Ian Jack;dsteinhart@nationalpost.com

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST: CANADA; Pg. FP4

LENGTH: 417 words


The federal government may be prepared to bail out Algoma Steel Inc. through
loan guarantees, Brian Tobin, Canada's Industry Minister, said yesterday.

'We have not at this point said yes, but I can tell you we are giving it a good
look,' Mr. Tobin said. 'We want to be as responsive and as helpful as we can to
the community.'

Mr. Tobin said Ottawa is being asked for a $50-million loan guarantee to help
complete the restructuring of the Ste. Sault Marie, Ont.-based steelmaker. He
said the government is still conducting due diligence but hoped to have an
answer within days.

'We've got an entire community holding its breath,' he said. 'The bottom line is
we want to make sure the restructuring plan, with all of the parties in    has a
good prospect of being successful, that the company will in fact operate.'

Hap Stephen, Algoma's chief restructuring officer, said in an interview that the
company has been in discussions on loan guarantees for some time.

'We need some room    a cushion in case something happens because there's no new
investment with the restructuring,' he said. 'We'll need this to happen sometime
in early January.'

This week, Algoma was given another lease on life after company bondholders
agreed to a restructuring plan, while the steelmaker's union must still accept
the proposal, which calls for pay and benefit concessions from employees.

Following intense negotiations over the weekend, representatives of a New
York-based bondholder group accepted the steelmaker's latest survival blueprint.

Mr. Stephen said he expects the United Steelworkers of America, which represents
about 3,900 Algoma workers, to ink a collective agreement based on the newest
plan. 'We have indications that [the union] will support it,' he said. 'To them
it's critical. They want their jobs and they want to save their community.'

The latest proposal hikes the interest rate on debt payments to 11%, from 9.5%,
although the term of payback was extended to 2009 from 2005 and bondholders
won't receive their first payment for two years.

The firm currently owes more than $600-million to the group for financing a new
state-of-the-art facility.

The restructuring is designed to save $65-million next year, $53-million in 2003
and $35-million in each of the following years.

Algoma survived bankruptcy protection in 1991, emerging a year later with
majority ownership by its unions after the Ontario provincial government
orchestrated a bailout.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

                    Copyright 2001 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist NY-2014-4918

LENGTH: 3661  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:NY-2014-4918
SALARY RANGE:
 $39,179.00 to $62,297.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, July 7, 2014 to Thursday, July 17, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-07/09
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
09
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Syracuse, NY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:


This position is open to current New York Rural Development Employees Only and
USDA CTAP eligibles in the commuting area.


SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

Merit
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    1-5 Days

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

o Reviews and analyzes applications for single family home ownership program
loans; evaluates financial situations and credit risk factors; approves or
disapproves housing loans and loan guarantees.

o Reviews property appraisals, environmental studies and property inspection
reports; interviews loan applicants and borrowers; and examines construction
plans and specifications.

o Establishes terms and conditions for residential loans; prepares and reviews
closing documents.

o Performs compliance reviews to verify that lenders meet or continue to meet
program eligibility; that procedures, lending practices and reporting comply
with Federal laws, RD regulations, and prudent operating practices.

o Reviews lenders' credit packages to determine eligibility for a guarantee
based on eligible area, income, credit and job stability, adequacy of collateral
for loan, FHA appraisal guidelines, state or local guidelines as they relate to
site and building requirements, environmental assessment requirements, and Equal
Employment Opportunity (EEO)/Civil Rights compliance.

o Builds professional relationships and works closely with local government
officials, economic developers, lenders, local not for profit organizations,
community officials, realtors and local media to market RD programs and
services.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including the
following specialized experience and/or education, as identified by grade level.

For GS-07: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-06; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates a basic
knowledge of loan examining and/or servicing principles, procedures and
techniques as they apply to investigation, analysis, and evaluation of financial
factors and credit risks in relation to the granting and servicing of mortgage
loans. Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to furnishing general
information concerning loan programs, loan eligibility requirements, financial
and credit requirements; reviewing loan applications for eligibility and
financial soundness; and analyzing information provided by loan applicant and
making recommendations to a higher level loan specialist about loan eligibility.

For GS-09: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-07; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: a working
knowledge of realty, commercial, community and/or other types of technical
mortgage loans, competence in reviewing loan application packages for
commercial, bank and/or mortgage loans and taking action within delegated loan
approval authority; competence servicing a loan portfolio of a bank or loan
association; appraising single family housing real estate to determine property
valuation or similar work.


GS-07- one full year of graduate level education; OR Bachelor's degree with
Superior Academic Achievement (SAA)

GS-09 - Master's or equivalent graduate degree; OR 2 full years of progressively
higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.B. or J.D., if
related. Equivalent combination of education and experience are qualifying for
this grade level.

o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Entrance on duty is contingent upon completion of a pre-employment security
investigation. The position may require a Confidential, Secret, or Top Secret
security clearance or be subject to a Public Trust background investigation at
the time of appointment, and may be subject to reinvestigation every five years
thereafter. A favorable adjudication of the clearance or background
investigation at the time of appointment and on reinvestigations is a condition
of employment.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs loan and/ or grant
making requirements.
    Knowledge of Housing, Commercial, and Community Servicing Requirements.
    Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
    Oral Communication
    Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=86427f82-5651-
48e6-95d6-a35600b9e17a

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  Obtain and use a Government-issued charge card for business-related travel.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This is a bargaining unit designated position.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.
    If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your
DD-214 "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates
of service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of
service (Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214,
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible veterans should claim preference on
their application or resume. Applicants claiming 10-point preference must
complete Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference",
and submit the requested documentation.
    Please provide your proof of disability.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Kristen Lombardo
Phone: 3154776439
Fax: 315-477-8540
Email: kristen.lombardo@usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA- Rural Development
441 South Salina St, Suite 357, 5th Floor
Syracuse, NY,
13202
USA
Fax: 315-477-8540
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 17, 2017

                        KAMO Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                              500 South KAMO Drive
                                  Vinita 74301
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding Of Around $1.95 Billion To Improve Electric Service In
Rural Communities Across US

   Oct 11, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding to modernize and
improve the efficiency of rural electric generation and transmission systems.
The announcement includes additional support of $134m in smart grid
technologies. The $1.95 billion in loan guarantees announced are provided by
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service.The funding helps electric
utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric
infrastructure. The agency also funds energy conservation and renewable energy
projects.Tom Vilsack, agriculture secretary at USDA, said, USDA and the Obama
administration continue to make key investments in rural electric cooperatives
that will modernize service and improve reliability for rural businesses and
residential customer. Today's announcement also includes funding that will
enable rural electric cooperatives and utilities to adopt smart grid
technologies in their operation as part of the ongoing efforts to modernize
rural America's electric grid. The following is a list of rural utilities that
will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement. South Alabama Electric Cooperative will receive
$17,800,000 that will be used to build and improve 144 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $125,000 in
smart grid projects. Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation will receive
$245,000,000 that will be used to acquire Hot Spring Generating Facility, a 660
MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle electric generating plant. The funding also
covers communities in Louisiana, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas. Kirkwood Meadows
Public Utility District will receive $50,000,000 that will be used to build or
improve 40 miles of distribution and transmission line and make other system
improvements in California. The loan guarantee includes $200,000 in smart grid
projects. Eagle Valley Clean Energy, LLC will receive $40,000,000 that will be
used to partially finance a renewable generating plant with a capacity of 11.5
MW in Colorado. The plant will utilize wood biomass for fuel. Green Energy Team,
LLC will receive $72,883,000 that will be used to partially finance a renewable
generating plant with a capacity of 7.5 MW in Hawaii. The plant will utilize
wood biomass for fuel. Southern Iowa Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$10,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 106 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $135,000 in
smart grid projects and $2,043,387 for storm damage projects. SMECO Solar, LLC
will receive $14,565,000 that will be used to finance the construction of the
Herbert Farm Solar Project, a 5.5 MW renewable solar-powered generating facility
in Maryland. Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$87,160,000 that will be used to build 37 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. Federated Rural Electric Association will receive
$6,700,000 that will used to build and improve 76 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements in Minnesota and Iowa. The loan guarantee
includes $1,542,000 in smart grid projects. South Mississippi Electric Power
Association will also receive $480,000,000 that will be used to finance a 15%
share of the Kemper County Integrated Gasification combined cycle project. South
Mississippi Electric Power Association will receive $90,863,000 that will be
used to build seven miles of transmission line and four new substations and make
communications upgrades. The loan amount includes $67,228,000 in smart grid
projects. KAMO Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $154,600,000 that will be
used to finance 116 miles of new transmission line, two substations and make
other system improvements in Missouri and Oklahoma. The loan amount includes
$32,120,980 in smart grid projects. KBR Rural Public Power District will receive
$13,314,000 that will be used to build and improve 129 miles of distribution
line and nine miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements in
Nebraska . The loan amount includes $791,475 in smart grid projects. Otero
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $30,886,000 that will be used to
build and improve 200 miles of distribution line and 10 miles of transmission
line, and make other system improvements in New Mexico. The loan amount includes
$345,000 in smart grid projects. Central Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $44,973,000 that will be used to build and improve 589 miles of
distribution line and 30 miles of transmission line, and make other system
improvements in New Mexico. Delaware County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $5,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 53 miles of
distribution line, two substations and make other system improvements in New
York. The loan amount includes $50,660 in smart grid projects. Minnkota Power
Cooperative, Inc. will receive $308,700,000 that will be used to build 260 miles
of transmission line in North Dakota and Minnesota. The loan amount includes
$2,800,000 in smart grid projects. Mountrail-Williams Electric Cooperative will
receive $54,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 520 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in North Dakota and
Montana. The loan amount includes $659,800 in smart grid projects. Firelands
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $4,800,000 that will be used to build
and improve 43 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Ohio. The loan amount includes $1,122,000 in smart grid projects.Midwest
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $9,000,000 that will be used to build
and improve 115 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Ohio. The loan amount includes $288,900 in smart grid projects. San Patrico
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $16,853,000 that will be used to build
and improve 202 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Texas. The loan amount includes $2,157,754 in smart grid projects. East Texas
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $151,000,000 that will be used to
finance a 50 MW renewable generating plant. The plant will use wood biomass for
fuel. Orcas Power and Light Cooperative will receive $38,402,000 that will be
used to build and improve 109 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements in Washington. The loan amount includes $24,296,000 in smart grid
projects. Wyrulec Company will receive $4,887,000 that will be used to build and
improve 85 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Wyoming and Nebraska. The loan amount includes $155,700 in smart grid projects.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          Copyright 2017 W/D Partners
                                   Worldscope

                                 March 26, 2017

                   FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION

                               1999 K St NW Fl 4
                           WASHINGTON,  DC 20006-1118
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +1 202 872-7700
FAX: +1 202 872-7713
URL: http://www.farmermac.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: AGM
CUSIP: 313148306
SEDOL: 2363381
ISIN: US3131483063
DISCLO NUMBER: F169800000
WORLDSCOPE NUMBER: 313148306

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
OPERATING STATUS: ACTIVE
EMPLOYEES: 81

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    Lowell L. Junkins, Chairman
     ·    Dr. Myles James Watts, Vice Chairman
     ·    Timothy L. Buzby, President & Chief Executive
     ·    Robert Dale Lynch, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer &
          Treasurer
     ·    Stephen P. Mullery, Senior Vice President, Secretary & General Counsel


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac) provides a secondary
market for a range of loans made to borrowers in rural America. The Company
operates through four segments: Farm & Ranch, the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Guarantees, Rural Utilities and Institutional Credit. The
Company purchases mortgage loans on agricultural real estate and rural housing
under the Farm & Ranch line of business. Under the USDA Guarantees business,
Farmer Mac II LLC, a subsidiary of Farmer Mac, purchases agricultural, rural
development, business and industry, and community facilities loans guaranteed by
the USDA. The Company purchases and guarantees securities backed by rural
utilities loans under the Rural Utilities business. Under the Institutional
Credit line of business, Farmer Mac purchases or guarantees general obligations
of institutions approved by Farmer Mac. The Company sells its guarantees of
securities under the AgVantage brand name.
INDUSTRY TYPE: OTHER FINANCIAL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
6111 - Federal & fed.-sponsored credit
6159 - Misc. business credit institutions
WORLDSCOPE INDUSTRY GROUP:
4395 - OTHER FINANCIAL SERVICES
PRODUCTS:
FINANCIAL SERVICES

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: 12/2016




                              KEY FINANCIALS (USD)

                                  12/31/16          12/31/15          12/31/14
MARKET CAP                     603,543,446       337,380,445       331,839,138
MKT CAP - CURR                 593,953,354                 -                 -
COMMON EQTY                    438,666,000       348,758,000       341,042,000
COMMON EQTY - CURR             438,666,000                 -                 -
TOTAL ASSETS                15,593,729,000    15,497,438,000    14,254,430,000
SALES                          332,353,000       284,965,000       274,220,000
NET INCOME                      77,334,000        60,553,000        48,090,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *



                               ASSETS (000's USD)

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
CASH & SHORT TERM INVESTMENTS          265,229       1,210,084       1,363,387
CASH[B]                                265,229       1,210,084       1,363,387
RECEIVABLES(NET)                       156,238         148,409         140,472
TOTAL INVESTMENTS                   11,704,528      10,831,383       9,861,276
INVESTMNT IN ASSOCIATED COS                  0               0               0
OTHER ASSETS - TOTAL                 3,467,734       3,307,562       2,889,295
DEFERRED CHARGES                             0               0               0
OTHER TANGIBLE ASSETS                3,467,734       3,307,562       2,889,295
TOTAL INTANGIBLE OT ASSETS-NET               0               0               0
TOTAL ASSETS[O]                     15,593,729      15,497,438      14,254,430

   [B]: INCLUDES CASH EQUIVALENTS

   [O]: ADJUSTED TO EXCLUDE DEFERRED TAXES





                            LIABILITIES (000's USD)

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
TOTAL DEBT                          14,805,804      14,792,033      13,249,353
SHORT TERM DEBT & CURRENT PORT       8,440,123       9,111,461       7,353,953
LONG TERM DEBT                       6,365,681       5,680,572       5,895,400
LONG-TERM DEBT EXCL CAP LEASES       6,365,681       5,680,572       5,895,400
CAPITALIZED LEASE OBLIGATIONS                0               0               0
DEFERRED INCOME                              0               0               0
DEFERRED TAXES[B]                     (12,291)        (42,916)        (33,391)
DEFERRED TAXES - DEBIT                  12,291          42,916          33,391
OTHER LIABILITIES                      156,569         194,601         256,639
TOTAL LIABILITIES                   14,950,082      14,943,718      13,472,601

   [B]: ADJUSTED TO INCLUDE DEFERRED TAX DEBITS





                               EQUITY (000's USD)

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
NON-EQUITY RESERVES                          0               0               0
MINORITY INTEREST                          222             203         236,028
PREFERRED STOCK                        204,759         204,759         204,759
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY            438,666         348,758         341,042
COMMON STOCK                            10,539          10,687          10,937
CAPITAL SURPLUS                        118,655         117,862         113,559
REVALUATION RESERVES                         0               0               0
OTHER APPROPRIATED RESERVES             33,758        (11,019)          15,533
RETAINED EARNINGS                      275,714         231,228         201,013
ESOP GUARANTEES                              0               0               0
UNREALIZED FOREIGN EXC GAN/LOS               0               0               0
UNREALZD GAIN/LOSS ON MKTB SEC               0               0               0
TREASURY STOCK                               0               0               -
TOTAL LIABILITIES & SHAREHOLDE      15,593,729      15,497,438      14,254,430

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
NET SALES OR REVENUES                  332,353         284,965         274,220
INTEREST INCOME - TOTAL                311,900         264,823         230,574
TRUST & FID INCOME/COMM & FEES          20,468               -               -
COMMISSION & FEES                       20,468               -               -
INVESTMENT INCOME                        1,451           1,229          38,391
OTHER OPERATING INCOME                 (1,466)          18,913           5,255
COST OF GOODS SOLD (EXCL DEP)                0               0               0
INTEREST EXPENSE - TOTAL               171,626         139,016         170,720
SELLING, GENERAL & ADMINISTRAT          40,383          37,662          33,697
PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES                1,002             208         (3,166)
OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES                     0               0               0
OPERATING EXPENSES - TOTAL             213,011         176,886         201,251
OPERATING INCOME                       119,342         108,079          72,969
PRETAX EQUITY IN EARNINGS                    0               0               0
OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE - NET                  15             (1)             137
PRETAX INCOME                          119,357         108,078          73,106
INCOME TAXES                            42,057          34,239           2,824
CURRENT DOMESTIC INCOME TAX             37,954          30,247           9,803
DEFERRED DOMESTIC INC TAX                4,103           3,992         (6,979)
MINORITY INTEREST                         (34)           5,139          22,192
EQUITY IN EARNINGS                           0               0               0
AFTER TAX OTHER INCOME/EXPENSE               0         (8,147)               0
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS                      0               0               0
NET INC BEFORE EXTRA/PFD DIVS           77,334          60,553          48,090
EXTRA ITEMS & GAIN/LOSS SALE O               0               0               0
NET INCOME BEFORE PREFERRED DI          77,334          60,553          48,090
PREFERRED DIVIDEND REQUIREMENT          13,182          13,182           9,839
NET INCOME - BASIC                      64,152          47,371          38,251
NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON          64,152          47,371          38,251

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
NET INCOME/STARTING LINE                77,300          73,839          70,282
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES & INVEST           4,103           3,992         (6,979)
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                    4,103           3,992         (6,979)
TOTAL OTHER CASH FLOW                   95,137         105,523         135,554
FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS                  176,540         183,354         198,857
EXTRAORDINARY ITEMS                          0               0               0
TOTAL SOURCES                      107,468,209     105,033,101      45,388,663
TOTAL USES                         107,469,985     105,033,101      45,388,663
FUNDS-OTHER OPER ACTIVITIES             32,048           1,001        (43,805)
INCREASE/DECREASE OTH ACCRUALS           2,079           (734)         (5,417)
DECREASE/INCR OTH ASTS/LIABILT          29,969           1,735        (38,388)
NET CASH FLOW-OPERATING ACTIVS         208,588         184,355         155,052
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES                         0               0               0
ADDITIONS TO OTHER ASSETS                    0               0               0
NET ASSETS FROM ACQUISITIONS                 0               0               0
INCREASE IN INVESTMENTS              5,352,434       4,438,563       3,850,734
DECREASE IN INVESTMENTS              4,758,730       3,188,031       3,765,145
DISPOSAL OF FIXED ASSETS                     0               0               0
OTHER USE/(SOURCE) - INVESTING           (295)               1         (1,927)
OTHER USES - INVESTING                       0               1               0
OTHER SOURCES - INVESTING                  295               0           1,927
NET CASH FLOW - INVESTING              593,409       1,250,533          83,662
NET PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUE C             553           1,689         146,670
PROCEEDS FROM STOCK OPTIONS                  0               0               0
OTHER PROCEEDS FROM SALE/ISSUA             553           1,689         146,670
COM/PFD PURCHASED, RETIRED, CO           9,286         254,320               0
LONG TERM BORROWINGS               101,555,483     101,505,327      41,933,717
REDUCTION IN LONG TERM DEBT        102,084,198     100,314,620      41,495,741
CASH DIVIDENDS PAID - TOTAL             24,067          20,182          13,996
COMMON DIVIDENDS (CASH)                 24,067          20,182          13,996
OTHER SOURCE (USE) - FINANCING           1,481         (5,019)        (27,966)
OTHER SOURCES - FINANCING                1,481             396             226
OTHER USES - FINANCING                       0           5,415          28,192
NET CASH FLOW - FINANCING            (560,034)         912,875         542,684
INCREASE/DECREASE IN CASH/SHOR       (944,855)       (153,303)         614,074

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
(000's USD)                           12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
STAFF COSTS                             22,772          22,047          19,009
INTEREST EXPENSE ON DEBT               171,626         139,016         170,720
INTEREST CAPITALIZED                         0               0               0
NET INCOME - DILUTED                    64,152          47,371          38,251
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS-PRETAX               0               0               0
GAINS/LOSS ON DISPOSAL OF                   15             (1)             137
ASTS[J]
TOTAL CAPITAL                        7,009,328       6,234,292       6,677,229
EARNINGS BEF INTEREST & TAXES          290,983         247,094         243,826

   [J]: EXTRAORDINARY


(000's USD)                           12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
TOTAL INVENTORIES                            0               0               0

(000's USD)                           12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
NON-CONVERTIBLE DEBT                 6,365,681       5,680,572       5,895,400
CONVERTIBLE DEBT                             0               0               0
INTEREST PAYABLE                        49,700          47,621          48,355
EXTERNAL FINANCING                   (537,448)         938,076         584,646
GOODWILL WRITTEN OFF                         0               0               0

(000's USD)                           12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
INTEREST PAID (CASH FLOW)              110,609         108,254         171,644
TAXATION (CASH FLOW)                    29,500          31,000          12,750

(000's USD)                           12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
INTERNATIONAL ASSETS                         0               0               0
INTERNATIONAL SALES                          0               0               0
INTERNATIONAL OPERATING INCOME               0               0               0

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
FOREIGN ASSETS GROWTH                     0.00               -            0.00
FOREIGN SALES GROWTH                      0.00               -            0.00
FOREIGN INCOME GROWTH                     0.00               -            0.00
FOREIGN ASSETS % TOTAL ASSETS             0.00            0.00            0.00
FOREIGN SALES % TOTAL SALES               0.00            0.00            0.00
FOREIGN INCOME % TOTAL INCOME             0.00            0.00            0.00

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
NET SALES/REVENUES -1YR ANN GR           16.63            3.92          (8.13)
OPERATING INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL           10.42           48.12         (43.25)
NET INCOME - 1 YR ANNUAL GROWT           27.71           25.92         (36.16)
TOTAL ASSETS - 1 YR ANNUAL GRO            0.62            8.72            7.03
EQUITY - 1 YR                            25.78            2.26           24.34
EMPLOYEES - 1 YR ANNUAL GROWTH           14.08            0.00            5.97
EARNINGS PER SHARE - 1 YR                42.53           24.48         (47.49)
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE - 1 YR               62.50           14.29           16.67
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE - 1 YR              27.55            4.66           23.75
NET MARGIN - 1 YR GROWTH RATE             9.50           21.17         (30.51)

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
FOREIGN ASSETS GROWTH - 5 YR              0.00            0.00            0.00
FOREIGN SALES GROWTH - 5 YR               0.00            0.00            0.00
FOREIGN INCOME GROWTH - 5 YR              0.00            0.00            0.00
FOREIGN ASSETS % TOTAL ASSETS             0.00            0.00            0.00
FOREIGN SALES % TOT SALES -5YR            0.00            0.00            0.00
FOREIGN INCOME % TOTAL INCOME             0.00            0.00            0.00

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
TOTAL DEBT % COMMON EQUITY - 5        4,009.70        4,133.78        4,170.46
LONG TERM DEBT % COM EQTY 5 YR        1,688.52        1,720.12        1,776.72
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL CAP - 5 YR            95.49           95.29           94.87
LONG TERM DEBT % TOT CAP-5 YR            89.97           89.43           88.75
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI            2.40            3.43            4.67
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL - 5 YR             5.37            5.22            5.02
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            2.26            1.92            1.56
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL ASSETS - 5            93.98           92.15           89.83
COMMON EQUITY % TOTAL ASSETS -            2.37            2.24            2.16
TOTAL CAPITAL % ASSETS - 5 YR            44.09           42.94           43.16
INVESTED ASSETS %  ASSETS - 5            76.02           79.35           83.34
INVESTED ASSETS%LIABILITIES-5Y           79.56           83.14           87.57
DIVIDEND PAYOUT (% EARNINGS) -           26.53           22.51           15.96
FIXED CHG COVER RATIO - 5 YR              1.57            1.52            1.49
CASH DIV COVER RATIO - 5 YR              16.79           20.76         (29.85)
OPERATING CASH/FIXED CHGS-5YR             1.12            1.00            0.10

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
RETURN ON EQUITY -TOTAL-5 YR             16.75           14.76           14.79
RETURN ON EQUITY-PER SHARE-5YR           16.17           14.18           14.25
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/SHR 5Y           14.14           12.52           12.73
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/TOT 5Y           12.58           11.62           12.57
RETURN ON ASSETS - 5 YR AVG               1.16            1.13            1.24
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL - 5            1.19            1.18            1.31
CASH EARN RET ON EQTY - 5 YR             57.38           53.59         (19.91)
CASH FLOW/SALES - 5 YR AVG               61.53           54.56            3.87
SELL, GEN & ADM /SALES 5YR AVG           11.75           11.12           10.42
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN - 5 YR           35.31           30.45           28.56
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL            1.75            1.56            1.72
PRETAX MARGIN - 5 YR AVG                 35.10           30.82           28.26
TAX RATE - 5 YR AVG                      24.16           19.71           17.52
INTEREST RATE - 5 YR AVG                  1.14            1.21            1.38
NET MARGIN - 5 YR                        20.64           17.07           14.80
EARN ASSETS % ASSETS - 5 YR AV           76.02           79.35           83.34
SALES PER EMPLOYEE - 5 YR AVG     4,205,095.66    4,376,732.26    4,485,469.13

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
ASSETS PER EMPLOYEE - 5 YR AVG  201,500,165.03  201,331,027.23  190,315,527.48
TOTAL ASSET TURNOVER - 5 YR AV            0.02            0.02            0.02
INVESTED ASSETS %  ASSETS - 5            76.02           79.35           83.34
CAPITAL EXEDT%TOT ASSETS-5YAVG            0.00            0.00            0.00
CAPITAL EXPED%TOTAL SALES-5YAV            0.00            0.00            0.00

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
NET SALES/REVS -5YR ANN GROWTH            1.56            1.52            9.46
OPERATING INCOME - 5 YR ANNUAL           27.26            7.51         (14.11)
NET INCOME - 5 YR ANNUAL GROWT           35.93           18.23         (13.55)
TOTAL ASSETS - 5 YR ANNUAL GRO            5.58           10.36           18.44
EQUITY - 5 YR ANNUAL GROWTH              11.45           14.21           19.73
EMPLOYEES - 5 YR ANNUAL GROWTH            5.49            4.13            6.02
EARNINGS PER SHARE - 5 YR ANNU           36.07           15.03         (15.99)
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE - 5 YR ANN           39.06           26.19           22.87
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE - 5 YR AN           11.25           13.52           18.05
NET MARGIN - 5 YR GROWTH RATE            33.84           16.47         (21.02)

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
TOTAL DEBT % COMMON EQUITY            3,375.19        4,241.35        3,884.96
TOTAL ASSETS/COMMON EQUITY               35.55           44.44           41.80
LONG TERM DEBT % COMMON EQUITY        1,451.15        1,628.80        1,728.64
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL/STD           95.83           96.39           94.43
LONG TERM DEBT % TOTAL CAPITAL           90.82           91.12           88.29
MINORITY INTEREST % TOTAL CAPI            0.00            0.00            3.53
EQUITY % TOTAL CAPITAL                    6.26            5.59            5.11
PREFERRED STOCK % TOTAL CAPITA            2.92            3.28            3.07
TOTAL DEBT % TOTAL ASSETS                94.95           95.45           92.95
COMMON EQTY % TOTAL ASSETS                2.81            2.25            2.39
TOTAL CAPITAL % ASSETS                   44.95           40.23           46.84
INVESTED ASSETS % ASSETS                 75.06           69.89           69.18
INVESTED ASSETS % LIABILITIES            78.29           72.48           73.20
DIVIDEND PAYOUT (% EARNINGS)             37.52           42.60           36.59
FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO               1.52            1.55            1.31
CASH DIVIDEND COVERAGE RATIO              7.34            9.09           14.21
OPERATING CASH/FIXED CHARGES              0.92            1.15            1.07
EBIT/INTEREST EXPENSE                     1.70            1.78            1.43

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
RETURN ON EQUITY - TOTAL (%)             16.29           13.73           12.43
RETURN ON EQUITY - PER SHARE             16.08           13.13           11.94
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/SHR 1Y           13.28           11.12            9.95
REINVESTMENT RATE (EEG)/TOT 1Y           10.18            7.88            7.88
RETURN ON ASSETS                          1.22            1.01            1.15
RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL                1.23            1.03            1.17
CASH EARNS RETURN ON EQUITY              44.84           53.16           64.63
CASH FLOW/SALES                          53.12           64.34           72.52
COST OF GOODS SOLD/SALES                  0.00            0.00            0.00
SELLING, GENERAL & ADM / SALES           12.15           13.22           12.29
OPERATING PROFIT MARGIN                  35.91           37.93           26.61
OPERATING INCOME/TOTAL CAPITAL            1.80            1.67            1.17
PRETAX MARGIN                            35.91           37.93           26.66
TAX RATE                                 35.24           31.68            3.86
INTEREST RATE                             1.16            0.94            1.29
NET MARGIN                               23.27           21.25           17.54
EARN ASSETS % ASSETS                     75.06           69.89           69.18
SALES PER EMPLOYEE                4,103,123.46    4,013,591.55    3,862,253.52

                                      12/31/16        12/31/15        12/31/14
ASSETS PER EMPLOYEE             192,515,172.84  218,273,774.65  200,766,619.72
TOTAL ASSET TURNOVER                      0.02            0.02            0.02
INVESTED ASSETS % ASSETS                 75.06           69.89           69.18
CAPITAL EXPENDT % TOTAL ASSETS            0.00            0.00            0.00
CAPITAL EXPENDT % TOTAL SALES             0.00            0.00            0.00

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Class C
EXCHANGE: NEW YORK
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: 10,538,562
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 2,379
SHAREHOLDERS:

     ·    DIRECTORS' INTERESTS (including OFFICERS') in the Company at
          15-Apr-2010: BENEFICIAL: 814,078 Class C Common. OPTIONS: 587,236.


EPS: USD 5.97
DIVIDEND PER SHARE: USD 1.14

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PriceWaterhouseCoopers
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
USD 1,559,800
Unqualified





                              2016 (Thousands USD)

                      SALES  OPTG INCOME       ASSETS      CAP EXP       DEPREC
UNITED STATES       332,353      290,968 15,593,729[C            0            -
                                                    ]

   [C]: ADJUSTED TO EXCLUDE DEFERRED TAXES






                              2016 (Thousands USD)

                      SALES  OPTG INCOME       ASSETS      CAP EXP       DEPREC
INSTITUTIONAL        48,756    43,598[A] 6,008,574[C]            -            -
CREDIT
FARM & RANCH         47,219    39,261[A]    3,582,098            -            -
USDA                 21,865    15,542[A]    2,096,503            -            -
GUARANTEES
RURAL                11,739     9,206[A]    1,012,014            -            -
UTILITIES
CORPORATE            10,695   (4,188)[A]    2,906,831            -            -
RECONCILING               0       15,938            0            -            -
ADJUSTMENTS[A]

   [A]: REFLECTS PRETAX INCOME

   [C]: ADJUSTED TO EXCLUDE DEFERRED TAXES


ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/16
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/15
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)
ACCOUNTING PRACTICES FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING 12/31/14
ACCOUNTING METHOD FOR LONG TERM INVESTMENT >50%: All subsidiaries are
consolidated
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOLLOWED: US standards (GAAP)

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2017


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 1, 1993, Thursday

Teamwork raising a stadium Chattahoochee High field of dreams nears reality

BYLINE: By Nichell J. Taylor STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section H; Page 9

LENGTH: 564 words


Officials, faculty members and parents of students at Chattahoochee High School
in Alpharetta simply would not wait four years.

They wanted the Taylor Road school, which opened in 1991, to have its own
stadium as soon as possible. In September, if construction remains on schedule,
that's what they'll get.

About 200 supporters from the Chattahoochee High School community recently
celebrated the end of a six-month rally to expedite building the 4,000-seat
venue during a groundbreaking ceremony held at the school.

The Fulton County school board earmarked funds last year for the completion of
the school's stadium in 1997. In January, however, with approval from the board,
the Chattahoochee Cougar Foundation, a permanent organization working to enhance
facilities at the school, sought to shorten the time line by spearheading a
fund-raising campaign: selling bricks at $ 35 apiece. The bricks will be
engraved with the names of purchasers and displayed on the wall of the new
stadium.

Within three weeks, about 2,000 students, parents and faculty members in the
high school's cluster had bought nearly $ 65,000 worth of bricks. In addition,
eight couples from the Chattahoochee High community stepped forward to
personally guarantee about $ 100,000 each of the $ 850,000 loan provided by
Northside Bank.

Money raised from the brick sale paid the first year's loan interest. The school
board, which is handling the construction contract, will pay the loan principal
when stadium funds become available in 1997, said William McFatter, Fulton's
associate school superintendent.

"We worked with the foundation from the very beginning," Dr. McFatter said. "It
was an excellent arrangement, and the community has to be commended on that."

The bank "looked at a number of things" in approving the loan, said Northside
Bank Vice President Greg Griggs, who attended the groundbreaking with
colleagues, including bank President James H. Powell.

"But primarily, the commitment was evident in the Chattahoochee High School
community and the Fulton County school board, which impressed us," said Mr.
Powell.

The stadium construction not only marks the end of a feverish rally, but also
signals the beginning of greater community involvement in the school for years
to come, school officials say.

"We'd like to have the stadium be a focal point in the community," said
Chattahoochee High Principal Robert Burke. "This was a terrific first project
for the foundation that was successful and really caused students and parents to
think about the school."

The school is in need of several major facilities, including an auditorium and a
softball field, but "We realized we couldn't get everything at once," said
foundation president Harry Gregory, father of 14-and 16-year-old sons who attend
the school. The foundation is made up of 15 board members, including Atlanta
Braves pitcher Tom Glavine and Atlanta Falcons offensive tackle Mike Kenn, who
were instrumental during the brick sale.

For students, the stadium will help Chattahoochee High further establish its own
identity. For example, graduation ceremonies no longer will have to be held at
Georgia State University.

"We've struggled being a new school," said rising senior and quarterback Douglas
Dumont, 17. "It will finally let us have our own traditions and play in our own
stadium rather than at Roswell High."

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931840158

GRAPHIC: color photo: On the rise: Work on Chattahoochee High School's new
stadium is expected to be completed by September. / BILLY DOWNS / Staff color
photo: Putting plans in play: Landscape architect Edwin L. McLendon (left) and
Ken Leach of DWB Architects Inc. look over plans for Chattahoochee High stadium
in Alpharetta. / Billy Downs / Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 27, 2017

                                Wyrulec Company

                             3978 US Highway 26/85
                                Torrington 82240
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding Of Around $1.95 Billion To Improve Electric Service In
Rural Communities Across US

   Oct 11, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding to modernize and
improve the efficiency of rural electric generation and transmission systems.
The announcement includes additional support of $134m in smart grid
technologies. The $1.95 billion in loan guarantees announced are provided by
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service.The funding helps electric
utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric
infrastructure. The agency also funds energy conservation and renewable energy
projects.Tom Vilsack, agriculture secretary at USDA, said, USDA and the Obama
administration continue to make key investments in rural electric cooperatives
that will modernize service and improve reliability for rural businesses and
residential customer. Today's announcement also includes funding that will
enable rural electric cooperatives and utilities to adopt smart grid
technologies in their operation as part of the ongoing efforts to modernize
rural America's electric grid. The following is a list of rural utilities that
will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement. South Alabama Electric Cooperative will receive
$17,800,000 that will be used to build and improve 144 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $125,000 in
smart grid projects. Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation will receive
$245,000,000 that will be used to acquire Hot Spring Generating Facility, a 660
MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle electric generating plant. The funding also
covers communities in Louisiana, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas. Kirkwood Meadows
Public Utility District will receive $50,000,000 that will be used to build or
improve 40 miles of distribution and transmission line and make other system
improvements in California. The loan guarantee includes $200,000 in smart grid
projects. Eagle Valley Clean Energy, LLC will receive $40,000,000 that will be
used to partially finance a renewable generating plant with a capacity of 11.5
MW in Colorado. The plant will utilize wood biomass for fuel. Green Energy Team,
LLC will receive $72,883,000 that will be used to partially finance a renewable
generating plant with a capacity of 7.5 MW in Hawaii. The plant will utilize
wood biomass for fuel. Southern Iowa Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$10,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 106 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $135,000 in
smart grid projects and $2,043,387 for storm damage projects. SMECO Solar, LLC
will receive $14,565,000 that will be used to finance the construction of the
Herbert Farm Solar Project, a 5.5 MW renewable solar-powered generating facility
in Maryland. Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$87,160,000 that will be used to build 37 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. Federated Rural Electric Association will receive
$6,700,000 that will used to build and improve 76 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements in Minnesota and Iowa. The loan guarantee
includes $1,542,000 in smart grid projects. South Mississippi Electric Power
Association will also receive $480,000,000 that will be used to finance a 15%
share of the Kemper County Integrated Gasification combined cycle project. South
Mississippi Electric Power Association will receive $90,863,000 that will be
used to build seven miles of transmission line and four new substations and make
communications upgrades. The loan amount includes $67,228,000 in smart grid
projects. KAMO Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $154,600,000 that will be
used to finance 116 miles of new transmission line, two substations and make
other system improvements in Missouri and Oklahoma. The loan amount includes
$32,120,980 in smart grid projects. KBR Rural Public Power District will receive
$13,314,000 that will be used to build and improve 129 miles of distribution
line and nine miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements in
Nebraska . The loan amount includes $791,475 in smart grid projects. Otero
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $30,886,000 that will be used to
build and improve 200 miles of distribution line and 10 miles of transmission
line, and make other system improvements in New Mexico. The loan amount includes
$345,000 in smart grid projects. Central Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $44,973,000 that will be used to build and improve 589 miles of
distribution line and 30 miles of transmission line, and make other system
improvements in New Mexico. Delaware County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $5,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 53 miles of
distribution line, two substations and make other system improvements in New
York. The loan amount includes $50,660 in smart grid projects. Minnkota Power
Cooperative, Inc. will receive $308,700,000 that will be used to build 260 miles
of transmission line in North Dakota and Minnesota. The loan amount includes
$2,800,000 in smart grid projects. Mountrail-Williams Electric Cooperative will
receive $54,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 520 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in North Dakota and
Montana. The loan amount includes $659,800 in smart grid projects. Firelands
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $4,800,000 that will be used to build
and improve 43 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Ohio. The loan amount includes $1,122,000 in smart grid projects.Midwest
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $9,000,000 that will be used to build
and improve 115 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Ohio. The loan amount includes $288,900 in smart grid projects. San Patrico
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $16,853,000 that will be used to build
and improve 202 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Texas. The loan amount includes $2,157,754 in smart grid projects. East Texas
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $151,000,000 that will be used to
finance a 50 MW renewable generating plant. The plant will use wood biomass for
fuel. Orcas Power and Light Cooperative will receive $38,402,000 that will be
used to build and improve 109 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements in Washington. The loan amount includes $24,296,000 in smart grid
projects. Wyrulec Company will receive $4,887,000 that will be used to build and
improve 85 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Wyoming and Nebraska. The loan amount includes $155,700 in smart grid projects.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 6, 1980, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

HEARING NEAR ON FATE OF YOUNGSTOWN MILL

BYLINE: By AGIS SALPUKAS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 4, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 842 words

DATELINE: YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio


When attorneys for the United States Steel Corporation and for a group of local
union and community leaders meet next Wednesday in a Federal courtroom here, it
will mark the culmination of a bitter and protracted struggle.

The court will hear an antitrust suit brought by the Community Steel Corporation
that seeks to prevent U.S. Steel from disposing of its nearby McDonald and Ohio
works, which the company phased out last spring with the loss of 3,600 jobs.

A victory for U.S. Steel would mean the upholding of a basic management right to
dispose of closed facilities.  A victory for Community Steel would give the
group a chance to put together a plan that would use $111 million in Federal
loan guarantees and $23 million in equity capital from Federal grants to revive
a large part of the McDonald mills and provide employment for about 870 workers
by the fifth year of operation.

Both sides have dug in deep for the battle. U.S. Steel, for example, has turned
over the right to lease or to buy a large part of the McDonald mills to a local
investment company, Toro Enterprises Inc. Under the agreement concluded last
month, Toro has the rights to lease and operate for five years the 14-inch mill
and two other mills and an option to buy five of the finishing mills of the
McDonald works.

David Tod, the president of Toro, said in an interview that Toro had obtained
the rights without any money changing hands; U.S. Steel, however, would receive
30 percent of Toro's profits and undisclosed rental fees from the revival or the
leasing of the mills.

Stock Offering Planned

Toro has plans to raise $3 million to $4 million in equity capital, part of it
through a public stock offering, and by next spring to restart one of the mills,
the 14-inch shaping mill that is the most viable remaining part of the McDonald
works. The aim is to provide employment for 160 workers.

Mr. Tod said that, if Toro raised the required equity, U.S. Steel was committed
to spend an estimated $2 million to modify some of the equipment at the mills.
He added that the reopening of the 14-inch mill also depended on U.S. Steel
initially supplying steel from its Pittsburgh plants to enable the mill to turn
out the special shapes that are used to make truck-wheel rims.

Leaders of Community Steel see the plan to reopen the 14-inch mill as an attempt
by U.S. Steel to subvert their plan to win funding from the Economic Development
Administration of the Commerce Department for a larger revitalization program
for the mills.

Staughton Lynd, a social activist and one of the lawyers representing Community
Steel, has filed a motion with United States District Judge Thomas D. Lambros to
amend the original complaint to reflect the Toro-U.S. Steel transaction.

Conspiracy Alleged

Mr. Lynd wants to add the allegation that U.S. Steel ''has entered a
conspiracy'' with Toro ''to lease or sell a part of its facilities at
Youngstown, so dividing these facilities as to render it impossible'' for
Community Steel to revive the facility and compete with other U.S. Steel plants.

In other court papers filed in the suit, U.S. Steel's attorneys have argued that
Community Steel seeks ''to force this court to give grossly preferential
treatment to a financially worthless corporation of their own creation in a
manner that may destroy all hopes of rebuilding a functioning steel facility
from the old Youngstown works.''

In response to the proposed amendment to the Community Steel suit, Mr. Tod said:
''The idea that this is a conspiracy is hogwash.'' While conceding that U.S.
Steel has a stake in the arrangement and that Toro's plans depend in large part
on the steelmaker's willingness to spend $2 million for equipment modification,
he said that Toro would operate and manage the plant without interference from
U.S. Steel.

Daniel Roth, vice president of Toro, added in an interview that it could take
years for Community Steel to get its plan approved and that many of the major
customers would by then have found other suppliers for steel.

''Customers won't suck their thumbs for three years waiting for something to
happen,'' he added. ''They will look for their steel somewhere else.''

Community Steel's efforts, however, were given some encouragement recently. Two
key studies financed by a $50,000 grant from the Economic Development
Administration found that reopening a major part of the mill was feasible from
the standpoint of production, marketing and financing.

Still, attorneys and leaders of Community Steel maintain that, without the
14-inch mill, their plan would not be feasible and that the group could not
apply for the $100 million in loan guarantees that the development
administration has set aside for the revival of the steel industry in the
Mahoning Valley of Ohio and Pennsylvania.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photo of Youngstown Ohio

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            April 30, 2009 Thursday

N.B.'s economy is growing

BYLINE: Hon. Greg Byrne Business New Brunswick

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 924  words


I recently visited the Moncton office of an Ontario company that has made the
smart decision to expand in New Brunswick.

With help from Business New Brunswick, land title insurer First Canadian Title
recently announced its plan to hire 50 skilled workers in Moncton, building on
its current workforce of 28.

As I stood in the downtown office building that will house many of these new
workers, I was surrounded by dozens of people who already work there. These
women and men are confident, energetic and looking forward to a prosperous
future. In speaking with many of them, I heard words of hope, encouragement and
inspiration.

As Minister of Business New Brunswick, I know that good, solid jobs give New
Brunswickers the confidence they need to invest in themselves and their
communities.

As a government under the leadership of Premier Shawn Graham, we understand that
investing in opportunities for people to earn a steady paycheque is fundamental
to building a self-sufficient New Brunswick.

This is why we have made the economy, along with creating and maintaining jobs,
our top priorities.

A job gives a person the means to acquire more skills and knowledge, making them
more adaptable to the changing marketplace. This flexibility is especially
important now, as the world begins to recover from the global economic slowdown.

Our mission to create new opportunities for all New Brunswickers is clear. We
are knocking on every door and pursuing every lead that has the potential to
attract a new company or expand an existing operation in this province.

This work is paying off. In New Brunswick last year, we created nearly 1,700 new
jobs, and prevented more than 4,000 jobs from being lost during the fallout from
the world financial crisis.

In 2008-2009, the province provided New Brunswick's business community with more
than $147 million in assistance in the form of loans, loan guarantees, equity
investment, forgivable loans and other forms of financial help.

This money was invested strategically in small, medium and large companies in
virtually every sector of the economy, assisting in expansions, new startups,
productivity improvements and energy refits in every corner of our province.

We helped modernize pulp, paper and sawmills in Nackawic, St. Leonard,
Edmundston, Saint John and Kedgwick, making them more energy efficient and
productive.

Our investments helped Ganong Brothers Ltd. add 50 people to its existing
300-strong payroll and expand its candy factory in St. Stephen.

Our efforts convinced Prudential Consulting Ltd. to locate in Saint John, with
commitments to hire 50 IT experts and 100 home-based medical transcribers
throughout the province.

We worked with manufacturer Floating Pipeline Co., to buy new equipment and hire
an extra 50 people to expand its 16-member workforce in Saint John.

In March, Primus Telecommunications Canada Inc. announced plans to relocate its
entire customer contact business from Mumbai, India to Edmundston - bringing 112
jobs to northwestern New Brunswick.

Our $3 million investment in NB Growth, a program designed to support small and
medium-sized businesses through expansion and job grants, helped create and
maintain 730 jobs at 77 companies across New Brunswick. This support went well
beyond direct assistance and helped these companies leverage an additional $11
million in outside investment.

We are also helping companies get through the credit crunch, protecting jobs and
companies for when the economy rebounds.

When Canada's lending institutions slammed the doors shut on profitable New
Brunswick companies last fall, we helped pry them open again by offering loan
guarantees. We backstopped credit for companies with contracts in the hopper and
people on their payroll, saving hundreds of jobs in the process.

Our government has a balanced approach to economic development. Our aggressive
investment strategy is working and our support for local companies is making a
difference in the lives of working New Brunswickers.

We are also creating an unparalleled business climate through tax reform. Our
corporate tax rate will fall from 12 per cent to 8 per cent by 2012, the lowest
in Canada. We raised the income limit for small businesses from $400,000 to
$500,000, among the highest in Canada. We have also simplified the personal
income tax structure, creating savings for individuals and families.

These tax changes will put millions of dollars back in the pockets of working
New Brunswickers, making this province a more attractive place to live and to
earn a living.

We can build this province up one job, one contract at a time.

New Brunswickers can be confident that this government is doing everything
possible to create opportunity and eliminate barriers to growth.

We understand the connection between job creation and our goal of economic
self-reliance by 2026.

A job provides security and lifts a person out of uncertainty. It allows them to
believe in their own talent and inspires them to succeed. A person with a pay
cheque knows they have skills to sell and they know their own value.

In this way, with that kind of pride, energy and confidence, individual working
New Brunswickers can help lead this province toward self-sufficiency.

We know we can achieve this, and partnerships and investments like the ones we
have announced in the last year, deals that bring hope and opportunity for
thousands of people and their families, bring us that much closer to our goal.

The Hon. Greg Byrne is Minister of Business New Brunswick. He represents the
riding of Fredericton-Lincoln.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           February 11, 2012 Saturday

Dickinson company to be honored at White House

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 195 words


SolarBee Inc. of Dickinson will be recognized at the White House for starting a
successful business in a rural region.

"It's definitely exciting," said Joel Bleth, co-founder of SolarBee. "We're very
honored to have been invited. I'm very proud of our company and our people to
have made this happen."

The company received an invitation from the White House and U.S. Department of
Agriculture to attend the event next Friday.

SolarBee makes solar-powered machines to improve water quality. It employs about
70 people. Its machines are used in lakes, water towers and wastewater
facilities across the U.S. and in several foreign countries.

"In the past, in North Dakota we were limited by market size," Bleth said. "With
the Internet, if you have a good product you can market it nationwide and
worldwide. You can now be in rural America and be on global scale."

SolarBee received a loan guarantee through the USDA Rural Development's Business
and Industry Loan program. The guarantee allowed the company to get the bank
loans it needed to get started.

"In rural areas there's not much access to capital to start a businesses," Bleth
said. "That's what allowed SolarBee to happen."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            December 19, 2008 Friday

30m live below poverty line

BYLINE: OUR STAFF REPORTER

LENGTH: 977 words


KARACHI - The micro-credit borrowers in the country would soon have the lending
facility from the formal financial institutions under the "Microfinance Credit
Guarantee Facility" which is expected to increase the flow of credit to
microfinance sector.

Governor State Bank of Pakistan stated this on Friday while launching important
initiatives for the growth and development of microfinance sector. The event was
held at

SBP premises here on Friday.

SBP Governor Dr Shamshad Akhtar said in Pakistan there are about more than 30
million people living below the poverty line. Despite the consensus that
microfinance is an effective tool to alleviate poverty, the gap between demand
for and supply of financial services for the poor and marginalised segments of
population is very wide.

The current microfinance outreach of 1.8 million customers is limited to only
around 5pc of the potential market. The SBP and the Government of Pakistan are
committed to increasing the number of microfinance borrowers to 3 million by the
end of 2010 and 10 million by 2015 as documented in the national Microfinance
Strategy adopted in 2007.

She said to realise the growth targets of microfinance, the SBP has identified
three concurrent steps the industry needs to undergo in order to fulfil set
goals: sustainable cost-covering operating/business model; mobilise private
domestic capital; and build human resource systems.

Talking about the key features of the MCGF, she said the facility has been
designed to incentivise banks/DFIs to channelise funds to MFBs/MFIs for
on-lending to low income segment of the population. The facility would provide
credit guarantees of up to 40 percent of the funding provided by banks/DFIs and
aimed to develop market and graduate poor borrowers to mainstream financial
service providers. Banks/DFIs would lend to MFBs at the SBP policy discount rate
plus 200 bps. The funds channelised under facility to MFBs/MFIs would be
deductible from Demand and Time Liabilities of the banks/DFIs for the purpose of
SLR and CRR calculation.

She also said that the facility would be established at State Bank of Pakistan
(SBP) with the help of the UK Government Financial Inclusion Programme grant
funds equivalent of up to GBP 10 million to be used as the guarantee fund. The
State Bank had issued necessary guidelines for operationalising the facility
which were finalised after due consultation with stakeholders.

"The MCG facility is expected to help raise local currency funds for eligible
MFIs/MFBs. The loans portfolio under the guarantee scheme will be administered
by banks. The facility will also help building links between micro borrowers and
formal financial institutions. The familiarisation of the bank with the client
should eventually lead to the "graduation" of the borrower. The facility shall
provide partial guarantees to minimise the perceived risk premium by covering
part of the losses incurred on funds made available to MFBs/MFIs with the
advantage of leveraging the guarantee fund a number of times while keeping the
incentive for banks/DFIs to collect the loan. The lending of MCG facility will
help these institutions to play their role in the growth of micro credit more
effectively," she added.

"Apart from MCGF, SBP has been designed two more significant programmes titled
the Institutional Strengthening Fund and the Improving Access to Financial
Services to build capacity of the microfinance sector. The fund is expected to
enhance potential for growth and create depth in outreach by improving human
resource quality, service delivery and increasing service availability to
potential microfinance clients," she said.

Speaking about the special measures which have been taken by the central bank in
collaboration with multilateral donors, she said such initiatives were expected
to ease liquidity constraints of microfinance providers in view of the tighter
liquidity conditions and sudden spike in inflation which has severely affected
the poor and marginalised segments of the society.

"These initiatives are part of the GBP 50 million 'Financial Inclusion
Programme' (FIP) supported by the UK Department for International Development
(DFID) and an endowment fund worth $20 million under the ADB's Improving Access
to Financial Services Programme," Governor said.

The Institutional Strengthening Fund is established at the State Bank under the
UK Government's Financial Inclusion Programme that involved funds equivalent to
Pound Sterling 10 million for institutional strengthening. The fund will provide
grants for capacity building to generate on-lending resources through commercial
sources, equity investments or deposit mobilisation strategy through improvement
in management, governance, internal controls and functions.

The fund will also provide grants for employing cost reduction mechanisms for
increasing outreach in rural and remote areas through product innovation,
development or use of technology. In addition, the fund will provide grants for
business development services to MFI clients or improving quality of services,
and developing capacity for transformation of MFIs into licensed microfinance
banks," she said.

Dr Akhtar explained that the Improving Access to Financial Services was also
designed to enhance capacity of the microfinance sector and promote financial
literacy. The fund had been established at the State Bank with the help of an
endowment of $20 million under the ADB supported "Improving Access to Financial
Services Programme - IAFSP". The fund would provide benefits for and have
positive impacts on rural and urban communities, in particular the poor and the
women.

The event was attended by all stakeholders including donors, presidents/CEOs of
commercial/microfinance banks, and representatives of the Pakistan Microfinance
Network and Pakistan Bankers Association.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2008 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            March 3, 2010 Wednesday

Salim Raza prods banks to revamp lending mechanism for boosting agri. financing

SECTION: Vol. XV No. 61

LENGTH: 727  words


Syed Salim Raza, Governor State Bank of Pakistan has prodded banks to revamp and
re-structure their agri. lending mechanism through innovative products and
adoption of international best practices.

Presiding over a mid-term review meeting of the Agricultural Credit Advisory
Committee (ACAC) held at the State Bank of Pakistan, Karachi on Tuesday, Raza
said that future economic growth during next four to five years and beyond will
be led by the agriculture sector. "If we want to have sustained growth, it will
come through development of the agriculture sector. Banks must seriously think
about ways and means to increase agri. lending," he asserted.

He emphasized upon the banks to adopt group-based lending, wholesaler lending to
Micro-finance Banks (MFBs), Micro-finance Institutions (MFIs) and lending to
small & marginalized farmers, who are in majority. Banks should devise
strategies for lending to farmers in livestock, dairy, fisheries, etc. and for
developmental purpose including farm implements, water conservation and
infrastructure, he said and added that in this regard Habib Bank Ltd., National
Bank of Pakistan & Askari Bank Ltd. have made some good progress.

SBP Governor stressed that banks should establish close liaison with farmers'
associations for financial literacy & marketing of agri. loan products and for
the recovery of outstanding loans. 'Similarly, farmers' associations should also
develop close linkages with banks, provincial agriculture & extension
departments, input suppliers, agri. marketing companies, etc. and arrange
programmes to disseminate knowledge & skills to the farmers at grass root
level', he added.

Referring to several initiatives taken by the State Bank for the promotion of
agri. financing, Raza talked about launching of Pilot Project Phase II for
disbursement of agri. credit in 28 underserved districts, introduction of One
Window Operation, relief package for agri. loans in NWFP & FATA, Credit
Guarantee Scheme for small farmers for war affected areas, refinancing facility
for modernization of rice husking mills & cotton ginning factories, training
programmes for the officials of Credit Administration & Risk Management
Departments of banks, etc.

He said the State Bank is working on the development of Credit Guarantee Scheme
for small & marginalized farmers, simplification of agri. lending procedures &
turnaround time, Model Shariah compliant products for agriculture financing,
market development for agri. commodities through warehousing system and trading
at National Commodity Exchange Limited. The warehousing system will facilitate
small farmers to realise prices and avail banks' collateralize credit through
warehouse receipt.

While giving a brief overview of the sector, SBP Governor said that the
agriculture sector has shown an average growth of 4.5% in the last five years
and it provides livelihood to 66% of the population. However, banks' credit to
farmers has remained almost stagnant i.e. 42-45% of the credit requirements of
the farming community and approximately 2 million against 6.6 million farm
household being served, he pointed out. The share of agri. credit in total
banks' credit has declined from 6.8% in 2005 to 4.7% in June 2009 while the
target for agri. credit for the current fiscal year is Rs 260 billion against
estimated overall credit requirement of Rs 533 billion. Mr. Raza pointed out
that major reasons for the below par performance of banks, as far as agri.
credit is concerned, are the lack of interest, product development and human
resource problems.

Representatives from farmers' associations and other stakeholders also pointed
out various hurdles in the promotion of agri. financing. The SBP Governor asked
the banks to resolve the issues in disbursement of agri. loans to the farming
community.

Representatives from Zarai Taraqqiati Bank, National Bank and Habib Bank
informed the participants about various initiatives taken by these banks to
boost agri. credit. Representatives of commercial banks have assured the ACAC
meeting that the agri. disbursement target of Rs 260 billion for this fiscal
year would be met.

The meeting was attended, among others, by heads of commercial banks,
representatives of agriculture chambers and trade bodies, officials of relevant
federal/provincial departments, besides senior officials of the State Bank.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             March 2, 2010 Tuesday

Banks asked to revamp lending mechanism

BYLINE:  OUR STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: Vol. XXIV No. 23

LENGTH: 724  words


State Bank of Pakistan Governor Syed Salim Raza has prodded banks to revamp and
restructure their agri lending mechanism through innovative products and
adoption of international best practices.

Presiding over a mid-term review meeting of the Agricultural Credit Advisory
Committee (ACAC) held at the State Bank of Pakistan on Tuesday, Raza said that
future economic growth during next four to five years and beyond would be led by
the agriculture sector. "If we want to have sustained growth, it will come
through development of the agriculture sector. Banks must seriously think about
ways and means to increase agri lending," he asserted.

He emphasized upon the banks to adopt group-based lending, wholesaler lending to
Micro-finance Banks (MFBs), Micro-finance Institutions (MFIs) and lending to
small & marginalized farmers, who are in majority. Banks should devise
strategies for lending to farmers in livestock, dairy, fisheries, etc. and for
developmental purpose including farm implements, water conservation and
infrastructure, he said and added that in this regard Habib Bank Ltd., National
Bank of Pakistan & Askari Bank Ltd. have made some good progress.

The SBP governor stressed that banks should establish close liaison with
farmers' associations for financial literacy & marketing of agri loan products
and for the recovery of outstanding loans. 'Similarly, farmers' associations
should also develop close linkages with banks, provincial agriculture &
extension departments, input suppliers, agri marketing companies, etc. and
arrange programmes to disseminate knowledge & skills to the farmers at grass
root level', he added.

Referring to several initiatives taken by the State Bank for the promotion of
agri financing, Raza talked about launching of Pilot Project Phase II for
disbursement of agri credit in 28 underserved districts, introduction of One
Window Operation, relief package for agri. loans in NWFP & FATA, Credit
Guarantee Scheme for small farmers for war affected areas, refinancing facility
for modernization of rice husking mills & cotton ginning factories, training
programmes for the officials of Credit Administration & Risk Management
Departments of banks, etc.

He said the State Bank is working on the development of Credit Guarantee Scheme
for small & marginalized farmers, simplification of agri lending procedures &
turnaround time, Model Shariah compliant products for agriculture financing,
market development for agri commodities through warehousing system and trading
at National Commodity Exchange Limited. The warehousing system will facilitate
small farmers to realise prices and avail banks' collateralise credit through
warehouse receipt.

While giving a brief overview of the sector, the SBP governor said that the
agriculture sector has shown an average growth of 4.5% in the last five years
and it provides livelihood to 66% of the population. However, banks' credit to
farmers has remained almost stagnant i.e. 42-45% of the credit requirements of
the farming community and approximately 2 million against 6.6 million farm
household being served, he pointed out. The share of agri credit in total banks'
credit has declined from 6.8% in 2005 to 4.7% in June 2009 while the target for
agri. credit for the current fiscal year is Rs 260 billion against estimated
overall credit requirement of Rs 533 billion. Mr. Raza pointed out that major
reasons for the below par performance of banks, as far as agri. credit is
concerned, are the lack of interest, product development and human resource
problems.

Representatives from farmers' associations and other stakeholders also pointed
out various hurdles in the promotion of agri. financing. The SBP Governor asked
the banks to resolve the issues in disbursement of agri. loans to the farming
community.

Representatives from Zarai Taraqiati Bank, National Bank and Habib Bank informed
the participants about various initiatives taken by these banks to boost agri.
credit. Representatives of commercial banks have assured the ACAC meeting that
the agri. disbursement target of Rs 260 billion for this fiscal year would be
met.

The meeting was attended, among others, by heads of commercial banks,
representatives of agriculture chambers and trade bodies, officials of relevant
federal/provincial departments, besides senior officials of the State Bank.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2010 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                              May 5, 2009 Tuesday

Bringing hope and opportunities for New Brunswickers

BYLINE: Greg Byrne Minister of Business New Brunswick

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 928  words


I recently visited the Moncton office of an Ontario company that has made the
smart decision to expand in New Brunswick.

With help from Business New Brunswick, land title insurer First Canadian Title
recently announced its plan to hire 50 skilled workers in Moncton, building on
its current workforce of 28.

As I stood in the downtown office building that will house many of these new
workers, I was surrounded by dozens of people who already work there. These
women and men are confident, energetic and looking forward to a prosperous
future. In speaking with many of them, I heard words of hope, encouragement and
inspiration.

As Minister of Business New Brunswick, I know that good, solid jobs give New
Brunswickers the confidence they need to invest in themselves and their
communities.

As a government under the leadership of Premier Shawn Graham, we understand that
investing in opportunities for people to earn a steady paycheque is fundamental
to building a self-sufficient New Brunswick.

This is why we have made the economy, along with creating and maintaining jobs,
our top priorities.

A job gives a person the means to acquire more skills and knowledge, making them
more adaptable to the changing marketplace. This flexibility is especially
important now, as the world begins to recover from the global economic slowdown.

Our mission to create new opportunities for all New Brunswickers is clear. We
are knocking on every door and pursuing every lead that has the potential to
attract a new company or expand an existing operation in this province.

This work is paying off. In New Brunswick last year, we created nearly 1,700 new
jobs, and prevented more than 4,000 jobs from being lost during the fallout from
the world financial crisis.

In 2008-2009, the province provided New Brunswick's business community with
nearly $147 million in assistance in the form of loans, loan guarantees, equity
investment, forgivable loans and other forms of financial help.

This money was invested strategically in small, medium and large companies in
virtually every sector of the economy, assisting in expansions, new startups,
productivity improvements and energy refits in every corner of our province.

We helped modernize pulp, paper and sawmills in Nackawic, St. Leonard,
Edmundston, Saint John and Kedgwick, making them more energy efficient and
productive.

Our investments helped Ganong Brothers Ltd. add 50 people to its existing
300-strong payroll and expand its candy factory in St. Stephen.

Our efforts convinced Prudential Consulting Ltd. to locate in Saint John, with
commitments to hire 50 IT experts and 100 home-based medical transcribers
throughout the province.

We worked with manufacturer Floating Pipeline Co., to buy new equipment and hire
an extra 50 people to expand its 16-member workforce in Saint John.

In March, Primus Telecommunications Canada Inc announced plans to relocate its
entire customer contact business from Mumbai, India to Edmundston -- bringing
112 jobs to Northwestern New Brunswick.

Our $3 million investment in NB Growth, a program designed to support small and
medium-sized businesses through expansion and job grants, helped create and
maintain 730 jobs at 77 companies across New Brunswick. This support went well
beyond direct assistance and helped these companies leverage an additional $11
million in outside investment.

We are also helping companies get through the credit crunch, protecting jobs and
companies for when the economy rebounds.

When Canada's lending institutions slammed the doors shut on profitable New
Brunswick companies last fall, we helped pry them open again by offering loan
guarantees. We backstopped credit for companies with contracts in the hopper and
people on their payroll, saving hundreds of jobs in the process.

Our government has a balanced approach to economic development. Our aggressive
investment strategy is working and our support for local companies is making a
difference in the lives of working New Brunswickers.

We are also creating an unparalleled business climate through tax reform. Our
corporate tax rate will fall from 12 per cent to eight per cent by 2012, the
lowest in Canada. We raised the income limit for small businesses from $400, 000
to $500,000, among the highest in Canada. We have also simplified the personal
income tax structure, creating savings for individuals and families.

These tax changes will put millions of dollars back in the pockets of working
New Brunswickers, making this province a more attractive place to live and to
earn a living.

We can build this province up one job, one contract at a time.

New Brunswickers can be confident that this government is doing everything
possible to create opportunity and eliminate barriers to growth.

We understand the connection between job creation and our goal of economic
self-reliance by 2026.

A job provides security and lifts a person out of uncertainty. It allows them to
believe in their own talent and inspires them to succeed. A person with a
paycheque knows they have skills to sell and they know their own value.

In this way, with that kind of pride, energy and confidence, individual working
New Brunswickers can help lead this province toward self-sufficiency.

We know we can achieve this, and partnerships and investments like the ones we
have announced in the last year, deals that bring hope and opportunity for
thousands of people and their families, bring us that much closer to our goal.

n Greg Byrne is Minister of Business New Brunswick and represents the riding of
Fredericton-Lincoln in the provincial legislature.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      October 14, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Walton Westphalia Development Corp Announces That Its Senior, Mezzanine Lenders
have Granted 30 Day Grace Periods on Their Loans

LENGTH: 820  words


Oct. 14 -- Walton Westphalia Development Corporation (the "Corporation")
announces that the senior lender (the "Senior Lender") under its senior loan
(the "Senior Loan") and the mezzanine lender (the "Mezzanine Lender") under its
mezzanine loan (the "Mezzanine Loan") have granted 30 day grace periods from the
maturity of the Senior Loan, which is October 15, 2016, and from the maturity of
the Mezzanine Loan, which is October 21, 2016, to allow discussions between the
Corporation and the lenders to continue regarding more formal extensions of the
maturity dates of their respective loans.

The Corporation's wholly-owned United States subsidiary (the "US Sub") and
Walton Westphalia Europe, LP, being an affiliate of the Corporation and the
other co-owner of the Westphalia property ("WWE"), have borrowed money under the
Senior Loan and the Mezzanine Loan. The amount outstanding under the Senior Loan
as at September 30, 2016 was US$23,222,225 and under the Mezzanine Loan as at
September 30, 2016 was US$11,047,600.

The Corporation has requested the formal extensions of each of the Senior Loan
and the Mezzanine Loan for a period of time that will allow sufficient funds to
be raised by a third party immigrant investor fund set up under the US federal
"EB-5" program to be, as previously announced, borrowed by the Corporation to
pay off or significantly pay down those loans.

The Corporation believes that the Senior Lender and the Mezzanine Lender will
extend the loans, however there can be no assurances that they will do so or
that they will do so on terms that are acceptable to the Corporation.

In the event that the lenders do not grant extensions or grant extensions on
terms that are not acceptable to the Corporation or demand repayment of the
loans, the Corporation will be required to repay the loans. The Corporation does
not currently have sufficient cash resources to do so which will result in the
Corporation being in default on the loans. Such default would entitle the
lenders to, among other things, enforce their security on, and take possession
of, the assets of the Corporation, including the Westphalia property. Any
failure by the Corporation to repay the indebtedness under the Senior Loan
and/or Mezzanine Loan as referred to above could result in the acceleration of
the maturity date of the Corporation's debentures under the terms thereof and
permit Walton International Group (USA), Inc. to demand payment under the
USD$4.1 million subordinate loan facility that it has with the Corporation.

Walton Global Investments Ltd. ("WGI"), an affiliate of the Corporation, has
guaranteed to the Senior Lender the repayment of up to U.S$19.5 million under
the Senior Loan plus the amount of any outstanding letters of credit provided
under the Senior Loan. In addition WGI has provided completion guarantees to the
Senior Lender and the Mezzanine Lender. In the event that the Corporation
defaults under the above loans, the lenders may be entitled to enforce on those
guarantees.

The US Sub and WWE have also jointly borrowed US$1 million of subordinated debt
from an individual lender. This loan is unsecured, bears interest at 15% per
annum (compounded quarterly) and is due on December 31, 2020 provided that the
US Sub and WWE may extend this maturity date until no later than December 31,
2022. This debt is subordinated to the Senior Loan and the Mezzanine Loan and
ranks equally with the loan provided by WUSA referred to above. The proceeds of
this loan are proposed to be used for general corporate purposes.

Additional Information

The Corporation is managed by Walton Asset Management L.P. and the development
of the project is managed by Walton Development & Management (USA), Inc., both
of which are members of the Walton Group of Companies.

The Walton Group of Companies ("Walton") is a multinational real estate
investment, planning and development group concentrating on the research,
acquisition, administration, planning and development of strategically located
land in major North American growth corridors.

Walton has been in business for over 35 years and takes a long-term approach to
land planning and development. Walton's industry-leading expertise in real
estate investment, land planning and development uniquely positions Walton to
responsibly transition land into sustainable communities where people live, work
and play.

The Walton Group manages 21 active developments and administers or manages over
108,000 acres of land in North America.

Its communities are comprehensively designed in collaboration with local
residents for the benefit of community stakeholders. Its goal is to build
communities that will stand the test of time: hometowns for present and future
generations.

For more information about Walton Westphalia Development Corporation, please
visit www.sedar.com. For more information about Walton, visit Walton.com.

Source: Walton Westphalia Development Corp

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 22, 2017

                    Southern Iowa Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                                22458 Highway 2
                                Bloomfield 52537
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding Of Around $1.95 Billion To Improve Electric Service In
Rural Communities Across US

   Oct 11, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding to modernize and
improve the efficiency of rural electric generation and transmission systems.
The announcement includes additional support of $134m in smart grid
technologies. The $1.95 billion in loan guarantees announced are provided by
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service.The funding helps electric
utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric
infrastructure. The agency also funds energy conservation and renewable energy
projects.Tom Vilsack, agriculture secretary at USDA, said, USDA and the Obama
administration continue to make key investments in rural electric cooperatives
that will modernize service and improve reliability for rural businesses and
residential customer. Today's announcement also includes funding that will
enable rural electric cooperatives and utilities to adopt smart grid
technologies in their operation as part of the ongoing efforts to modernize
rural America's electric grid. The following is a list of rural utilities that
will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement. South Alabama Electric Cooperative will receive
$17,800,000 that will be used to build and improve 144 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $125,000 in
smart grid projects. Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation will receive
$245,000,000 that will be used to acquire Hot Spring Generating Facility, a 660
MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle electric generating plant. The funding also
covers communities in Louisiana, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas. Kirkwood Meadows
Public Utility District will receive $50,000,000 that will be used to build or
improve 40 miles of distribution and transmission line and make other system
improvements in California. The loan guarantee includes $200,000 in smart grid
projects. Eagle Valley Clean Energy, LLC will receive $40,000,000 that will be
used to partially finance a renewable generating plant with a capacity of 11.5
MW in Colorado. The plant will utilize wood biomass for fuel. Green Energy Team,
LLC will receive $72,883,000 that will be used to partially finance a renewable
generating plant with a capacity of 7.5 MW in Hawaii. The plant will utilize
wood biomass for fuel. Southern Iowa Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$10,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 106 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $135,000 in
smart grid projects and $2,043,387 for storm damage projects. SMECO Solar, LLC
will receive $14,565,000 that will be used to finance the construction of the
Herbert Farm Solar Project, a 5.5 MW renewable solar-powered generating facility
in Maryland. Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$87,160,000 that will be used to build 37 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. Federated Rural Electric Association will receive
$6,700,000 that will used to build and improve 76 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements in Minnesota and Iowa. The loan guarantee
includes $1,542,000 in smart grid projects. South Mississippi Electric Power
Association will also receive $480,000,000 that will be used to finance a 15%
share of the Kemper County Integrated Gasification combined cycle project. South
Mississippi Electric Power Association will receive $90,863,000 that will be
used to build seven miles of transmission line and four new substations and make
communications upgrades. The loan amount includes $67,228,000 in smart grid
projects. KAMO Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $154,600,000 that will be
used to finance 116 miles of new transmission line, two substations and make
other system improvements in Missouri and Oklahoma. The loan amount includes
$32,120,980 in smart grid projects. KBR Rural Public Power District will receive
$13,314,000 that will be used to build and improve 129 miles of distribution
line and nine miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements in
Nebraska . The loan amount includes $791,475 in smart grid projects. Otero
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $30,886,000 that will be used to
build and improve 200 miles of distribution line and 10 miles of transmission
line, and make other system improvements in New Mexico. The loan amount includes
$345,000 in smart grid projects. Central Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $44,973,000 that will be used to build and improve 589 miles of
distribution line and 30 miles of transmission line, and make other system
improvements in New Mexico. Delaware County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $5,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 53 miles of
distribution line, two substations and make other system improvements in New
York. The loan amount includes $50,660 in smart grid projects. Minnkota Power
Cooperative, Inc. will receive $308,700,000 that will be used to build 260 miles
of transmission line in North Dakota and Minnesota. The loan amount includes
$2,800,000 in smart grid projects. Mountrail-Williams Electric Cooperative will
receive $54,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 520 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in North Dakota and
Montana. The loan amount includes $659,800 in smart grid projects. Firelands
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $4,800,000 that will be used to build
and improve 43 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Ohio. The loan amount includes $1,122,000 in smart grid projects.Midwest
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $9,000,000 that will be used to build
and improve 115 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Ohio. The loan amount includes $288,900 in smart grid projects. San Patrico
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $16,853,000 that will be used to build
and improve 202 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Texas. The loan amount includes $2,157,754 in smart grid projects. East Texas
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $151,000,000 that will be used to
finance a 50 MW renewable generating plant. The plant will use wood biomass for
fuel. Orcas Power and Light Cooperative will receive $38,402,000 that will be
used to build and improve 109 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements in Washington. The loan amount includes $24,296,000 in smart grid
projects. Wyrulec Company will receive $4,887,000 that will be used to build and
improve 85 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Wyoming and Nebraska. The loan amount includes $155,700 in smart grid projects.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Key Operational Employees
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 11, 2017

                   Central Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                             1403 North 13th Street
                                 Artesia 88210
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding Of Around $1.95 Billion To Improve Electric Service In
Rural Communities Across US

   Oct 11, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding to modernize and
improve the efficiency of rural electric generation and transmission systems.
The announcement includes additional support of $134m in smart grid
technologies. The $1.95 billion in loan guarantees announced are provided by
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service.The funding helps electric
utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric
infrastructure. The agency also funds energy conservation and renewable energy
projects.Tom Vilsack, agriculture secretary at USDA, said, USDA and the Obama
administration continue to make key investments in rural electric cooperatives
that will modernize service and improve reliability for rural businesses and
residential customer. Today's announcement also includes funding that will
enable rural electric cooperatives and utilities to adopt smart grid
technologies in their operation as part of the ongoing efforts to modernize
rural America's electric grid. The following is a list of rural utilities that
will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement. South Alabama Electric Cooperative will receive
$17,800,000 that will be used to build and improve 144 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $125,000 in
smart grid projects. Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation will receive
$245,000,000 that will be used to acquire Hot Spring Generating Facility, a 660
MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle electric generating plant. The funding also
covers communities in Louisiana, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas. Kirkwood Meadows
Public Utility District will receive $50,000,000 that will be used to build or
improve 40 miles of distribution and transmission line and make other system
improvements in California. The loan guarantee includes $200,000 in smart grid
projects. Eagle Valley Clean Energy, LLC will receive $40,000,000 that will be
used to partially finance a renewable generating plant with a capacity of 11.5
MW in Colorado. The plant will utilize wood biomass for fuel. Green Energy Team,
LLC will receive $72,883,000 that will be used to partially finance a renewable
generating plant with a capacity of 7.5 MW in Hawaii. The plant will utilize
wood biomass for fuel. Southern Iowa Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$10,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 106 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $135,000 in
smart grid projects and $2,043,387 for storm damage projects. SMECO Solar, LLC
will receive $14,565,000 that will be used to finance the construction of the
Herbert Farm Solar Project, a 5.5 MW renewable solar-powered generating facility
in Maryland. Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$87,160,000 that will be used to build 37 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. Federated Rural Electric Association will receive
$6,700,000 that will used to build and improve 76 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements in Minnesota and Iowa. The loan guarantee
includes $1,542,000 in smart grid projects. South Mississippi Electric Power
Association will also receive $480,000,000 that will be used to finance a 15%
share of the Kemper County Integrated Gasification combined cycle project. South
Mississippi Electric Power Association will receive $90,863,000 that will be
used to build seven miles of transmission line and four new substations and make
communications upgrades. The loan amount includes $67,228,000 in smart grid
projects. KAMO Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $154,600,000 that will be
used to finance 116 miles of new transmission line, two substations and make
other system improvements in Missouri and Oklahoma. The loan amount includes
$32,120,980 in smart grid projects. KBR Rural Public Power District will receive
$13,314,000 that will be used to build and improve 129 miles of distribution
line and nine miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements in
Nebraska . The loan amount includes $791,475 in smart grid projects. Otero
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $30,886,000 that will be used to
build and improve 200 miles of distribution line and 10 miles of transmission
line, and make other system improvements in New Mexico. The loan amount includes
$345,000 in smart grid projects. Central Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $44,973,000 that will be used to build and improve 589 miles of
distribution line and 30 miles of transmission line, and make other system
improvements in New Mexico. Delaware County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $5,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 53 miles of
distribution line, two substations and make other system improvements in New
York. The loan amount includes $50,660 in smart grid projects. Minnkota Power
Cooperative, Inc. will receive $308,700,000 that will be used to build 260 miles
of transmission line in North Dakota and Minnesota. The loan amount includes
$2,800,000 in smart grid projects. Mountrail-Williams Electric Cooperative will
receive $54,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 520 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in North Dakota and
Montana. The loan amount includes $659,800 in smart grid projects. Firelands
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $4,800,000 that will be used to build
and improve 43 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Ohio. The loan amount includes $1,122,000 in smart grid projects.Midwest
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $9,000,000 that will be used to build
and improve 115 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Ohio. The loan amount includes $288,900 in smart grid projects. San Patrico
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $16,853,000 that will be used to build
and improve 202 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Texas. The loan amount includes $2,157,754 in smart grid projects. East Texas
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $151,000,000 that will be used to
finance a 50 MW renewable generating plant. The plant will use wood biomass for
fuel. Orcas Power and Light Cooperative will receive $38,402,000 that will be
used to build and improve 109 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements in Washington. The loan amount includes $24,296,000 in smart grid
projects. Wyrulec Company will receive $4,887,000 that will be used to build and
improve 85 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Wyoming and Nebraska. The loan amount includes $155,700 in smart grid projects.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Civic Centre fix moves ahead; RECREATION FACILITY: Council pumps cash into old
arena to help get project moving and senior governments noticing

BYLINE: Timothy Schafer, Nelson Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 714  words


The City will provide interim funding to the Nelson Regional Sports Council as
it looks for a way to complete the funding picture for Civic Centre Arena
upgrades.

City council approved a promissory interim loan in the amount of $33,340 to the
sports council for ice arena improvements this year to tie the organization over
until federal and provincial grant money comes through.

The promissory note from the City is an interim guarantee to allow the sports
council to apply for the federal recreational infrastructure grant.

Under the terms of the grant application, the sports council is required to have
two-thirds of the funding in place when they apply this month, meaning the City
would have to guarantee one-third of the project ($75,000) until a Direct Access
grant can be applied for in October.

The federal grant requires applicants to have two-thirds of their funding in
place when they apply.

"I see no problem with this at all," said Councillor Marg Stacey at the June 15
council meeting.

Nor did the rest of council. There was some deliberation as to what would happen
if the provincial portion of the project was not approved in October.

If the sports council's grant application was not approved in March 2010, the
project would not be completed in the planned timeframe, said sport council
office administrator Kim Palfenier, who attended the council meeting.

It was agreed the City would not remit any money at all in that case and the
loan would be cancelled.

"We either find another grant or we don't do the project and we give the money
back, either way you get the money back," said Palfenier.

The sports council had been promised a total of $16,660 from the Columbia Basin
Trust for the $75,000 project to replace old board ads with white boards,
replace glass and posts around the ice surface, paint the east end wall and put
in overhead lighting above the display cabinets.

The Direct Access grant would comprise one-third of the project amount, or
$25,000, to be disbursed in August of this year. The remainder would come in
March of 2010, or $33,340 (the amount of the interim loan).

The sports council had drawn up a five-year plan for the arena, including a new
Zamboni, completion of a sports museum, new signage into the Civic Centre, a new
sound system and replacement of the north roof entrance to join the arena with
the Nelson and District Community Complex.

Next year the sports council planned to begin work on obtaining funding for a
concrete floor for the facility. This drew some criticism from council.

With the arena not being regulation size, Councillor Deb Kozak wondered if the
expense of pouring a floor in the building (it currently has a sand floor)
should be delayed in favour of expanding the ice surface to regulation size.

"If we are going to take that facility into the future... before that investment
is made to pour a concrete floor, which is thousands of dollars, I think that
needs a second look," she said. "Let's make it the best it can be."

Councillor Donna Macdonald asked if the five-year plan had been approved by City
staff, since it is still a City-owned facility.

From an operating perspective all lease agreements do require approval by staff,
said city manager Kevin Cormack.

"In terms of the painting and the glass we're satisfied that needs to be done
and it is protecting the fabric of the building," he said.

The City and the sports council will sit down and discuss the future now that a
five-year plan has been written down, said City director of corporate services,
Linda Tynan.

CURLING CLUB ALSO LOOKING FOR A FEDERAL FIX

A letter of support was given by city council for the Nelson Curling Club's
application for a federal recreational infrastructure grant.

The club is proposing to install a cement floor in the curling club in order to
improve ice making and be able to host events all year round.

Their application was based on a similar project that was approved and completed
in Creston.

The total estimated project cost is $680,000 with one third funding coming from
the federal grant, and the additional funds from various other sources including
the Regional District of Central Kootenay, Columbia Basin Trust, BC Lotteries
and community fundraising.

The club was not asking the City for any direct funding for the project.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 8, 2011

Federal assistance available for victims of wildfires

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 595  words


ALBUQUERQUE<br></![CDATA[ALBUQUERQUE

</br>New Mexico families of moderate to low-income levels whose homes were
damage by recent wildfires may apply for federal funds to offset costs to
rebuild or repair their homes. communities may also apply through USDA to
replace or repair community facilities or acquire equipment for community
rehabilitation.

"We want to make sure the public knows that USDA can provide financial support
to low to moderate income homeowners who are victims of the recent wildfires. As
well, communities may apply for loan and grant funds to repair essential
community facilities and acquire equipment needed for their recovery," said USDA
Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner.

The funding is provided through USDA Rural Development's regular housing
programs. The financial support is provided as follows:

The 502 Direct Home loan mortgage program provides financial help to low to
moderate income residents to buy or build a house with no money down. The 504
Rehabilitation loan and grant program provides funds to low and very low-income
rural residents who own and occupy a home in need of repairs. The funds can be
used to improve or modernize a home, or to remove health and safety hazards.
This loan is a 1% loan that may be repaid over a 20-year period. To qualify the
homeowner must be unable to obtain affordable credit elsewhere and must have a
very low income. Very low income is defined as below 50 percent of the area
median income.

The 504 program also provides a once in a life time grant of $7,500 to
homeowners who are 62-years old or older to refurbish their homes and that does
not have to be paid back.

The grants, however, must be repaid if the property is sold in less than 3
years. Grant funds may only be used to pay for repairs and improvements result
ing in the removal of health and safety hazards. A grant/loan combination is
made if the applicant can repay part of the cost. Loans and grants can be
combined for up to $27,500 in assistance

The 502 Guaranteed Rural Housing (GRH) loan program provides a USDA guarantee to
lenders for mortgage loans to moderate income families with an affordable home
loan also with no money down.

Loan and Grant Funding is available to communities of 20,000 or less for the
building or repair of essential community facilities and the acquisition of
equipment.

Anyone seeking financial assistance through these programs should contact the
nearest Rural Development field office to set up a meeting. The offices are as
follows:

Aztec 505-425-3594 Ext. 4. Las Cruces 575-522-8775 Ext. 4.

Las Vegas 505-425-3594 Ext. 4.

Los Lunas 505-865-4643 Extension 4

Roswell 575-622-8745 Ext. 4.

Also, those applying for the 504 rehabilitation funds will be asked to bring the
following information to a meeting with Rural Development staff: Warranty deed,
verification of income, cost estimates, proof of age for grant (62 years or
older), list of debts presently being paid and account numbers and addresses of
accounts, checking and savings account numbers, photo ID, income tax records for
most recently filed income tax, property tax information.USDA Rural
Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve the
quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2011 Clovis Livestock Market News


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                               February 27, 2011
                                   E1 Edition

Huge job creation potential in housing guarantee plan

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 486 words


Thousands of low-income earners are anxiously awaiting details of how the
government's new mortgage guarantee plan will work, hoping it will mean they can
at last obtain bank finance to buy their own homes.

"It's a year since the Department of Human Settlements announced plans for a R1
billion mortgage guarantee fund to stimulate lending to low-income earners,"
says Jo Pelser, managing director of Rama Horizon Developments, which has
partnered with the Rama Community Property Association to create the
multibillion-rand Rama City development north-east of Pretoria.

"However, there has still been no clear explanation as to how this guarantee
plan will work from an individual's point of view. We think this should be a
priority now because it seems as if the plan has the potential to put thousands
of people in their own homes and give the property market an immediate boost,
and, in the process, to create hundreds of thousands of new, sustainable jobs in
the construction, manufacturing and services sectors."

The creation of the fund was first announced in the State of the Nation address
and the Budget last year, and the Department of Human Settlements went on to
explain that it was specifically intended to give the banks more confidence
about granting home loans to individuals earning between R3 500 and R9 000 a
month (or households with incomes below R15 000) - the so-called gap market.

"This market includes thousands of salary earners such as policemen, soldiers,
teachers, nurses and artisans who, until now, have mostly been shut out of the
formal property market because they earn too much to qualify for state housing
and too little to qualify for home loans from banks," says Pelser.

"So there was understandably huge interest in the recent announcement by the DHS
that the guarantee scheme was still on track - and disappointment when there was
still no information forthcoming about how potential homebuyers would qualify
for home loans backed by the guarantee fund, and where and how to apply."

Meanwhile, he says, the lack of access to home loan finance in the gap market is
causing a logjam in the whole property market. It means existing owners of
lower-priced homes cannot sell them to first-time buyers and upgrade to their
next home, and in turn the owners of medium-priced homes cannot find buyers for
their homes, and so on all the way up the scale.

"The rapid implementation of the mortgage guarantee plan has the potential to
unlock this jam and give the whole market new impetus. What is more, it has
enormous job and wealth creation potential.

"Construction is one of the most labour-intensive economic activities, and
building houses and the associated facilities to meet the pent-up demand in the
'gap' sector would create thousands of new jobs, not to mention those that would
be created to supply goods and services to residents of the new suburbs and
developments," says Pelser.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                               February 27, 2011
                                   E1 Edition

Huge job creation potential in housing guarantee plan

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 486 words


Thousands of low-income earners are anxiously awaiting details of how the
government's new mortgage guarantee plan will work, hoping it will mean they can
at last obtain bank finance to buy their own homes.

"It's a year since the Department of Human Settlements announced plans for a R1
billion mortgage guarantee fund to stimulate lending to low-income earners,"
says Jo Pelser, managing director of Rama Horizon Developments, which has
partnered with the Rama Community Property Association to create the
multibillion-rand Rama City development north-east of Pretoria.

"However, there has still been no clear explanation as to how this guarantee
plan will work from an individual's point of view. We think this should be a
priority now because it seems as if the plan has the potential to put thousands
of people in their own homes and give the property market an immediate boost,
and, in the process, to create hundreds of thousands of new, sustainable jobs in
the construction, manufacturing and services sectors."

The creation of the fund was first announced in the State of the Nation address
and the Budget last year, and the Department of Human Settlements went on to
explain that it was specifically intended to give the banks more confidence
about granting home loans to individuals earning between R3 500 and R9 000 a
month (or households with incomes below R15 000) - the so-called gap market.

"This market includes thousands of salary earners such as policemen, soldiers,
teachers, nurses and artisans who, until now, have mostly been shut out of the
formal property market because they earn too much to qualify for state housing
and too little to qualify for home loans from banks," says Pelser.

"So there was understandably huge interest in the recent announcement by the DHS
that the guarantee scheme was still on track - and disappointment when there was
still no information forthcoming about how potential homebuyers would qualify
for home loans backed by the guarantee fund, and where and how to apply."

Meanwhile, he says, the lack of access to home loan finance in the gap market is
causing a logjam in the whole property market. It means existing owners of
lower-priced homes cannot sell them to first-time buyers and upgrade to their
next home, and in turn the owners of medium-priced homes cannot find buyers for
their homes, and so on all the way up the scale.

"The rapid implementation of the mortgage guarantee plan has the potential to
unlock this jam and give the whole market new impetus. What is more, it has
enormous job and wealth creation potential.

"Construction is one of the most labour-intensive economic activities, and
building houses and the associated facilities to meet the pent-up demand in the
'gap' sector would create thousands of new jobs, not to mention those that would
be created to supply goods and services to residents of the new suburbs and
developments," says Pelser.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 10, 2015 Monday

Illinois: USDA invests in renewable energy, energy efficiency projects

LENGTH: 705  words

DATELINE: Springfield


Financial Managers Society has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $63 million in loans and grants for
264 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide that USDA is
supporting through its Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).

"This funding will have far-reaching economic and environmental impacts
nationwide, particularly in rural communities," Vilsack said. "Investing in
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects supports home-grown energy
sources, creates jobs, reduces greenhouse gas pollution and helps usher in a
more secure energy future for the nation."

These REAP projects are expected to generate and/or save 207.8 million kilowatt
hours (KWh) of energy - enough to power more than 13,600 homes for a year.

For example, Bradley Phillips, owner of A.B. Phillips & Sons Fruit Farm, is
receiving an $18,000 grant to install a photovoltaic solar system on his farm in
the village of Berlin Heights, Ohio. The system will generate nearly 13,000
kilowatt hours of electricity annually. Phillips grows apples, peaches, pears,
plums, raspberries, cherries and grapes on a farm that has been in his family
for more than a century.

Blue Sky Poultry, Inc., of Bainbridge, Ga., has been selected for a $16,094
grant to install a solar array on the roof of the poultry houses. The array is
expected to generate 36,300 kWh of electricity per year.

Stokes Farms, LLP, of Chatfield, Minn., is receiving a $19,750 grant to install
a 10 kW wind turbine. When operational, the project is expected to generate
30,000 kWh of electricity per year.

Lakeview Biodiesel, LLC will use a $3.3 million loan guarantee to help acquire a
Missouri biodiesel plant and make improvements to bring it online to produce
enough biodiesel to run approximately 16,500 vehicles annually.

In North Carolina, South Winston Farm, LLC is receiving a $4 million loan
guarantee to finance a 7 megawatt solar array system that is expected to
generate enough energy to power 994 households per year.

Funding for the projects announced today is contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the grant or loan agreement.

Here are two examples of how REAP has helped rural businesses:

In 2014, Mt. Abram, a ski area in western Maine, finished installing an
803-panel solar photovoltaic system that was financed with a $235,000 REAP
grant. Mt. Abram is the first solar-powered ski area in the state and the
second-largest solar-powered ski area in the country. The solar array will
generate 280,000 kWh in energy each year and meet about 70 percent of the
resort's power needs.
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack visited Progress Solar in North Carolina in
September 2014 to highlight a $3.4 million REAP loan guarantee the company
received to install a solar array. Today, the 46-acre farm produces enough solar
energy to power 540 average-sized homes each year.
Eligible agricultural producers and rural small businesses may use REAP funds to
make energy efficiency improvements or install renewable energy systems,
including solar, wind, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydroelectric, ocean energy, hydrogen, and geothermal.

The next application deadline for REAP grants is November 2, 2015. USDA will
issue a notice of available funding with more details on how to apply in the
coming weeks. REAP was created by the 2008 Farm Bill and was reauthorized by the
2014 Farm Bill.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA has supported more than 9,600
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide through REAP. During
this period, the Department has provided more than $291 million in grants and
$327 million in loan guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small
business owners.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 17, 2014 Saturday

Washington: USDA invests $78 M to support locally-produced food

LENGTH: 316  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Institute of Food Technologists has issued the following news release:

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that U.S. Dept. of
Agriculture (USDA) is making a $78 million investment in local and regional food
systems, including food hubs, farmers markets, aggregation and processing
facilities, distribution services, and other local food business enterprises.

"The 2014 Farm Bill has given USDA new tools, resources, and authority to
support the rural economy," said Vilsack. "Consumer demand for locally-produced
food is strong and growing, and farmers and ranchers are positioning their
businesses to meet that demand. As this sector continues to mature, we see
aggregation, processing, and distribution enterprises across the local food
supply chain growing rapidly. These historic USDA investments in support of
local food give farmers and ranchers more market opportunities, provide
consumers with more choices, and create jobs in both rural and urban
communities."

Vilsack said that $48 million in loan guarantees for local food projects is now
available through USDA's Rural Development's Business and Industry Guaranteed
Loan Program, and $30 million is available through competitive grants via the
Agricultural Marketing Service's (AMS) Farmers Market and Local Foods Promotion
Program.

The 2014 Farm Bill requires USDA to set aside at least 5% of Business and
Industry (B&I) program loan guarantees for projects that focus on local food
business enterprises. Details on how to apply for local food funding through the
B&I program are available on the Rural Development website. Applications are
accepted on a rolling basis. The B&I program has the authority to fund local
food infrastructure in urban areas as long as the project supports farm and
ranch income and expands healthy food access in underserved communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.ift.org

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday

USDA Invests $63 Million to Support 264 Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Projects Nationwide

LENGTH: 708  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Department of Agriculture  has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $63 million in loans and
grants for 264 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide that
USDA is supporting through its Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).

"This funding will have far-reaching economic and environmental impacts
nationwide, particularly in rural communities," Vilsack said. "Investing in
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects supports home-grown energy
sources, creates jobs, reduces greenhouse gas pollution and helps usher in a
more secure energy future for the nation."

These REAP projects are expected to generate and/or save 207.8 million kilowatt
hours (KWh) of energy - enough to power more than 13,600 homes for a year.

For example, Bradley Phillips, owner of A.B. Phillips & Sons Fruit Farm, is
receiving an $18,000 grant to install a photovoltaic solar system on his farm in
the village of Berlin Heights, Ohio. The system will generate nearly 13,000
kilowatt hours of electricity annually. Phillips grows apples, peaches, pears,
plums, raspberries, cherries and grapes on a farm that has been in his family
for more than a century.

Blue Sky Poultry, Inc., of Bainbridge, Ga., has been selected for a $16,094
grant to install a solar array on the roof of the poultry houses. The array is
expected to generate 36,300 kWh of electricity per year.

Stokes Farms, LLP, of Chatfield, Minn., is receiving a $19,750 grant to install
a 10 kW wind turbine. When operational, the project is expected to generate
30,000 kWh of electricity per year.

Lakeview Biodiesel, LLC will use a $3.3 million loan guarantee to help acquire a
Missouri biodiesel plant and make improvements to bring it online to produce
enough biodiesel to run approximately 16,500 vehicles annually.

In North Carolina, South Winston Farm, LLC is receiving a $4 million loan
guarantee to finance a 7 megawatt solar array system that is expected to
generate enough energy to power 994 households per year.

Funding for the projects announced today is contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the grant or loan agreement.

Here are two examples of how REAP has helped rural businesses:

In 2014, Mt. Abram, a ski area in western Maine, finished installing an
803-panel solar photovoltaic system that was financed with a $235,000 REAP
grant. Mt. Abram is the first solar-powered ski area in the state and the
second-largest solar-powered ski area in the country. The solar array will
generate 280,000 kWh in energy each year and meet about 70 percent of the
resort's power needs.
    Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack visited Progress Solar in North Carolina
in September 2014 to highlight a $3.4 million REAP loan guarantee the company
received to install a solar array. Today, the 46-acre farm produces enough solar
energy to power 540 average-sized homes each year.

Eligible agricultural producers and rural small businesses may use REAP funds to
make energy efficiency improvements or install renewable energy systems,
including solar, wind, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydroelectric, ocean energy, hydrogen, and geothermal.

The next application deadline for REAP grants is November 2, 2015. USDA will
issue a notice of available funding with more details on how to apply in the
coming weeks. REAP was created by the 2008 Farm Bill and was reauthorized by the
2014 Farm Bill.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA has supported more than 9,600
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide through REAP. During
this period, the Department has provided more than $291 million in grants and
$327 million in loan guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small
business owners.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             May 20, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Care home deal scary reminder of bad old days

BYLINE: The StarPhoenix

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 701  words


It's an inauspicious start for a government that only weeks ago opened
Saskatchewan's door wider to providing more health-related services through
private third parties, saying taxpayers wouldn't be paying a dime more for them
than they pay through the publicly run system.

No matter how Health Minister Don McMorris tries to explain that the Saskatoon
Health Region's contract with Amicus Health Care Inc. to build a 100-bed
long-term care home in Saskatoon is a good deal for taxpayers, troubling
questions remain about the deal.

Quite apart from the minister using the health region as a cat's-paw to distance
the government from the project, which is being built on the basis of an
untendered contract let by Amicus to a company headed by a generous supporter of
the Saskatchewan Party, there's little "innovative" about the arrangement, as
Mr. McMorris describes it.

Never mind that the minister tried to claim that the details were still being
worked on when in fact a memorandum of understanding had been signed in March
and shovels hit the dirt in April, this is a publicly funded project whose
eventual beneficiary will be the nominal private developer.

To all appearances, and to anyone with a memory of the state of Saskatchewan's
books over the past couple of decades, the financial arrangement between Amicus
and the government (the health region being the political puppet) has all the
earmarks of being a loan guarantee.

Despite Mr. McMorris's exhortation that, "We're not going to the bank and
signing any sort of note for Amicus," it will be interesting to see how the
provincial auditor views an arrangement that has taxpayers paying a premium of
$3,000 a day to offset the company's capital costs for the 100 beds, or about
$1.1 million a year if the $185-per-bed rate doesn't change.

And with the government on the hook for the expected 25-year mortgage Amicus, a
subsidiary of the Catholic Health Ministry of Saskatchewan, has taken out should
either party decide to terminate the deal, this arrangement is a good
old-fashioned loan guarantee of the kind that once had Saskatchewan's books in
an absolutely frightening mess.

For a cash-strapped provincial government, it might seem like a good idea to try
to fob off such funding arrangements as somehow being a unique approach to doing
the public's business via third parties, but a closer look suggests they are
hardly sound public policy.

The current system requires third parties that operate facilities to put up 35
per cent of the costs of such projects and the province the rest, with ownership
remaining with taxpayers. In this case, even though Amicus takes out the
mortgage, the loan is fully backed by taxpayers who pay a higher-than-usual fee
for the services of the facilities in order to compensate the company and the
company gets eventual ownership.

The fuss created in 2006 when St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Humboldt, which was
owned by the Saskatchewan Catholic Health Corp. but was publicly funded, decided
it would no longer perform elective tubal ligation surgeries is informative.

The hospital's board decided that the new hospital to replace St. Elizabeth's
would be turned over to the health region when 69 per cent of residents from the
surrounding 40 communities indicated they'd prefer it to be run under secular
policies.

With the new Saskatoon long-term care facility designed to include about 20
suites to accommodate couples, what will be the decision if a gay couple chooses
to apply for residency in this publicly funded facility that's owned by a
Catholic organization?

If all taxpayers including gay people are paying the mortgage and the marriage
is legal, can Amicus deny them a home?

Of course, for cash-strapped politicians whose thinking is limited to four-year
electoral cycles, that's a problem for another day and a different minister.

But public policy should be for the longer term, especially when it involves a
25-year mortgage and people's lives.

- - -

"Democracy cannot be maintained without its foundation: free public opinion and
free discussion throughout the nation of all matters affecting the state within
the limits set by the criminal code and the common law." - The Supreme Court of
Canada, 1938

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 20, 2017

                            JUBILEE COMMUNITY TRUST

                          MAES Y COED COMMUNITY CENTRE
                                JUBILEE GARDENS
                                     HEATH
                                CARDIFF CF14 1UA


TRADE ADDRESS: 20 Pantbach Road Birchgrove, Wales, CARDIFF CF14 1UA

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07816541

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 19, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Phillip James Elliot, Retired
     ·    Mrs Nicola Jane Campbell, Adult Education Co-ordinator
     ·    Ms Amanda Jayne Wooding, Solicitor
     ·    Henderson Christine Patricia, Director
     ·    Mr Darren Smart, Media
     ·    Mr Henry Giles Wright, Fitness Trainer
     ·    Mrs Margaret Lody, Retired
     ·    Mrs Claire Habberfield, Civil Servant


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrPhillip JamesElliot


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: October 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 25, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          12,391         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   4,910         -         -
Other Current Assets                          17,301         -         -
Total Current Assets                          17,301         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  17,301         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              9,915         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      9,915         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      9,915         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              9,915         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  7,386         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              7,386         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     7,386         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       7,386         0         0
Net Worth              7,386         0         0
Working Capital        7,386         -         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      0      0
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      0      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        3
Year -1  2
=        2
Year -2  6
=        7
Year -3  1
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.74         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.74         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.43         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         0         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         0         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         0         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 7,386

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2015 Saturday

Washington: USDA Invests $63 Million to Support 264 Renewable Energy and Energy
Efficiency Projects Nationwide

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $63 million in loans and
grants for 264 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide that
USDA is supporting through its Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).

"This funding will have far-reaching economic and environmental impacts
nationwide, particularly in rural communities," Vilsack said. "Investing in
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects supports home-grown energy
sources, creates jobs, reduces greenhouse gas pollution and helps usher in a
more secure energy future for the nation."

These REAP projects are expected to generate and/or save 207.8 million kilowatt
hours (KWh) of energy - enough to power more than 13,600 homes for a year.

For example, Bradley Phillips, owner of A.B. Phillips & Sons Fruit Farm, is
receiving an $18,000 grant to install a photovoltaic solar system on his farm in
the village of Berlin Heights, Ohio. The system will generate nearly 13,000
kilowatt hours of electricity annually. Phillips grows apples, peaches, pears,
plums, raspberries, cherries and grapes on a farm that has been in his family
for more than a century.

Blue Sky Poultry, Inc., of Bainbridge, Ga., has been selected for a $16,094
grant to install a solar array on the roof of the poultry houses. The array is
expected to generate 36,300 kWh of electricity per year.

Stokes Farms, LLP, of Chatfield, Minn., is receiving a $19,750 grant to install
a 10 kW wind turbine. When operational, the project is expected to generate
30,000 kWh of electricity per year.

Lakeview Biodiesel, LLC will use a $3.3 million loan guarantee to help acquire a
Missouri biodiesel plant and make improvements to bring it online to produce
enough biodiesel to run approximately 16,500 vehicles annually.

In North Carolina, South Winston Farm, LLC is receiving a $4 million loan
guarantee to finance a 7 megawatt solar array system that is expected to
generate enough energy to power 994 households per year.

Funding for the projects announced today is contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the grant or loan agreement.

Here are two examples of how REAP has helped rural businesses:

In 2014, Mt. Abram, a ski area in western Maine, finished installing an
803-panel solar photovoltaic system that was financed with a $235,000 REAP
grant. Mt. Abram is the first solar-powered ski area in the state and the
second-largest solar-powered ski area in the country. The solar array will
generate 280,000 kWh in energy each year and meet about 70 percent of the
resort's power needs.
    Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack visited Progress Solar in North Carolina
in September 2014 to highlight a $3.4 million REAP loan guarantee the company
received to install a solar array. Today, the 46-acre farm produces enough solar
energy to power 540 average-sized homes each year.

Eligible agricultural producers and rural small businesses may use REAP funds to
make energy efficiency improvements or install renewable energy systems,
including solar, wind, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydroelectric, ocean energy, hydrogen, and geothermal.

The next application deadline for REAP grants is November 2, 2015. USDA will
issue a notice of available funding with more details on how to apply in the
coming weeks. REAP was created by the 2008 Farm Bill and was reauthorized by the
2014 Farm Bill.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA has supported more than 9,600
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide through REAP. During
this period, the Department has provided more than $291 million in grants and
$327 million in loan guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small
business owners.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 11, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Invests $63 Million to Support 264 Renewable Energy and Energy
Efficiency Projects Nationwide

LENGTH: 708  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $63 million in loans and
grants for 264 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide that
USDA is supporting through its Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).

"This funding will have far-reaching economic and environmental impacts
nationwide, particularly in rural communities," Vilsack said. "Investing in
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects supports home-grown energy
sources, creates jobs, reduces greenhouse gas pollution and helps usher in a
more secure energy future for the nation."

These REAP projects are expected to generate and/or save 207.8 million kilowatt
hours (KWh) of energy - enough to power more than 13,600 homes for a year.

For example, Bradley Phillips, owner of A.B. Phillips & Sons Fruit Farm, is
receiving an $18,000 grant to install a photovoltaic solar system on his farm in
the village of Berlin Heights, Ohio. The system will generate nearly 13,000
kilowatt hours of electricity annually. Phillips grows apples, peaches, pears,
plums, raspberries, cherries and grapes on a farm that has been in his family
for more than a century.

Blue Sky Poultry, Inc., of Bainbridge, Ga., has been selected for a $16,094
grant to install a solar array on the roof of the poultry houses. The array is
expected to generate 36,300 kWh of electricity per year.

Stokes Farms, LLP, of Chatfield, Minn., is receiving a $19,750 grant to install
a 10 kW wind turbine. When operational, the project is expected to generate
30,000 kWh of electricity per year.

Lakeview Biodiesel, LLC will use a $3.3 million loan guarantee to help acquire a
Missouri biodiesel plant and make improvements to bring it online to produce
enough biodiesel to run approximately 16,500 vehicles annually.

In North Carolina, South Winston Farm, LLC is receiving a $4 million loan
guarantee to finance a 7 megawatt solar array system that is expected to
generate enough energy to power 994 households per year.

Funding for the projects announced today is contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the grant or loan agreement.

Here are two examples of how REAP has helped rural businesses:

In 2014, Mt. Abram, a ski area in western Maine, finished installing an
803-panel solar photovoltaic system that was financed with a $235,000 REAP
grant. Mt. Abram is the first solar-powered ski area in the state and the
second-largest solar-powered ski area in the country. The solar array will
generate 280,000 kWh in energy each year and meet about 70 percent of the
resort's power needs.
    Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack visited Progress Solar in North Carolina
in September 2014 to highlight a $3.4 million REAP loan guarantee the company
received to install a solar array. Today, the 46-acre farm produces enough solar
energy to power 540 average-sized homes each year.

Eligible agricultural producers and rural small businesses may use REAP funds to
make energy efficiency improvements or install renewable energy systems,
including solar, wind, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydroelectric, ocean energy, hydrogen, and geothermal.

The next application deadline for REAP grants is November 2, 2015. USDA will
issue a notice of available funding with more details on how to apply in the
coming weeks. REAP was created by the 2008 Farm Bill and was reauthorized by the
2014 Farm Bill.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA has supported more than 9,600
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide through REAP. During
this period, the Department has provided more than $291 million in grants and
$327 million in loan guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small
business owners.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 11, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: USDA Invests $63 Million to Support 264 Renewable Energy and Energy
Efficiency Projects Nationwide

LENGTH: 712  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $63 million in loans and
grants for 264 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide that
USDA is supporting through its Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).

"This funding will have far-reaching economic and environmental impacts
nationwide, particularly in rural communities," Vilsack said. "Investing in
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects supports home-grown energy
sources, creates jobs, reduces greenhouse gas pollution and helps usher in a
more secure energy future for the nation."

These REAP projects are expected to generate and/or save 207.8 million kilowatt
hours (KWh) of energy - enough to power more than 13,600 homes for a year.

For example, Bradley Phillips, owner of A.B. Phillips & Sons Fruit Farm, is
receiving an $18,000 grant to install a photovoltaic solar system on his farm in
the village of Berlin Heights, Ohio. The system will generate nearly 13,000
kilowatt hours of electricity annually. Phillips grows apples, peaches, pears,
plums, raspberries, cherries and grapes on a farm that has been in his family
for more than a century.

Blue Sky Poultry, Inc., of Bainbridge, Ga., has been selected for a $16,094
grant to install a solar array on the roof of the poultry houses. The array is
expected to generate 36,300 kWh of electricity per year.

Stokes Farms, LLP, of Chatfield, Minn., is receiving a $19,750 grant to install
a 10 kW wind turbine. When operational, the project is expected to generate
30,000 kWh of electricity per year.

Lakeview Biodiesel, LLC will use a $3.3 million loan guarantee to help acquire a
Missouri biodiesel plant and make improvements to bring it online to produce
enough biodiesel to run approximately 16,500 vehicles annually.

In North Carolina, South Winston Farm, LLC is receiving a $4 million loan
guarantee to finance a 7 megawatt solar array system that is expected to
generate enough energy to power 994 households per year.

Funding for the projects announced today is contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the grant or loan agreement.

Here are two examples of how REAP has helped rural businesses:

In 2014, Mt. Abram, a ski area in western Maine, finished installing an
803-panel solar photovoltaic system that was financed with a $235,000 REAP
grant. Mt. Abram is the first solar-powered ski area in the state and the
second-largest solar-powered ski area in the country. The solar array will
generate 280,000 kWh in energy each year and meet about 70 percent of the
resort's power needs.
    Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack visited Progress Solar in North Carolina
in September 2014 to highlight a $3.4 million REAP loan guarantee the company
received to install a solar array. Today, the 46-acre farm produces enough solar
energy to power 540 average-sized homes each year.

Eligible agricultural producers and rural small businesses may use REAP funds to
make energy efficiency improvements or install renewable energy systems,
including solar, wind, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydroelectric, ocean energy, hydrogen, and geothermal.

The next application deadline for REAP grants is November 2, 2015. USDA will
issue a notice of available funding with more details on how to apply in the
coming weeks. REAP was created by the 2008 Farm Bill and was reauthorized by the
2014 Farm Bill.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA has supported more than 9,600
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide through REAP. During
this period, the Department has provided more than $291 million in grants and
$327 million in loan guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small
business owners.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 10, 2015 Monday

Virginia: USDA Invests $63 Million to Support 264 Renewable Energy and Energy
Efficiency Projects Nationwide

LENGTH: 712  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $63 million in loans and
grants for 264 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide that
USDA is supporting through its Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).

"This funding will have far-reaching economic and environmental impacts
nationwide, particularly in rural communities," Vilsack said. "Investing in
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects supports home-grown energy
sources, creates jobs, reduces greenhouse gas pollution and helps usher in a
more secure energy future for the nation."

These REAP projects are expected to generate and/or save 207.8 million kilowatt
hours (KWh) of energy - enough to power more than 13,600 homes for a year.

For example, Bradley Phillips, owner of A.B. Phillips & Sons Fruit Farm, is
receiving an $18,000 grant to install a photovoltaic solar system on his farm in
the village of Berlin Heights, Ohio. The system will generate nearly 13,000
kilowatt hours of electricity annually. Phillips grows apples, peaches, pears,
plums, raspberries, cherries and grapes on a farm that has been in his family
for more than a century.

Blue Sky Poultry, Inc., of Bainbridge, Ga., has been selected for a $16,094
grant to install a solar array on the roof of the poultry houses. The array is
expected to generate 36,300 kWh of electricity per year.

Stokes Farms, LLP, of Chatfield, Minn., is receiving a $19,750 grant to install
a 10 kW wind turbine. When operational, the project is expected to generate
30,000 kWh of electricity per year.

Lakeview Biodiesel, LLC will use a $3.3 million loan guarantee to help acquire a
Missouri biodiesel plant and make improvements to bring it online to produce
enough biodiesel to run approximately 16,500 vehicles annually.

In North Carolina, South Winston Farm, LLC is receiving a $4 million loan
guarantee to finance a 7 megawatt solar array system that is expected to
generate enough energy to power 994 households per year.

Funding for the projects announced today is contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the grant or loan agreement.

Here are two examples of how REAP has helped rural businesses:

In 2014, Mt. Abram, a ski area in western Maine, finished installing an
803-panel solar photovoltaic system that was financed with a $235,000 REAP
grant. Mt. Abram is the first solar-powered ski area in the state and the
second-largest solar-powered ski area in the country. The solar array will
generate 280,000 kWh in energy each year and meet about 70 percent of the
resort's power needs.
    Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack visited Progress Solar in North Carolina
in September 2014 to highlight a $3.4 million REAP loan guarantee the company
received to install a solar array. Today, the 46-acre farm produces enough solar
energy to power 540 average-sized homes each year.

Eligible agricultural producers and rural small businesses may use REAP funds to
make energy efficiency improvements or install renewable energy systems,
including solar, wind, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydroelectric, ocean energy, hydrogen, and geothermal.

The next application deadline for REAP grants is November 2, 2015. USDA will
issue a notice of available funding with more details on how to apply in the
coming weeks. REAP was created by the 2008 Farm Bill and was reauthorized by the
2014 Farm Bill.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA has supported more than 9,600
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide through REAP. During
this period, the Department has provided more than $291 million in grants and
$327 million in loan guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small
business owners.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday

Washington: USDA Invests $63 Million to Support 264 Renewable Energy and Energy
Efficiency Projects Nationwide

LENGTH: 708  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $63 million in loans and
grants for 264 renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide that
USDA is supporting through its Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).

"This funding will have far-reaching economic and environmental impacts
nationwide, particularly in rural communities," Vilsack said. "Investing in
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects supports home-grown energy
sources, creates jobs, reduces greenhouse gas pollution and helps usher in a
more secure energy future for the nation."

These REAP projects are expected to generate and/or save 207.8 million kilowatt
hours (KWh) of energy - enough to power more than 13,600 homes for a year.

For example, Bradley Phillips, owner of A.B. Phillips & Sons Fruit Farm, is
receiving an $18,000 grant to install a photovoltaic solar system on his farm in
the village of Berlin Heights, Ohio. The system will generate nearly 13,000
kilowatt hours of electricity annually. Phillips grows apples, peaches, pears,
plums, raspberries, cherries and grapes on a farm that has been in his family
for more than a century.

Blue Sky Poultry, Inc., of Bainbridge, Ga., has been selected for a $16,094
grant to install a solar array on the roof of the poultry houses. The array is
expected to generate 36,300 kWh of electricity per year.

Stokes Farms, LLP, of Chatfield, Minn., is receiving a $19,750 grant to install
a 10 kW wind turbine. When operational, the project is expected to generate
30,000 kWh of electricity per year.

Lakeview Biodiesel, LLC will use a $3.3 million loan guarantee to help acquire a
Missouri biodiesel plant and make improvements to bring it online to produce
enough biodiesel to run approximately 16,500 vehicles annually.

In North Carolina, South Winston Farm, LLC is receiving a $4 million loan
guarantee to finance a 7 megawatt solar array system that is expected to
generate enough energy to power 994 households per year.

Funding for the projects announced today is contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the grant or loan agreement.

Here are two examples of how REAP has helped rural businesses:

In 2014, Mt. Abram, a ski area in western Maine, finished installing an
803-panel solar photovoltaic system that was financed with a $235,000 REAP
grant. Mt. Abram is the first solar-powered ski area in the state and the
second-largest solar-powered ski area in the country. The solar array will
generate 280,000 kWh in energy each year and meet about 70 percent of the
resort's power needs.
    Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack visited Progress Solar in North Carolina
in September 2014 to highlight a $3.4 million REAP loan guarantee the company
received to install a solar array. Today, the 46-acre farm produces enough solar
energy to power 540 average-sized homes each year.

Eligible agricultural producers and rural small businesses may use REAP funds to
make energy efficiency improvements or install renewable energy systems,
including solar, wind, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydroelectric, ocean energy, hydrogen, and geothermal.

The next application deadline for REAP grants is November 2, 2015. USDA will
issue a notice of available funding with more details on how to apply in the
coming weeks. REAP was created by the 2008 Farm Bill and was reauthorized by the
2014 Farm Bill.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA has supported more than 9,600
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide through REAP. During
this period, the Department has provided more than $291 million in grants and
$327 million in loan guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small
business owners.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 17, 2015 Tuesday 1:46 PM GMT

Ineos launches Scottish pro-fracking public relations drive;
Luxembourg-based chemicals giant says its shale gas public information programme
will aim to inform local Scottish communities about unconventional oil and gas
using an "evidence based approach"

BYLINE: By Scott McCulloch

SECTION: BUSINESS,BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 783 words


Chemicals giant Ineos has launched a new shale gas public information programme
with the aim of informing local Scottish communities about unconventional oil
and gas using an "evidence based approach".

The Luxembourg-based company, which has recently acquired various licenses for
shale gas 'fracking' across central Scotland and northern England, says its
public relations campaign will be rolled out from mid-April the areas where
Ineos already has Shale gas licenses.

A series of films called "The Fracking Facts" will also be screened to support
presentations which Ineos said will also be rolled out later to other
communities within Scotland's shale gas belt.

The local meetings will be led by Ineos upstream director Tom Pickering and
"supported by other Ineos staff", with the first meetings scheduled to be held
in Denny, Alloa, Falkirk, Kilsyth and Cumbernauld in April.

The chemicals giant has pledged to give communities within fracking sites up to
six per cent of total revenues, which it says equates to £2.5 billion "over the
next 10 to 15-years".

The Scottish Government has implemented a moratorium on granting planning
consents for hydraulic fracturing or "fracking" - the method by which the gas is
extracted - until a a full public consultation is carried out alongside further
research into the technique to look at planning, environmental regulation and
the impact on public health.

Ineos Upstream chief executive, Gary Haywood, said: "The Scottish government
wants the public to be fully informed about Shale gas production and we are
determined to help.

"We are launching Scotland's biggest Shale gas information programme to make
sure that local communities get a chance to hear the facts rather than the myths
about Shale gas."

Ineos have engaged London-based public relations firm Media Zoo to manage its
publicity drive, having previously engaged the firm to manage media during the
industrial dispute at the Grangemouth refinery last year.

Last year Ineos had threatened to close the Grangemouth refinery unless staff
accepted new pay and pension terms and the UK and Scottish government's provided
financial support to its long-term survival plan for Grangemouth.

Central to the survival plan were government-backed loan guarantees Ineos needed
to build the largest ethane gas storage and processing facility in Europe at the
Grangemouth site, which Ineos said would allow it to import cheaper shale gas
from the US.

This move had stemmed from Ineos reporting in 2012 an "adverse impact" from the
closure of the Elgin gas field in the North Sea resulting from a gas leak which
saw the field closed for much of the 2012 year, with full production expected to
return by 2015.

In July of last year, the UK government provided Ineos with a £230 million loan
guarantee to fund construction of the ethane storage tank, with Ineos reported
to have also invested £300 million as part of its Grangemouth survival plan
agreement.

Then in August 2014, Ineos announced it was moving into UK shale gas exploration
after agreeing a deal for a 51 per cent stake in a 400 sq km exploration licence
area in Central Scotland, which includes the Grangemouth site and surrounding
area.

Last September, Ineos announced it would give six per cent of shale gas revenues
to local communities in a bid to win support for its plans to drill in central
Scotland - a proposal reiterated by the group in today's announcement.

Ineos Upstream chief Gary Haywood says the US shale gas contracts it has in
place to power the Grangemouth plant will only guarantee supply for 15-years,
and the long-term future of the plant is dependent upon Ineos being allowed to
develop its fledgling UK shale gas business.

Last week Ineos announced it had acquired 50 per cent stakes in seven shale gas
licences in north west England and the remaining 49 per cent stake in the PEDL
133 licence area in central Scotland from Igas Energy.

PEDL 133 covers 329 square kilometres of the Midland Valley of Scotland, which
includes INEOS' Grangemouth refining and petrochemical complex and surrounding
area.

The UK Government is widely supportive of shale gas extraction, with Prime
Minister David Cameron stating in January 2014 Britain is "going all out for
shale" in the belief the UK's energy markets could be transformed on a par seen
in the US.

In September 2014 the UK Government announced plans to allow fracking companies
to drill under people's land without their agreement despite a 99 per cent
rejection rate from the 40,647 respondents to the consultation.

The coalition government argues the current laws allowing landowners to block
development of fracking under their property would lead to delays and higher
costs for operators.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Bank loan rules are 'choking enterprise in SMEs'

BYLINE: Colm Kelpie

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEK;BUSINESS; FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 498 words


THE almost universal requirement by banks for personal guarantees for SME loans
is curtailing enterprise, the agency tasked with monitoring lending to small and
medium enterprises has warned.

Credit Review office chief John Trethowan also told the Irish Independent that
businesses need to start paying closer attention to their credit scores because
legacy issues from the crises can weigh on their ability to get credit.

The review office said negative credit ratings should not, in all cases, be a
reason for declining credit.

The need to provide personal guarantees for business loans has long been a
bugbear of small businesses.

In a submission to the Central Bank as part of the latter's review of the code
of conduct for business lending to SMEs, the Credit Review Office said the issue
of personal guarantees needs to be addressed.

"This is a major issue for SMEs and the almost universal requirement for SME
credit facilities to be personally guaranteed is stymieing enterprise," the body
stated.

Mr Trethowan said banks have returned to being cashflow lenders, but with
collateral. "They always are looking for some form of backup, as well as
ascertaining whether the business can repay the proposed loan," he said.

"If it's a limited company and there are no assets in the company, then they
will go for a personal loan guarantee (PLG), or a letter of guarantee, from the
promoter of the business if he or she has any assets just to back it up," he
said.

"You have to look at each case as it comes along. We would be against just banks
asking wholesale for security, but if it's part of a deal that's going to get
the credit for the SME, then I would assume the promoter wouldn't be entering
into a loan that they couldn't see there were to repaying as well. In some
cases, it's fine."

Mr Trethowan also said businesses need to be aware of their credit rating.

"Our business community has been through hell. A lot of them have missed
payments and have various defaults on the credit scores. It's very important
that people have a good credit score and know what their credit rating is," he
said.

"Right across Europe there is a lot of ignorance in businesses about their
credit scores and their credit ratings and yet banks are using them all the time
as part of the assessment process."

Mr Trethowan said the Central Bank is building a new credit ratings system which
will be launched in the coming 12 months.

In its Central Bank submission, the Credit Review Office said negative credit
ratings should not, in all cases, be a reason for declining credit.

"Many good entrepreneurs have impaired credit ratings due to the impact of the
recession and if the issue that gave rise to the impaired credit rating has been
addressed, this should be taken into account in the credit assessment process."

In its latest assessment report, published earlier in the year, the Credit
Review Office said 2014 was the best year for loan sanctioning by AIB and Bank
of Ireland since monitoring began in 2010.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Banks Offer Alternative to Liability Insurance;
Renewable Lines of Credit for Municipalities May Be Less Expensive, More
Flexible

                            January 2, 1987, Friday

By LYNN BRENNER

DATELINE: NEW YORK


In a new program designed by a municipal bond insurer and an insurance broker,
local banks will soon be selling renewable lines of credit to municipalities as
a cost-effective alternative to traditional liability insurance policies.

Commercial banks can't legally sell insurance, but the renewable line of credit
is functionally a very similar product. Municipal Liability Claims Funding, a
new program created by Ambac Indemnity Corp. and Alexander & Alexander Inc.,
will enable local banks to offer lines of credit to replace or complement
traditional municipal liability insurance policies.

Ambac, a major insurer of municipal bonds, will guarantee the municipalities'
ability to repay these banks, should their lines of credit be drawn on to pay
claims.

According to Ambac and Alexander & Alexander, the combination of a renewable
line of credit and a financial guarantee will be less expensive than traditional
liability insurance for many municipal entities.

A municipality participating in the program would essentially buy an annually
renewable line of credit from a local bank and a financial guarantee from Ambac.
The firm's guarantee confers Ambac's top credit rating on municipal borrowers.

''We expect banks will be able to offer municipal entities lower commitment fees
and interest rates as a result of the loan guarantees,'' said H. Russell Fraser,
president and chief executive officer of Ambac.

''In addition,'' he said, ''banks should be more likely to lengthen the maturity
of the loan facility while relying on Ambac's underwriting expertise.''

''Municipal Liability Claims Funding is a financial solution to an insurance
problem,'' said Michael K. White, president and chief executive officer of
Alexander & Alexander.

The program will allow banks to provide municipalities a guaranteed line of
credit ranging from a minimum of $2 million to a maximum of $50 million per
year.

Terms and conditions of the line of credit will be determined by the local bank
in conjunction with Ambac.

Mr. White and Mr. Fraser said this program can be more cost effective than
municipal bonds. Use of the line of credit is at the discretion of the municipal
entity and is only drawn down if needed.

It can be used to complement traditional insurance programs by filling gaps at
various levels of primary, excess, or catastrophe coverage for the liability
exposure of public officials and police professionals as well as other risks.

Ambac and Alexander & Alexander stressed that their program is designed to
enhance relationships between banks and their communities.

The idea, they said, is to help communities meet their specific funding needs
''through a cooperative effort with local financial institutions rather than by
forcing them into the framework of existing financial products.''

Ambac Indemnity is a major financial guarantor. The company guarantees timely
payment of principal and interest on municipal bonds in the event of default by
the issuer.

Ambac's majority owner is Citibank. Minority investors in the firm include Ambac
management, Xerox Financial Services, and Stephens Inc., an investment bank.

Alexander & Alexander is an international insurance brokerage and risk
management consultant.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 541 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 American Banker, Inc.


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 22, 2017

                      LITTLEPORT LEISURE COMMUNITY CENTRE

                      LITTLEPORT LEISURE COMMUNITY CENTRE
                                   CAMEL ROAD
                                   LITTLEPORT
                                  ELY CB6 1PU


TRADE ADDRESS: Littleport Leisure And Community Centre, Camel Road, Littleport,
ELY CB6 1PU

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01353860600
URL: www.littleportleisure.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08026727

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 11, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                              Turnove
No.                                                             r
08045642        LITTLEPORT LEISURE TRADING COMPANY              0
                LIMITED
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -
-               -                                               -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr David Ian Ambrose Smith, Chairman
     ·    Mr Brian Paddington, Vice-chairman
     ·    Mrs Eluned Santos, Trustee


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110
93100

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 21, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 11, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  34,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              684,280   703,441   723,538
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           684,280   703,441   723,538
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                        4,216         -     3,741
Cash                                          11,598    21,421     5,335
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   7,129    10,299     4,691
Other Current Assets                          18,727    31,720    10,026
Total Current Assets                          22,943    31,720    13,767
Fixed Assets                                 684,279   703,440   723,537
Intermediate Assets                                1         1         1
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                        6,604         -     4,262
TOTAL ASSETS                                 707,223   735,161   737,305



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                     15,830    29,593    32,612
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             20,122    34,224    41,500
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                       1,920         -    18,751
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     18,202    34,224    22,749
Short Term Loans                               1,920         -    18,751
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -     6,767
Total Current Liabilities                     35,952    63,817    74,112
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -     6,767
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             35,952    63,817    80,879
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                671,271   671,344   656,424
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            671,271   671,344   656,424
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   671,271   671,344   663,193


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          169,285   180,630   152,550
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit         169,285   180,630   152,550
Operating Profit         -72    14,573    -14184
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit            -72    14,573    -14184
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax         -72    14,573    -14184
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits         -72    14,573    -14184
Value Added          134,935    35,027   107,807
Capital Employed     671,271   671,344   663,193
Net Worth            671,271   671,344   656,424
Working Capital       -13009    -32097    -60345
Emp. Renumeration    114,531         -   101,374
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees                 0     1,850         0
Non-audit Fees         2,288         -     3,189
Depreciation          20,476    20,454    20,617
Number of                  7         7         7
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               -6.28  10.97 -81.38
Pretax             -100.4 -99.49 -100.0
                        9             1
Total Assets         -3.8  -4.08  -4.26
Current Assets     -27.67  66.65  65.57
Current            -43.66 -51.49 -47.21
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -0.01   1.22    0.1
Employee Wages          -  12.98  11.89
Number of               0      0      0
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        6
Year -1  9
=        6
Year -2  9
=        0
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -0.01      2.17     -2.14
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -0.01      1.98     -1.92
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -0.01      2.17     -2.16
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -0.04      8.07      -9.3
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           23.94     24.57     20.69
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            0.25      0.26      0.21
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        -7.68    -17.77    -39.56
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      9.09         -      8.95
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                0.64       0.5      0.19
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  0.64       0.5      0.19
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          0.29         -      2.86
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.95      0.91      0.89
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     16,361.5         -    14,482
(GBP)                                                  7
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  67.66         -     66.45
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)         -10.29  2,081.86  -2026.29
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               24,183.5 25,804.29 21,792.86
                                                       7
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          95,895.8 95,906.29 94,741.86
                                                       6
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        97,754.1 100,491.4 103,362.4
                                                       4
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        101,031.   105,023 105,329.3
                                                       9
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    -0.05     41.61    -13.16
Value Added / Sales (%)                            79.71     19.39     70.67
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         19,276.4  5,003.86    15,401
                                                       3
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.18         -      1.06
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -     97.64         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -    397.38         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 3.75         -      8.72
Total Debt / Working Capital                       -0.15         -     -0.31
Total Debt / Total Assets                              0         -      0.03

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 671,271

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Paul Williams

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Agriculture Secretary Announces Electric System Improvements in Eight
States

LENGTH: 841  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for projects in eight
states, including Virginia, to improve electric service for about 10,000 rural
residents. Rural Utilities Service Administrator John Padalino made the
announcement on the Secretary's behalf in Norfolk, Va., during the 2013 regional
meeting of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association. The loan
guarantees are made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) rural utilities program and include more than $11 million in smart grid
project funding.

"These investments will continue to ensure safe, reliable and affordable service
for rural residents, farmers, and commercial and industrial consumers," Padalino
said. "This funding, which is part of the Obama Administration's vision for a
new rural energy economy, includes investments in smart grid technologies that
modernize our nation's electric system and improve its operation."

For example, the Central Virginia Electric Cooperative will use USDA funding to
build 327 miles of line and invest more than $1.1 million in smart grid
technologies across 14 counties. The following is a list of rural electric
utilities that will receive USDA funding, contingent upon the recipient meeting
the terms of the loan agreement.

Iowa

Midland Power Cooperative - $25,300,000. Funds will be used to serve 530
customers, build 552 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $520,000 for smart grid projects.

Kansas

Lane-Scott Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $28,460,000. USDA funds will be used to
serve 580 customers, build 121 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $3,000,000 for smart grid projects.
    Bluestem Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $12,850,000. Funds will be used to
serve 431 customers, build 62 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $312,000 for smart grid projects.

Missouri and Iowa

United Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $26,625,000. Funds will be used to serve 652
customers, build 167 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements.

North Carolina

Halifax Electric Membership Corporation - $4,050,000. Funds will be used to
improve 2 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements.

New Mexico and Texas

Lea County Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $24,508,000. Funds will be used to serve
1,158 customers, build 138 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $75,000 for smart grid projects.

Ohio

South Central Power Company - $64,000,000. Funds will be used to serve 5,160
customers, build 558 miles of distribution line, 34 miles of transmission line
and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $6,370,485 for
smart grid projects.

Virginia

Central Virginia Electric Cooperative - $22,100,000. Funds will be used to serve
1,989 customers, build 327 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $1,157,330 for smart grid projects.

The $207.9 million in USDA loan guarantees announced today will be used to build
nearly 2,000 miles of line, fund more than $11 million in smart grid projects
and make other system improvements. Since 2011, USDA has invested more than $526
million in smart grid technologies nationwide.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 7, 2015 Friday

Arizona: USDA Invests $63 Million to Support 264 Renewable Energy and Energy
Efficiency Projects Nationwide

LENGTH: 712  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, August 7, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
$63 million in loans and grants for 264 renewable energy and energy efficiency
projects nationwide that USDA is supporting through its Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP).

"This funding will have far-reaching economic and environmental impacts
nationwide, particularly in rural communities," Vilsack said. "Investing in
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects supports home-grown energy
sources, creates jobs, reduces greenhouse gas pollution and helps usher in a
more secure energy future for the nation."

These REAP projects are expected to generate and/or save 207.8 million kilowatt
hours (KWh) of energy - enough to power more than 13,600 homes for a year.

For example, Bradley Phillips, owner of A.B. Phillips & Sons Fruit Farm, is
receiving an $18,000 grant to install a photovoltaic solar system on his farm in
the village of Berlin Heights, Ohio. The system will generate nearly 13,000
kilowatt hours of electricity annually. Phillips grows apples, peaches, pears,
plums, raspberries, cherries and grapes on a farm that has been in his family
for more than a century.

Blue Sky Poultry, Inc., of Bainbridge, Ga., has been selected for a $16,094
grant to install a solar array on the roof of the poultry houses. The array is
expected to generate 36,300 kWh of electricity per year.

Stokes Farms, LLP, of Chatfield, Minn., is receiving a $19,750 grant to install
a 10 kW wind turbine. When operational, the project is expected to generate
30,000 kWh of electricity per year.

Lakeview Biodiesel, LLC will use a $3.3 million loan guarantee to help acquire a
Missouri biodiesel plant and make improvements to bring it online to produce
enough biodiesel to run approximately 16,500 vehicles annually.

In North Carolina, South Winston Farm, LLC is receiving a $4 million loan
guarantee to finance a 7 megawatt solar array system that is expected to
generate enough energy to power 994 households per year.

Funding for the projects announced today is contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the grant or loan agreement.

Here are two examples of how REAP has helped rural businesses:

In 2014, Mt. Abram, a ski area in western Maine, finished installing an
803-panel solar photovoltaic system that was financed with a $235,000 REAP
grant. Mt. Abram is the first solar-powered ski area in the state and the
second-largest solar-powered ski area in the country. The solar array will
generate 280,000 kWh in energy each year and meet about 70 percent of the
resort's power needs.
    Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack visited Progress Solar in North Carolina
in September 2014 to highlight a $3.4 million REAP loan guarantee the company
received to install a solar array. Today, the 46-acre farm produces enough solar
energy to power 540 average-sized homes each year.

Eligible agricultural producers and rural small businesses may use REAP funds to
make energy efficiency improvements or install renewable energy systems,
including solar, wind, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters), small
hydroelectric, ocean energy, hydrogen, and geothermal.

The next application deadline for REAP grants is November 2, 2015. USDA will
issue a notice of available funding with more details on how to apply in the
coming weeks. REAP was created by the 2008 Farm Bill and was reauthorized by the
2014 Farm Bill.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA has supported more than 9,600
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects nationwide through REAP. During
this period, the Department has provided more than $291 million in grants and
$327 million in loan guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small
business owners.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday

USDA tours co-op

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


Wednesday September 28, 2011

BRATTLEBORO -- U.S. Department of Agriculture staff were on hand Tuesday to get
a first hand look at the ongoing construction at the Brattleboro Food Co-op.

USDA backed up a $4.2-million loan, which was crucial for the co-op to move
ahead with its expansion project, and Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan, along
with other USDA employees from the Montpelier office, toured the site.

Merrigan is from Greenfield, Mass., and she said she has shopped at the
Brattleboro Food Co-op.

"I'm excited about this unbelievable expansion," she said. "People ask what
happens to their tax dollars and here is a perfect example of where those
investments go."

The Brattleboro Food Co-op is building a brand new store across the parking lot
from the existing building.

The USDA loan guarantee helped secure about half of the estimated $9 million the
co-op is investing in the new building.

USDA Rural Development State Director Molly Lambert said the loan guarantee fund
supports development outside of agriculture, though she added that when a
project with strong ties to agriculture, such as the co-op, comes up,
administrators are more likely to give it a greenlight.

"Our role is to create and save rural jobs and increase economic opportunities
and this project will do both," Lambert said.

USDA Rural Development Business Programs Director David Robinson said the loan
guarantee program is sometimes the only way for private groups to get the
financial backing they need to move ahead with large projects.

Robinson said the co-op, which supports more than 100 jobs and is vital to the
local farming economy, is a good example of using federal money to put together
a development project that is largely privately driven.

"This is a big part of this story," said Robinson. "This is not just the
government working by itself, but partnering with the private sector to help
make a project like this happen."

Project Manager Tom Appel said the co-op is still hoping to open the new store
in April.

He said the project has had a few construction delays, as workers tried to keep
the project moving forward, while the old co-op was open.

Appel said the store is going to try to remain open throughout the transition,
though there might be periods when it is closed while co-op staff members are
moving into the new building.

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at hwtisman@reformer.com or 802-254-2311,
ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alex Gyori of the Brattleboro Food Co-op, right, gives Agriculture
Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan a tour of the store, Tuesday morning.
(Zachary P. Stephens/Reformer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Transnet secures credit guarantee

BYLINE: Linda Ensor

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 383 words



 TRANSNET has secured a R6-billion funding guarantee from United States export
credit agency US-Exim for the funding of the diesel locomotives the company is
buying from General Electric (GE).


 The group chief executive of the state-owned ports  rail and pipeline company
Brian Molefe  said yesterday the guarantee was a massive thumbs-up from the
international investor community  affirming Transnet's credit- worthiness and
South Africa's attractiveness as an investment destination.
 "The guarantee from US-Exim enables Transnet to raise funds in the markets for
the financing of the General Electric locomotive transaction. It allows for
Transnet to negotiate favourable repayment terms  including the tenor and
interest rates.
 "The required funding will be raised through bank loans supported by the
US-Exim guarantee. The terms of funding to be backed by the guarantee will be
dependent on a number of factors  including market conditions  pricing and
investor appetite " Molefe said.
 The facility will be drawn over a three-year period in line with the delivery
schedule for the locomotives. The repayment period is 14 years. Molefe said this
term would extend Transnet's debt maturity profile while improving the match
between assets and liabilities.
 In March  Transnet announced an agreement to purchase 599 electric and 465
diesel locomotives from four original equipment manufacturers  including GE.
 The guarantee is mainly intended for GE's share of the locomotives - 233
locomotives as well as other acquisitions from the manufacturer.
 The locomotives are part of Transnet's fleet renewal programme - a key element
of the company's seven-year R312-billion investment programme. The majority of
the locomotives are to be built at Transnet's engineering and manufacturing
facilities throughout South Africa.
 The contracts require stringent supplier development  skills development and
localisation commitments in line with government policy.
 Molefe said the agreement was in line with the company's agreed funding
strategy which was premised on diversifying sources of finance in a cost
effective manner.
 Funding from the debt capital markets accounts for only a third of Transnet's
investment programme - the remainder will be raised from cash generated from the
group's operations.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Transnet secures credit guarantee

BYLINE: Linda Ensor

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 383 words



 TRANSNET has secured a R6-billion funding guarantee from United States export
credit agency US-Exim for the funding of the diesel locomotives the company is
buying from General Electric (GE).


 The group chief executive of the state-owned ports  rail and pipeline company
Brian Molefe  said yesterday the guarantee was a massive thumbs-up from the
international investor community  affirming Transnet's credit- worthiness and
South Africa's attractiveness as an investment destination.
 "The guarantee from US-Exim enables Transnet to raise funds in the markets for
the financing of the General Electric locomotive transaction. It allows for
Transnet to negotiate favourable repayment terms  including the tenor and
interest rates.
 "The required funding will be raised through bank loans supported by the
US-Exim guarantee. The terms of funding to be backed by the guarantee will be
dependent on a number of factors  including market conditions  pricing and
investor appetite " Molefe said.
 The facility will be drawn over a three-year period in line with the delivery
schedule for the locomotives. The repayment period is 14 years. Molefe said this
term would extend Transnet's debt maturity profile while improving the match
between assets and liabilities.
 In March  Transnet announced an agreement to purchase 599 electric and 465
diesel locomotives from four original equipment manufacturers  including GE.
 The guarantee is mainly intended for GE's share of the locomotives - 233
locomotives as well as other acquisitions from the manufacturer.
 The locomotives are part of Transnet's fleet renewal programme - a key element
of the company's seven-year R312-billion investment programme. The majority of
the locomotives are to be built at Transnet's engineering and manufacturing
facilities throughout South Africa.
 The contracts require stringent supplier development  skills development and
localisation commitments in line with government policy.
 Molefe said the agreement was in line with the company's agreed funding
strategy which was premised on diversifying sources of finance in a cost
effective manner.
 Funding from the debt capital markets accounts for only a third of Transnet's
investment programme - the remainder will be raised from cash generated from the
group's operations.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 26, 2011 Saturday

Minorities demand banking facilities be extended

SECTION: JAIPUR

LENGTH: 378 words


JAIPUR: A meeting of the annual credit plan for minorities for the next
financial year was held in Jaipur on Friday.

The members urged the banks and financial institutions to put in special efforts
to extend banking facilities to the minorities.

The meeting expressed concern over the low quantum of commercial loan
disbursement to minorities, which has remained at just 6%. This is despite
religious minorities accounting for 11% of the state's population.

The meet was attended by state-level bankers, project managers of SC
corporations of the districts and officials of the minorities corporation, NGO
representatives and leaders of the minority community including former MLA Mahir
Azad and Muntaz Masi.

The meeting also discussed strategy to encourage credible and genuine loaning
and take measures to end discrimination against minorities.

It was also noted that over the last decade, only 71 students from minority
community could avail of educational loans amounting to Rs 4. 90 crore, while
loans to women has been restricted to Rs 96 lakh and a total of 2500 people have
benefitted from these loans.

Since 2008, minority lending has increased by 132%. The expert group proposed an
relax the income limit for taking educational loans presently at Rs 40, 000 and
Rs 55,000 in rural and urban areas respectively. This would help more people to
avail of the benefits.

Principal secretary Rohit R Brandon assured that the proposal will be forwaded
to the government, and education loans will be given priority.

Women self-help groups and joint liability groups with cross guarantee will also
be given due consideration, along with trained and working entrepreneurs, said
Brandon.

He said a review meeting will be held in every three months to monitor the
progress of the efforts. The matter will be taken up at the state-level bank
committee meeting to be held on March 16, and at district-level meetings.

Brandon also promised to issue directions to the district collectors to
regularly review the 15-point programme of the Prime Minister and minority
credit as a standing agenda item.

He said the department would come out with an integrated credit plan and appoint
credit facilitating centres to give handholding support to the loanees.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Announces Electric System Improvements in
Eight States

LENGTH: 838  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced funding for projects in eight
states, including Virginia, to improve electric service for about 10,000 rural
residents. Rural Utilities Service Administrator John Padalino made the
announcement on the Secretary's behalf in Norfolk, Va., during the 2013 regional
meeting of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association. The loan
guarantees are made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) rural utilities program and include more than $11 million in smart grid
project funding.

"These investments will continue to ensure safe, reliable and affordable service
for rural residents, farmers, and commercial and industrial consumers," Padalino
said. "This funding, which is part of the Obama Administration's vision for a
new rural energy economy, includes investments in smart grid technologies that
modernize our nation's electric system and improve its operation."

For example, the Central Virginia Electric Cooperative will use USDA funding to
build 327 miles of line and invest more than $1.1 million in smart grid
technologies across 14 counties. The following is a list of rural electric
utilities that will receive USDA funding, contingent upon the recipient meeting
the terms of the loan agreement.

Iowa

Midland Power Cooperative - $25,300,000. Funds will be used to serve 530
customers, build 552 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $520,000 for smart grid projects.

Kansas

Lane-Scott Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $28,460,000. USDA funds will be used to
serve 580 customers, build 121 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $3,000,000 for smart grid projects.
 Bluestem Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $12,850,000. Funds will be used to serve
431 customers, build 62 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $312,000 for smart grid projects.

Missouri and Iowa

United Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $26,625,000. Funds will be used to serve 652
customers, build 167 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements.

North Carolina

Halifax Electric Membership Corporation - $4,050,000. Funds will be used to
improve 2 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements.

New Mexico and Texas

Lea County Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $24,508,000. Funds will be used to serve
1,158 customers, build 138 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $75,000 for smart grid projects.

Ohio

South Central Power Company - $64,000,000. Funds will be used to serve 5,160
customers, build 558 miles of distribution line, 34 miles of transmission line
and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $6,370,485 for
smart grid projects.

Virginia

Central Virginia Electric Cooperative - $22,100,000. Funds will be used to serve
1,989 customers, build 327 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $1,157,330 for smart grid projects.

The $207.9 million in USDA loan guarantees announced today will be used to build
nearly 2,000 miles of line, fund more than $11 million in smart grid projects
and make other system improvements. Since 2011, USDA has invested more than $526
million in smart grid technologies nationwide.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                August 31, 2009

Pocatello pitches in to help struggling polysilicon maker

BYLINE: Zach Hagadone

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 564  words


As Hoku's planned Pocatello-area polysilicon plant stumbles under financing
woes, the city is stepping up to help. Mayor Roger Chase said his office, along
with the Bannock Development Corporation, is working to secure a federal
alternative energy development loan guarantee for the Hawaii-based firm, which
manufactures polysilicon for the solar panel market.

"I would imagine that that we'll have the grant prepared here in the next week,"
Chase said in an interview late last week. "We think it's probably 30 to 60 days
out before we'll know. That's what I'm thinking. "

Nordic Windpower, another alternative energy firm with a manufacturing facility
in Pocatello, received such a loan guarantee in July.

"Between Nordic and Hoku, and of course Petersen Inc., those are our big
companies with the potential for growth," Chase said. "It's a critical cog. One
of the main things we're going to work on is alternate energy, and we'll
continue to help find funding from other sources. "

Development at Hoku's $390 million plant was put on hold earlier this summer
because the company is between $106 million and $121 million short of the
funding needed to complete it. Matters have been further complicated by liens of
about $16 million that were filed against the company by JH Kelly, the general
contractor on the project, and several of its subcontractors.

The liens, which were reported last week by the Associated Press, are the result
of delinquent payments to the Longview, Wash.-based contractor and other firms
working on the project, said Hoku CEO Dustin Shindo. He added that they weren't
unexpected, given the challenges facing the company.

"The liens are really just part of what we expected when we slowed our
construction down and we are actively working to secure the additional financing
to complete the plant," Shindo said in an interview.

He went on to say that because of the way polysilicon plants function, parts of
the facility can be completed sooner and production can begin before full
build-out.

"Ultimately, right now the best thing to say is we need $30 million to $50
million to get things going again, which is less than the total amount," he
said. "It might not be as daunting as other people might think. "

In the meantime, Shindo said none of the workers hired as operators have been
laid off, and the company is working with its contractors to settle the liens.
The good news is that Hoku recently received foreign trade subzone status from
the federal government, which will enable it to purchase foreign-sourced raw
materials duty-free. The company is "pursuing all opportunities and avenues" for
raising capital, including the potential sale of the company, Shindo said.

"That's something I think people would expect," he said.

Chase said the project is important to the community not only for the jobs and
economic boost it would provide, but also as a symbol. He believes the plant
will be built regardless of who owns it.

"Number one, there's about $100 million on the ground out there and nobody can
just walk away from that," he said. "Number two, there's a shortage of
polysilicon in the world. If they don't build it somebody else will.

"It's very important to us," he continued. "Just from the perspective of the
community feeling good about itself in these economic times, it's good to see
that steel structure going up. "

Calls to JH Kelly were unreturned.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The The Sunday Times (London)

                             August 5, 1990, Sunday

Britain faces Pounds 850m bill for Iraq boycott

BYLINE: by Iain Jenkins

SECTION: Business

LENGTH: 405 words


BRITISH taxpayers are likely to have to foot a bill for Pounds 850m if the
international community imposes economic sanctions against Iraq in an effort to
get Sadam Hussein's tanks out of Kuwait.

The possible tax penalty is one of the ironies of the government's
well-intentioned policy of encouraging business with Iraq.

Any sanctions are likely to involve the freezing of hundreds of British projects
there. These have been backed by bank loans guaranteed by the British
government.

Most of these outstanding loans, which Middle East bankers estimate at Pounds
850m, have been made by Midland and Morgan Grenfell, which have financed British
trade with Iraq in recent years.

''Midland does have several millions out in loans to Iraq, but the vast bulk of
that is covered by export credits,'' said Sir Kit McMahon, the bank's chairman.
All of the Morgan Grenfell's Iraq portfolio is covered.

The Export Credit Guarantee Department (ECGD) is a government body which
encourages trade by insuring companies and bank lending against payment default
by Third World countries. In the end, losses filter through to the taxpayer.

''It is ironic that the price of sanctions imposed on Iraq will feed down from
British companies, to banks, to the government and finally to the taxpayer,''
says one Middle East banker, sceptical of the effectiveness of an economic
boycott against Iraq.

The way ECGD credits work in Iraq is that a company carries out a contract and
the Iraqi government draws on credit offered by Midland or Morgan Grenfell to
make payments. By a fixed date, Iraq must repay the loans.

Before the invasion of Kuwait, the two British banks were already being kept
waiting for repayments. These delays appear to have grown because of the
deterioration in relations between Britain and Iraq, following the execution of
the journalist Farzad Bazoft. As a result, the government recently suspended its
medium-term term Pounds 250m credit facility to Iraq.

Other Western countries find themselves in a similar position. The biggest Iraqi
creditor is France, with outstanding government-backed loans of Pounds 4billion.
These have funded military and industrial sales to Bagdhad.

France was the biggest Western supplier of military equipment to Iraq during its
war with Iran. Since then, it has gone out aggressively to win civil-engineering
and industrial contracts in Iraq, all backed by credit facilities.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Iraq invasion of Kuwait

                    Copyright 1990 Times Newspapers Limited


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Community Facility Loans

LENGTH: 12436  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  Rules and Regulations Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________ This
section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents having general
applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed to and codified in the
Code of Federal Regulations, which is published under 50 titles pursuant to 44
U.S.C. 1510. The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of
Documents. Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of
each week.
======================================================================== Federal
Register / Vol.

81, No. 129 / Wednesday, July 6, 2016 / Rules and Regulations [[Page 43927]]
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Rural Business-Cooperative
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Service Agency 7 CFR Part 1942 RIN
0575-AD05 Community Facility Loans AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Utilities Service, Farm Service Agency,
USDA. ACTION: Interim rule.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Housing Service (RHS) is amending regulations on Community Facility
Direct Loans to enable the Agency to make loans to eligible lenders who would
then in turn re-loan those funds to applicants for projects that are eligible
under the Community Facilities Direct Loan program. DATES: Effective date: This
interim rule is effective July 6, 2016. Comments due date: Written comments on
this rule must be received on or before September 6, 2016. The comment period
for information collections under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 continues
through September 6, 2016. ADDRESSES: You may submit comments to this rule by
any of the following methods:  Federal eRulemaking Portal:
http://www.regulations.gov.

 Follow the instructions on Regulations.gov for submitting comments.

      Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service

 to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.

 Department of Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Washington, DC 20250-0742.

      Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal

 Express Mail or another mail courier service requiring a street address

 to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.

 Department of Agriculture, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Suite 701,

 Washington, DC 20024.

     All written comments will be available for public inspection during

 regular work hours at the 300 7th Street SW., address listed above.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Kristen Grifka, Rural Housing Service,

 U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Washington, DC 20250-3225; telephone: (202) 720-1504. Email contact:

 Kristen.Grifka@wdc.usda.gov



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 I. Executive Summary



 A. Overview



     This rulemaking adds provisions to the Community Facility (CF)

 Direct Loan program that allow the Agency to make direct loans to

 eligible lending institutions (referred to as ``re-lenders'') who then

 will re-loan the funds to eligible applicants for eligible community

 facility projects. The rulemaking identifies the types of lending

 institutions that are eligible to become re-lenders as described in an

 annual Notice that the Agency will publish in the Federal Register to

 exercise this authority. The annual Notice will set out application

 procedures in more detail to supplement the regulation requirements.

 All applicants and projects must meet the eligibility requirements

 found at 7 CFR part 1942, subpart A or any successor regulation.

     Re-lenders are responsible for all loan origination and servicing.

 Re-lenders must obtain Agency approval of applicant and project

 eligibility. The Agency will obligate aggregated funds to each approved

 eligible re-lender, but will disburse funds to such re-lenders for

 eligible projects on a project-by-project basis after making limited

 eligibility reviews. The re-lender is responsible for providing the

 Agency with status and servicing reports on each re-loan according to

 its Re-lender Agreement with the Agency. The Agency will use the

 information to monitor portfolio performance on the re-loans and to

 assess the risk to the Agency on the re-lender's portfolio of re-loans.

     Because this rule concerns a loan program, it is not subject to the

 requirements of notice and comment rulemaking pursuant to 5 U.S.C

 552(a)(2); however, the Agency is very interested in receiving comments

 regarding the re-lender activities authorized under this rule and their

 impacts on the ability of the Agency to make CF direct loan funds

 available, especially in areas of economic development need. Therefore,

 this rule is being promulgated as an interim rule to provide interested

 parties and the public with the opportunity to provide comments to the

 rule before it becomes final.

     The rule will be effective immediately. The 30 day effective date

 policy is exempt for ``good cause.'' USDA has determined, consistent

 with the APA that making these funds available through re-lenders is

 necessary to provide CF funding to the hardest to reach and most needy

 areas this fiscal year. The Agency intends to test the new program this

 year with available funds and implement a final rule based on its

 findings.

     The Agency is soliciting comments on this interim rule and will

 consider them in the final rule. The Agency is particularly interested

 in whether the public believes the re-lender structure is the best way

 to reach more persistent and high poverty areas or whether there are

 alternate proposals.



 B. Costs and Benefits



     The action is not expected to result in significant costs to the

 public. Generally speaking, the re-lenders will have a proven track

 record of successful lending for community infrastructure development

 in high poverty communities. Additionally, the Agency will continue to

 perform its due diligence in reviewing and determining applicant and

 project eligibility for each loan made by the re-lender. Therefore,

 loans will be made only to strong, viable, mission driven lending

 institutions for CF eligible projects. These risk mitigation strategies

 should provide protection to the mission and portfolio of the CF Direct

 Loan program.

     The costs associated with these new provisions will be incurred

 mainly by



 [[Page 43928]]



 the lending institutions who participate in the re-lending of CF direct

 loans. Re-lenders will incur costs associated with the application

 process as well as originating, processing, and servicing loans to

 applicants. Re-lenders will also incur costs associated with reporting

 to USDA. Applicants will work directly with re-lenders for processing

 and servicing loans. Applicants may incur additional upfront costs

 working with a re-lender versus obtaining a loan directly from the

 Agency. However, the applicant will likely obtain other benefits

 working with a re-lender that may offset these costs in the long-term.

 The end result will be a more financially viable project providing an

 essential community facility or service to the community for years to

 come.

     With the re-lending provision it is expected that re-lenders will

 leverage these Federal funds with other private and philanthropic

 funding so that applicants do not incur additional costs. By obtaining

 private sector support in the form of grants or guarantees, a community

 re-lender could reduce the cost of structuring the transaction,

 providing technical assistance to the borrowers, and servicing the

 loan.

     In addition, there may be instances where the applicant incurs

 higher financing costs. In instances where the borrower receives higher

 financing costs than he/she would have received through a direct loan,

 the Agency believes that those costs may be outweighed by other

 benefits such as the ability to receive funding more quickly and the

 projects may be able to receive additional technical assistance. There

 may also be instances where a re-lender could use private grants to

 offer a lower interest rate to the applicant. For example, if the

 community lender obtained a grant of $1 million paired with a loan from

 the CF program of $10 million, the grant could cover not only the re-

 lenders cost of doing business but subsidize the interest rate to the

 ultimate recipient even below the CF program market rate. The Agency is

 not able to estimate how often this would occur though, if at all.

     Most importantly, this provision provides re-lenders with capital

 that they currently lack thereby enhancing their lending capacity so

 that they can make loans to applicants that otherwise may go unserved,

 especially in places with high or persistent poverty.

     Ultimately, the benefit of the new provision is expected to be an

 increase in the number of projects that receive funds under the CF

 Direct Loan program, especially in communities that have historically

 been economically underserved. There are three factors that work

 together to achieve this goal: (1) Working with mission driven re-

 lenders, who already work in the targeted high poverty communities, to

 deploy CF loan funds in those places, (2) providing those re-lenders

 with additional capital so they can increase their capacity to make

 investments in community infrastructure projects, and (3) re-lenders

 can leverage the CF funds they receive with other private and

 philanthropic sources of funds in order to provide the right mix of

 affordable credit with the necessary technical assistance.

     First, the re-lenders have proven track records of mission driven

 lending in high poverty places. The aim of these institutions is to

 pull together capital to meet a range of community needs as such they

 typically combine financial return with a social return. Further, the

 history of working in the community and longstanding relationships

 means they have the ability to tap different resources and expertise,

 have boots on the ground and are already visible and working in these

 areas we want to reach. The existing relationships between re-lenders

 and community leaders would facilitate and expedite project development

 that is supported by the community-at-large, resulting in the applicant

 benefitting from the improved service/facility sooner than under

 traditional CF lending. Also because of the longstanding work in the

 community the re-lenders traditionally have technical resources/

 complimentary programs available to assist applicants. Examples: assist

 a local nonprofit write a business plan for a daycare facility; assist

 a local nonprofit with a capital campaign; assist a local community

 with a strategic plan. Each of these ancillary services will likely

 result in a project that the re-lender can assist with. By relying on

 this network of re-lenders, the Agency will not only increase the

 number of projects funded through the CF Direct Loan program overall it

 will also increase the number of projects funded in high poverty and

 persistently poor communities.

     Second, re-lenders often lack capital to support all of the much

 needed community infrastructure projects in the communities they serve.

 This change will enable a system of lenders who will originate,

 structure, underwrite, and finance sustainable rural community

 infrastructure projects. By providing these lenders with additional

 capital they will be able to grow, achieve organizational capacity, and

 fund more projects that will improve access to health care, education

 and other critical services, which will help ensure that rural

 communities are strong, viable and economically well off.

     Lastly, this provision will encourage greater leveraging of private

 and philanthropic investments in rural community infrastructure. The

 re-lenders have established relationships with other private and

 philanthropic funders. Thus the addition of CF funds could unlock

 additional capital to support community infrastructure development such

 as grant funding, as previously mentioned, to CF re-lenders. These

 grant dollars will give community lenders more flexibility and strength

 as they borrow from the USDA. This will help the re-lenders:

      Develop critically needed community facilities in

 America's most persistently poor rural communities that would not

 otherwise be feasible.

      Strengthen community lenders with deep and lasting ties to

 the local market so they can be enduring resources in economically

 distressed areas.

      Take advantage of community re-lenders' development

 expertise and knowledge of the local markets to identify the best

 community facilities investments.

      Establish partnerships that enable government, private

 foundations and mission investors to efficiently leverage and

 effectively target funding to the neediest rural areas.

     If the Agency does not make this change the CF Direct Loan program

 will continue operating as it currently does. In FY15, CF invested 70%

 of its direct loan funds in facilities that serve high poverty areas.

 However, there are still some rural places with high poverty areas and

 persistent poverty counties that remain underserved. These communities

 need technical and financial support in order to develop an

 infrastructure project and secure adequate and affordable financing and

 ensure facilities are built and essential services are provided to some

 of the most vulnerable rural populations. This change seeks to partner

 with re-lenders who are positioned to provide the technical assistance

 to help these communities develop and fund community infrastructure

 projects.

     To better understand the nature of persistent poverty and to help

 the USDA determine the way to reach those areas, Rural Development (RD)

 worked with a partner through a cooperative agreement, to learn more

 about persistent poverty and increasing the impact of RD dollars in

 these areas. Efforts included holding focus groups with key

 stakeholders in persistent poverty counties and high poverty areas, and

 analyzing data. In total, five (5) focus groups were convened with



 [[Page 43929]]



 numerous national and regional players in the community development

 organizations (CDOs) field. The purpose was to understand the needs

 that exist in areas of persistent poverty, what programs are

 successfully addressing these challenges, and how these stakeholders

 think RD could increase its impact and build on effective approaches.

 Four of the focus groups were held in the regions of concentrated

 persistent poverty including Appalachia, the Colonias, the Mississippi

 Delta, and in Indian Country, and one was held with RD officials.

     In addition to the focus groups, a listening session with key

 national players or CDOs was held in Washington, DC on November 30,

 2015 as well as various individual conversations were also held with

 other high-performing CDOs and regional Federal Reserve Banks to gain

 their perspectives as well. Several common themes emerged from the

 regional focus groups. These themes included challenges persistent

 poverty regions encounter and common solutions that have demonstrated

 success in these regions, which include:

     Common Challenges:

      Limited access to mainstream financial products and

 services--Residents of all regions are often turned down for checking

 and savings accounts, or are found ineligible for loans or are extended

 loan instruments with unfavorable terms.

      Banking Deserts--They often have few if any traditional

 banking entities in or near their communities.

      Insufficient Private Investment and Lack of Reinvestment--

 The financial institutions that do exist in these communities are often

 hesitant to extend services to low-income clients, and there is a

 perception that much of the local money that is held at these banks is

 reinvested elsewhere.

      Mission-Driven Banking and the Need for Scale--Credit

 unions and other non-traditional financing entities fill the gap

 created by inadequate private investment, but these entities need more

 equity and human capital to have more expansive impact.

      Scattered Geographies and Expensive Services--These

 regions are largely rural, and residences and services can be a great

 distance from one another. The further communities are from utilities

 and other technologies, the more costly they are, if they are available

 at all.

      Social Distress--Substance abuse and fragmented families

 are not uncommon in these communities. People also need help

 envisioning a positive future.

      Outmigration--Many of the most highly educated residents

 have a tendency to move away for better job opportunities.

      Poor Quality Education--It was universally agreed that the

 school systems in these communities are not preparing students for a

 productive future.

      Infrastructure--These regions have sub-standard roads and

 require much-needed infrastructure improvements ranging from water

 systems to broadband to make them more competitive.

     Common Solutions:

      Value of Nonprofits--Areas of persistent poverty rely

 heavily on nonprofits and other mission-driven institutions to meet

 their social and economic needs (capital access, loan packaging

 services, etc.), but these organizations need more financial and human

 capacity.

      Technical Assistance--High performing mentorships,

 training opportunities, internships and other forms of information-

 sharing can boost human capacity.

      Multi-Sectoral Partnerships--Everyone agreed that

 strategically partnering with a variety of different organizations with

 similar overall missions is always valuable. It builds capacity, and

 leverages different skill sets and resources for greater impact.

      Streamlining--When it comes to implementing a program,

 applying for funding, or assisting residents, finding ways to simplify

 the process as much as possible increases efficiency and effectiveness.

      Strategic Planning--Programs are more likely to get funded

 and be successful in the long-term if the groundwork is carefully laid

 before building partnerships and seeking funding.

      Employing Locals--All regions were supportive of finding

 ways to incentivize businesses to hire locally for community and

 infrastructure projects or business relocations and expansions.

     In persistent poverty communities such as Appalachia, the Colonias,

 the Mississippi Delta, and in Indian Country, there is a rich and

 successful history of community development. Poverty produces a

 multitude of social and economic stressors that compromise the growth

 and health of affected communities and their residents, particularly

 those saddled with high levels of disinvestment over prolonged periods

 of time.

     The USDA's Economic Research Service (ERS) has classified 353

 counties in the U.S. as `persistently poor.' These chronically

 impoverished communities have sustained poverty rates above 20 percent

 for more than 30 years, and account for approximately 11 percent of all

 counties nationwide. While dispersed across the U.S., these communities

 are largely rural and concentrated in Central Appalachia, the Deep

 South (largely in the Mississippi Delta), the Texas-Mexico border

 (Colonias), and American-Indian reservations. The social and economic

 challenges that have handicapped progress in these communities have a

 number of dimensions.

     High-impact CDOs, distinct from banks, investment funds, and other

 economic development organizations, have a demonstrated track record of

 implementing the kinds of creative and time-intensive activities that

 are necessary to create jobs, provide affordable housing, build

 necessary infrastructure, and strengthen the financial security of

 millions of lower-income Americans. The focus groups revealed that the

 problems faced by these communities are complex and multi-layered.

 Essential community facilities provide high poverty areas with critical

 services through hospitals, schools, community centers, and fire and

 police stations. It is not uncommon for distressed areas to be some

 distance away from the nearest high quality grocery store or health

 care facility, or for school buildings to be in need of updating.

 Building hospitals, rehabilitating educational institutions, or

 providing space for other core social and human services can enhance

 the quality and quantity of services needed to address the social and

 economic strains faced by these counties.

     This rulemaking adds provisions to the CF Direct Loan program that

 allows the Agency to make direct loans to re-lenders who then re-loan

 the funds to eligible applicants for eligible projects. The action will

 not change the underlying provisions of the included programs (e.g.,

 eligibility, applications, award decisions, scoring, and servicing

 provisions). The primary benefit associated with the new provisions is

 expected to be an increase in the number of projects that receive funds

 under the CF Direct Loan program, especially in persistent poverty

 counties and high poverty areas in rural America. The costs are

 minimal. Ultimately, this approach provides an innovative public

 private partnership that will enable the Federal government to more

 effectively serve its rural constituents and stakeholders and bolster

 rural community viability.



 [[Page 43930]]



 II. Discussion of Interim Rule



     The following paragraphs discuss each change being made to the CF

 Direct Loan program regulations.



 A. General (Sec.  1942.1)



     The Agency is modifying this section by including language in

 paragraph (a) of the section indicating that 7 CFR part 1942, subpart

 A, contains policies and procedures that allow the Agency to make CF

 direct loans to approved eligible re-lenders who then in turn re-lend

 those funds to eligible applicants for eligible projects. The Agency is

 also re-paragraphing Sec.  1942.1(a) for clarity.



 B. Re-Lending (Sec.  1942.30)



     This new section contains the basic policies and procedures

 associated with the Agency making loans to re-lenders (i.e., those

 eligible lenders to whom the Agency will make direct loans for purposes

 of re-lending those funds to eligible applicants for eligible

 projects). Under these provisions, re-lenders will be responsible for

 all loan origination and servicing of re-lender loans, and for repaying

 its loan to the Agency even if the ultimate borrower(s) does not repay

 the re-lender. The Agency will obligate aggregated funds to approved

 eligible re-lenders for the purpose of making CF loans, but will

 disburse loan funds to these re-lenders only on a project-by-project

 basis. This structure will ensure that only eligible applicants and

 projects will receive Federal dollars and allow re-lenders to lock in

 low interest rates and reduce their interest costs with Agency loan

 disbursements over 5 years.

     1. Re-lender eligibility (paragraph a). This paragraph identifies

 the conditions under which a lender would be eligible to be a re-lender

 for CF direct loans. Re-lenders eligible for these loans must possess

 the legal authority necessary to make and service loans involving

 community infrastructure and development similar to the type of

 projects listed in 7 CFR 1942.17(d); meet federal, state and local

 requirements in accordance with 7 CFR 1942.17(k); have a history of

 making loans to community infrastructure projects located in or serving

 persistent poverty counties or high poverty areas; provide adequate

 collateral; provide a Letter of Intent; provide an irrevocable letter

 of credit (or performance guarantee) acceptable to the Agency, prior to

 receiving loan disbursements; demonstrate that they are regulated and

 supervised by a Federal or State Banking regulatory agency that is

 subject to credit examination or demonstrate they meet outlined

 standards for required financial strength, be a legal non-governmental

 entity at the time of application (with the exception of Tribal

 government entities); be a member of a national organization that

 provides training, technical assistance and credit evaluation of member

 organizations, agree to loan a majority of funds to applicants whose

 projects are located in or serve Persistent Poverty County(ies) and

 High Poverty Area(s); and meet any other criteria specified by the

 Agency in a Notice published in the Federal Register.

     2. Applicant and project eligibility (paragraph b). The purpose of

 this paragraph is to identify the types of applicants and the types of

 projects eligible to receive a CF direct loan through an eligible re-

 lender. In brief, both the applicant and the project must meet the

 eligibility requirements currently associated with receiving a CF

 direct loan directly from the Agency.

     3. Application submission requirements (paragraph c) This paragraph

 outlines that in order to apply for funds under this section, a Re-

 lender must timely submit all items as specified in the annual Federal

 Register notice.

     4. Evaluation criteria (paragraph d).

     This paragraph outlines that an Agency will score and rank all

 eligible and complete Re-lender applications based upon the evaluation

 factors set out in the annual Federal Register which will include, but

 not be limited to: Lending experience and strength of the re-lender,

 poverty and project service area, and Administrator's discretionary

 points.

     5. Other Re-lender requirements (paragraph e). This paragraph

 specifies that, prior to receiving a direct loan from the Agency, the

 re-lender must enter into a Re-lender's agreement in accordance with

 the applicable Federal Register notice, execute a promissory note,

 provide an irrevocable letter of credit (or performance guarantee)

 acceptable to the Agency, provide adequate security, and meet any other

 loan conditions outlined in the annual Federal Register notice.

     4. Loan origination and servicing (paragraph f). This paragraph

 identifies the basic responsibilities of both the re-lender and the

 Agency for re-lending loans.

     a. Re-lenders. The re-lender is responsible for all underwriting

 (loan origination) and loan servicing of each loan it makes under the

 re-lending provisions. For each loan a re-lender makes under the re-

 lending provisions, the Agency expects that each re-lender generally

 will use its own policies and procedures for loan origination and

 servicing for all loans it makes.

     With regard to loan origination, however, the re-lender is

 responsible for presenting to the Agency each eligible CF direct loan

 application and any other documentation to demonstrate that both the

 applicant and the project meet the eligibility requirements of the CF

 direct loan regulation. If necessary, the Agency may request the re-

 lender to submit additional information about the applicant or the

 project. The Agency may identify in the applicable annual Notice

 published in the Federal Register, any additional specific information

 and documentation to be provided by the re-lender.

     After the loan to the re-lender is made, the re-lender must submit

 reports to the Agency after any loan disbursement as specified in the

 annual Federal Register notice, certify that the applicant has met all

 planning, bidding, contracting and construction requirements as

 specified in the annual Federal Register notice, comply with agency

 requirements concerning NEPA, Civil Rights laws and other applicable

 Federal, state, and local law, and obtain disbursement of loan funds

 within 5 years.

     b. Agency. The basic responsibilities of the Agency are spelled out

 and cover four basic areas:

     i. Re-lender Eligibility. The Agency will evaluate the eligibility

 of the re-lender based on documentation submitted to meet the criteria

 outlined in the annual Federal Register Notice.

     ii. Applicant Eligibility. Re-lenders will submit to the Agency for

 Agency review and approval only those applications that the re-lender

 has determined meet the applicant and project eligibility requirements

 of 7 CFR part 1942, subpart A and any additional requirements that may

 be outlined in an annual Notice published in the Federal Register. For

 each CF direct loan application presented by the re-lenders, the Agency

 will evaluate all information provided by the re-lender to confirm the

 eligibility of both the applicant and the project. Once the Agency

 concludes its evaluation, the Agency will notify the re-lender of its

 determination. Applicants and re-lenders have administrative appeal or

 review rights for Agency decisions made under this subpart.

 Programmatic decisions based on clear and objective statutory or

 regulatory requirements are not appealable; however, such decisions are

 reviewable for appealability by the National Appeals Division (NAD).

 The applicant and re-lender may appeal any Agency decision that

 directly and adversely impacts them. For an adverse



 [[Page 43931]]



 decision that impacts the applicant, the re-lender and applicant must

 jointly execute a written request for appeal for an alleged adverse

 decision made by the Agency. An adverse decision that only impacts the

 re-lender may be appealed by the re-lender only. A decision by a re-

 lender adverse to the interest of the borrower or applicant is not a

 decision by the Agency, whether or not concurred in by the Agency.

 Appeals will be conducted by USDA NAD and will be handled in accordance

 with 7 CFR part 11.

     ii. Funding. For each re-lender the Agency determines to be

 eligible, the Agency will obligate aggregated funds based on the re-

 lender's application for funds and in compliance with additional

 criteria, if any, published in the annual Federal Register Notice. For

 each applicant/project that the Agency determines eligible, the Agency

 will disburse from the re-lender's aggregated loan funds the

 appropriate amount of funds to that re-lender for the approved project.

 The Agency will require adequate security and compliance with all

 applicable National Environmental Policy Act provisions prior to making

 any re-lender loan and disbursing any loan funds.

     The Agency will specify any terms and conditions associated with

 each loan from the Agency to a re-lender in the Re-lender's Agreement.

     iii. Monitoring. The Agency expects each re-lender to service each

 loan it makes under these provisions as it would any other loan it

 makes. Nevertheless, the Agency will require the re-lender to submit

 reports, as will be specified in the Re-lender's agreement that enable

 the Agency to evaluate the status of the loans made under these re-

 lending provisions. The Agency may suspend further disbursements and

 pursue any other available and appropriate remedies, if any of the

 ultimate loans become troubled, delinquent or otherwise in default

 status.



 III. Regulatory Information



 Executive Order 12866--Classification



     This interim rule has been reviewed under Executive Order (EO)

 12866 and has been determined significant by the Office of Management

 and Budget (OMB) designated this rule as significant under Executive

 Order 12866 and, therefore, OMB has reviewed this interim rule.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance



     The affected programs are listed in the Catalog of Federal Domestic

 Assistance Program under 10.766, Community Facilities Loans and Grants.



 Executive Order 12372--Intergovernmental Review



     This program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372,

 which requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local

 officials. The re-lender conducts intergovernmental consultations on

 behalf of the Agency for individual loans to borrowers in the manner

 delineated in 2 CFR part 415, subpart C and at RD Instruction 1970

 Subpart I--Intergovernmental Review. Note that not all States have

 chosen to participate in the intergovernmental review process. A list

 of participating States is available at the following Web site:
http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/grants/spoc.html.



 Executive Order 13175--Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal

 Governments



     This rule has been reviewed in accordance with the requirements of

 Executive Order 13175, ``Consultation and Coordination with Indian

 Tribal Governments.'' Executive Order (EO) 13175 requires Federal

 agencies to consult and coordinate with tribes on a government-to-

 government basis on policies that have tribal implications, including

 regulations, legislative comments or proposed legislation, and other

 policy statements or actions that have substantial direct effects on

 one or more Indian tribes, on the relationship between the Federal

 Government and Indian tribes or on the distribution of power and

 responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian tribes.

     The Agency has assessed the impact of this rule on Indian tribes

 and determined that this rule does not, to our knowledge, have tribal

 implications that require tribal consultation under EO 13175. If a

 Tribe requests consultation, the Agency will work with the USDA's

 Office of Tribal Relations to ensure meaningful consultation is

 provided where changes, additions and modifications identified herein

 are not expressly mandated by Congress.



 Executive Order 12988--Civil Justice Reform



     This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil

 Justice Reform. In accordance with this rule: (1) All State and local

 laws and regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be

 preempted; (2) no retroactive effect will be given to this rule; and

 (3) administrative proceedings of the National Appeals Division (7 CFR

 part 11) must be exhausted before bringing suit in court challenging

 action taken under this rule unless those regulations specifically

 allow bringing suit at an earlier time.



 Environmental Impact Statement



     The document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1970,

 ``Environmental Policies and Procedures.'' The Agency has determined

 that this action does not constitute a major Federal action

 significantly affecting the quality of the human environment and, in

 accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969,

 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not

 required. Individual loans will be subject to 7 CFR part 1970 for NEPA

 compliance.



 Unfunded Mandates Reform Act



     This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory

 provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for

 State, local, and Tribal governments or the private sector. Thus, this

 rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the

 Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.



 Regulatory Flexibility Act



     The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612), as amended by

 the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 1996

 (SBREFA), generally requires an agency to prepare a regulatory

 flexibility analysis of any rule whenever an agency is required by the

 Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553) or any other law to publish

 a proposed rule, unless the agency certifies that the rule will not

 have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small

 entities. None of the borrowers under the Community Facility Loan

 program are small businesses. Thus, this rule will not have a

 significant impact on a substantial number of small businesses.



 Executive Order 13132--Federalism



     The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial

 direct effect on states, on the relationship between the National

 Government and the states, or on the distribution of power and

 responsibilities among the various levels of government. Nor does this

 rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on state and local

 governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not required.



 E-Government Act Compliance



     The Agency is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to

 promote the use of the Internet and



 [[Page 43932]]



 other information technologies to provide increased opportunities for

 citizen access to Government information and services, and for other

 purposes.



 Paperwork Reduction Act



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the Agency

 is now seeking the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) approval of

 the reporting and recordkeeping requirements contained in this rule.

 With the permission of OMB, the Agency will be temporarily using these

 forms and recordkeeping requirements while seeking comments on the

 information collection.

     Title: Community Facility Loans.

     OMB Number: 0575--new.

     Type of Request: New collection.

     Abstract: This is a new information collection. This information is

 vital to the Agency to make wise decisions regarding the eligibility of

 certain qualified lenders to be ``re-lenders'' under the Community

 Facility Loan program to ensure that funds obtained from the Government

 are used appropriately. This collection of information is necessary in

 order to implement the re-lender provisions of the modified Community

 Facility Loan program.

     The following estimates are based on the average over the first

 three years the re-lender provisions are in place.

     Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of

 information is estimated to average 67 hours per response. This

 submission is for 20 respondents with 790 responses and 1,462 burden

 hours. Rural Development estimates 20 re-lender applications, 10 re-

 lenders approved for funding and 50 applicant loans among the 10 re-

 lenders on an annual basis. The estimated number of total man-hours on

 an annual basis is 1,462 for a total cost of $121,346 ($83 x 1,462).

 The cost of the regulations as a burden to the public was computed on

 the basis of $83.00 per hour. This is the wage class most comparable to

 what eligible nonprofit employee compensation would be to process the

 information requested. This is the same wage class used in the

 Intermediary Relending Program which has a similar type of re-lender

 (0570-0021 dated February 2016).

     Respondents: Lending institutions.

     Estimated Number of Respondents: 20.

     Estimated Number of Responses: 790.

     Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 1,462.

     Rural Development is amending its CF Direct Loan regulation to

 enable the Agency to make loans to qualified re-lenders. Information

 collected from the re-lender is necessary to determine re-lender

 eligibility which includes legal authority, compliance with federal,

 state, and local requirements, experience, and financial strength. Upon

 OMB approval, this collection package and burden will be merged into

 the existing Community Facility Loans burden package--OMB No. 0575-

 0015.

     The information will be collected by the RD national office and

 field offices from re-lenders. This information is used to determine

 re-lender eligibility to participate in the Community Facilities

 program, to document that re-lenders have adequate security to protect

 the financial interest of the Government and to provide on-going

 reporting data to ascertain re-lenders operate on a sound basis

 including adhering to civil rights requirements.

     To participate in the CF re-lender provision, re-lenders must make

 application to RD, provide financial information, certifications and

 other documentation to support their eligibility and priority to

 receive funding. Documents or documentation in this category include

 the following:

     Reporting Requirements--Non Forms:

      Documentation of Legal Powers: Only re-lenders with legal

 authority to make and service loans involving community infrastructure

 and development will be eligible. Documentation may come in the form of

 a legal opinion or a copy of the re-lenders organizational documents.

      Certification of compliance with federal, state and local

 requirements: Re-lenders responsible for administering a loan fund need

 to understand and be in compliance with laws impacting their operations

 and the operations of the clients they serve. Examples include local

 building requirements, state laws regarding certificates of need for

 health care facilities, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, and environmental

 compliance.

      Documentation of Serving Persistent Poverty County(ies) or

 High Poverty Areas: Re-lenders are required to provide documentation of

 their current portfolio or experience providing loans in Persistent

 Poverty County(ies) or High Poverty Area(s) to determine eligibility

 and priority. This documentation is also used in the evaluation factors

 and does not need to be duplicated.

      Documentation from a Financial Institution that an

 Irrevocable Letter of Credit (or a performance guarantee) acceptable to

 the Agency will be issued if re-lender is approved for funding: Re-

 lenders will provide this documentation at the time of application for

 eligibility. The purpose of this documentation (also referred to as a

 ``Letter of Intent'') is to insure Rural Development that the re-lender

 is creditworthy for the amount of financial assistance requested.

      Documentation Regulated and Supervised by a Federal or

 State Banking Regulatory Agency, Subject to Credit Examination, Not on

 a Watch List, and No Regulatory Actions Outstanding: We estimate

 approximately 45% of re-lenders will provide this documentation for

 eligibility. The documentation insures Rural Development that the re-

 lender has the requisite capital, asset quality, management, earnings,

 liquidity, and sensitivity to market risk to operate a federally

 financed loan fund.

      Documentation of strong Financial Strength and Performance

 rating: We estimate approximately 20% of re-lenders will provide this

 documentation for eligibility. The assessment, conducted by an

 independent third party, evaluates overall creditworthiness based on an

 analysis of past financial performance, current financial strength, and

 apparent risk factors. The documentation insures Rural Development that

 the re-lender has the requisite capital, asset quality, management,

 earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity to market risk to operate a

 federally financed loan fund.

      Documentation of being a financially sound institution: We

 estimate approximately 35% of re-lenders will need to undergo an

 assessment by Rural Development to assess their capital adequacy,

 adequate liquidity, management capabilities, repayment ability, credit

 worthiness, balance sheet equity  & other financial factors. To conduct

 the assessment, Rural Development requires the following documentation:

     A. 3 years audited financial statements.

     B. Interim financial statements as of most recent quarter end.

     C. Auditor's most recent management letter and management's

 response.

     D. Operating Budget versus Actual for last completed fiscal year

 and most recent quarter-end.

     E. Schedule of outstanding debt (name of creditor, balance,

 origination and maturity dates, note rate, collateralization), and

 attach covenants.

     F. Schedule of 5 largest sources of grant funding over each of the

 last 3 fiscal years (including grantor name, amount granted,

 description of allowable uses or any restrictions).

     G. Schedule of 5 largest investors over each of the last 3 fiscal

 years (including investor name, total investment, form of investment,

 description of allowable uses or any restrictions).



 [[Page 43933]]



     H. Schedule of any other funding sources, including off-balance

 sheet financing, for the last completed fiscal year and most recent

 quarter-end.

     I. List and description of any contingent liabilities.

     J. Schedule of loans receivable (including borrower, loan type,

 description of collateral, original and maturity dates, note rate,

 current status e.g. delinquency or nonaccrual).

     K. Schedule of loans restructured and modified in each of the last

 3 fiscal years and most recent YTD (including borrower, pre and post-

 mod loan terms, and current payment status).

     L. Schedule of loans charged off in each of the last 3 fiscal years

 and most recent YTD, with any recoveries realized.

     M. Any external loan reviews performed over the last 3 years.

     N. Bylaws.

     O. Credit policies and procedures (loan underwriting, servicing,

 portfolio management).

     P. Loan risk grading and assessment system.

     Q. Enterprise risk management policies and procedures.

     R. Disaster recovery plan.

     S. Accounting policies (including loss reserve policies).

     T. Staff organizational chart, including names and titles for

 senior staff.

     U. Organizational chart showing relationships to any parents,

 subsidiaries, or affiliates.

     V. Management Team resumes.

     W. Succession plans for key leadership and staff.

     X. Board roster, with affiliations.

     Y. Board meeting minutes for past year.

     Z. Board meeting packets for last year.

     AA. Most recent strategic plan.

     BB. Most recent annual report.

     CC. Description of programs, financial and non-financial products

 and services.

      Documentation of Legal, Non-governmental Status (except

 for Tribal governments): Only non-governmental organizations (except

 for Tribal governments) will be eligible to participate as a re-lender.

 Documentation may come in the form of a legal opinion or a copy of the

 re-lenders organizational documents. This documentation is also used to

 determine legal powers and does not need to be duplicated.

      Documentation of Membership in a National Organization

 that provides training, technical assistance and credit evaluation or

 certified by a Government agency as having a primary mission of

 promoting development in low-income target markets and performs

 training and technical assistance as part of that mission: This

 documentation is used to determine re-lender eligibility. The purpose

 of the information is to provide Rural Development with assurances of

 the re-lender's basic credentials and professional standing in their

 industry and that their mission is aligned with the goals of the re-

 lending provision.

      Certification to loan a majority of funds to applicants

 whose projects are located in or serve Persistent Poverty County(ies)

 or High Poverty Area(s): This certification for eligibility will

 provide to Rural Development the re-lender's commitment to providing

 economic benefit in areas of greatest need in rural America. Rural

 Development will review the re-lender's loan disbursements to determine

 that this eligibility criteria is met.

      RD Instruction 1970-A, Exhibit H, ``Multi-tier Action

 Environmental Compliance Agreement'': This agreement is signed by the

 re-lender (primary recipient of the loan funds) before Rural

 Development moves forward with obligation of the initial aggregated

 funds. The agreement stipulates the re-lender's environmental

 compliance requirements for applicant loans.

      Documentation of Assistance Provided to Rural Development

 Employees (written): Re-lenders must identify and report any known

 relationship or association with an RD employee such as close personal

 association, immediate family, close relatives, or business associates.

 This includes any assistance provided to employees.

      Documentation of each evaluation factor (written): Re-

 lender applications will be prioritized for funding based on years of

 loan fund experience, lending history in Persistent Poverty County(ies)

 or Poverty Areas, and discretionary points for geographic distribution,

 emergency conditions, and natural disasters.

      Workers Compensation Insurance, if applicable: This form

 of insurance is normal in any organization and Rural Development

 requires it to be available at the time of application. However,

 insurance requirements will not normally exceed those proposed by the

 re-lender.

      Irrevocable Letter of Credit: This document (or a

 performance guarantee) acceptable to the Agency serves as security for

 the loan between the re-lender and Rural Development and will be

 required by all re-lenders prior to loan disbursement. This document is

 issued by a financial institution.

      Loan Origination and Servicing--applicant eligibility:

 Applicants will apply directly to re-lenders for financial assistance.

 Re-lenders will be responsible for insuring applicants and the

 applicant's projects are eligible under 7 CFR 1942 Subpart A, Community

 Facilities Loan program and underwriting the loans for financial

 feasibility. Applicants applying to re-lenders will meet the same

 application requirements as applicant's applying to Rural Development

 including all environmental review requirements of 7 CFR 1970. No

 additional burden by Rural Development will be placed on the applicant.

 Re-lenders will pass through to Rural Development certain applicant

 documents to obtain Rural Development concurrence in applicant

 eligibility, project eligibility and eligible rural area.

      Loan Origination and Servicing--reporting: Rural

 Development will monitor the re-lender's portfolio on a quarterly and

 annual basis to insure the re-lender remains a financially sound

 institution in compliance with its Re-lender's Agreement.

     Reporting Requirements--Forms:

      RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions'' (OMB

 Control No. 0575-0015: The re-lender completes this form to indicate

 the intent to meet the conditions of the loan closing(s). This

 information is necessary for Rural Development to continue further

 processing of the loan application.

      RD 1942-55 ``Re-lender's Agreement'': This agreement is

 necessary to insure the re-lender is informed about its

 responsibilities and agrees to comply. The agreement covers among other

 things the following information: loan terms; disbursement procedures;

 responsibilities related to compliance with 7 CFR 1942, Subpart A with

 respect to eligible applicants and projects, Civil Rights,

 environmental, security, planning, bidding, contracting, construction

 and servicing; collateral, insurance and reporting requirements; and

 default provisions.

      RD 1942-56, ``Promissory Note'': This document is executed

 by the re-lender as evidence of its indebtedness to Rural Development.

      RD 1942-57, ``Loan Resolution Security Agreement'': This

 document is executed by the re-lender to attest to its legal authority

 as an organization to enter into the specific loan transaction, and

 provides for the pledging of certain assets to secure Rural

 Development's loan to the re-lender.

      RD 440-11, ``Estimate of Funds needed for 30-day Period

 Commencing'' (OMB Control No. 0575-0015): This form is a request used

 by the re-lender



 [[Page 43934]]



 to indicate the amount of funds required for a 30-day period. It is

 concurred in by Rural Development as to the reasonableness of the

 amount.

      RD 440-24, Position Fidelity Schedule Bond Declarations of

 other evidence of coverage (OMB Control No. 0575-0015: This form may be

 used by organizations (where permitted by state law) to provide

 fidelity bond coverage for certain officials entrusted with funds. It

 is required at application and thereafter annually as a reporting

 requirement.

      RD 442-7, ``Operating Budget'' (OMB Control No. 0575-

 0015): The form is used by the re-lender to project income and expense

 items and a complete cash flow through the first full year of the loan

 proceeds. These projections are necessary in determining the source and

 reliability of the projected income and the adequacy of resources to

 repay the loan in a timely manner.

      RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement'' (OMB Control No.

 0575-0018): The form is completed by the re-lender when construction

 work is subject to the provisions of the Civil Rights compliance

 requirements that contractors cannot discriminate against any employee

 or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, sex, or

 national origin.

      RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement'' (OMB Control No. 0575-

 0018): The form is completed by the re-lender and used to confirm that

 recipients of Rural Development loans have been reminded of their

 obligation to comply with all provisions of the Civil Rights Act of

 1964 and regulations of Rural Development.

      AD-1047, ``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension &

 Other Responsibility Matters--Primary Covered Transactions (OMB Control

 No. 0505-0027): USDA regulations published at 2 CFR parts 180 and 417

 implement the government-wide debarment and suspension system for

 USDA's non procurement transactions. Applicants and re-lenders are

 required to provide certification under these regulations. Form AD-1047

 may be used to obtain the required certification.

      SF 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance'' (OMB

 Control No. 4040-0004): Re-lenders use this form to apply under the re-

 lending provision. This is a common form, and as such, the numbers have

 been accounted for through the Request for Common Forms.

      SF 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs

 (OMB Control No. 4040-0006): Re-lenders use this form to project costs

 and expenses for the re-lending provision. The form also provides Rural

 Development information on matching funds.

      SF 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs (OMB

 Control No. 4040-0007): Re-lenders read and sign this form to indicate

 the organization's intent to comply with the laws, regulations, and

 policies to which a loan is subject.

      AD 3030, ``Representations Regarding Felony Convictions

 and Tax Delinquency Status for Corporate Applicants'' and AD 3031,

 ``Assurances Regarding Felony Convictions and Tax Delinquency Status

 for Corporate Applicants'' (OMB Control No. 0505-0025): Completed by

 the re-lender once at the time of application. These two forms are

 required by Public Law 114-113.

      SF LLL, ``Certification of Non-Lobbying Activities or

 Disclosure of Lobbying Activities'' (OMB Control No. 4040-0013): Re-

 lenders who are awarded loans over $100,000 and/or lobby are required

 to complete this form.

      SF 3881, ACH Vendor/Miscellaneous Payment Enrollment Form

 (OMB Control No. 1510-0056): The re-lender and its financial

 institution will complete this form and provide it to Rural

 Development. The information contained in the form will be used to

 establish an electronic transfer of loan funds to the re-lender.

     Recordkeeping Requirements:

      Quarterly Financial Statements: Re-lenders will be

 required to submit financial statements quarterly to Rural Development.

 Rural Development will use the information to monitor the credit

 worthiness and paying capacity of the re-lender. Financial statements

 will include a verification by an official of the re-lender's

 organization.

      Quarterly report of re-lent loans: Re-lenders will provide

 a report that includes the following: Borrower name, outstanding

 principal and interest balance, status, amount and due date of the next

 installment due, and servicing actions conducted for any delinquent

 loan. Rural Development will use the information to monitor the current

 credit worthiness and paying capacity of the borrowers and to insure

 that re-lenders are adequately servicing the loan accounts in

 compliance with the Re-lender's Agreement.

      Annual Audit: Annual audits are required from all re-

 lenders. The audits help Rural Development determine if the operations

 are sound and the intended services are being provided to the public.

 Often Rural Development can use the audits to predict developing

 financial problems and suggest corrective steps before the problems

 become serious.

      Financial Strength and Performance Rating: Re-lenders will

 provide Rural Development with their most recent Financial Strength and

 Performance Rating, not more than 3 years old, as conducted by an

 independent third party. The assessment includes overall

 creditworthiness based on an analysis of past financial performance,

 current financial strength, and apparent risk factors. The

 documentation insures Rural Development that the re-lender continues to

 have the requisite capital, asset quality, management, earnings,

 liquidity, and sensitivity to market risk to operate a federally

 financed loan fund.

      Certification Re-lender and Borrower have met requirements

 of 7 CFR 3575.42 and 7 CFR 3575.43: Re-lenders are required to inform

 Borrowers of their responsibility for planning, bidding, contracting

 and construction and certify at the end of construction that all funds

 were utilized for authorized purposes.

      Civil Rights data: Re-lenders are required to comply with

 Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. They will collect and

 maintain data on Applicants by race, sex, and national origin, and

 ensure that Applicants also collect and maintain the same data on

 beneficiaries. Rural Development will use the information to conduct a

 compliance review once every three years.

      Documentation of providing funds to Persistent Poverty

 County(ies) and High Poverty Area(s): Re-lenders will provide this

 documentation to meet the additional terms specified in the annual

 Notice so Rural Development can monitor the re-lender's agreement to

 loan a majority of funds to applicants whose projects are located in

 these areas. Documentation is accessible to the re-lender at public Web

 sites identified by Rural Development in the annual Notice.

     Information needed is specific to each re-lender. The Agency has

 many requirements that involve certifications from the re-lender as

 well as other parties involved. The Agency could not comply with

 legislative mandates without these certifications. All of the public

 use forms have been automated and put on the internet to comply with

 the Government Paperwork Elimination Act; however, at this time, the

 Agency is not collecting any of this information through an electronic

 application system. Based on the eGov initiative, all efforts will be

 made to comply with the migration of federal forms into web-



 [[Page 43935]]



 based fillable format consistent with the Agency's timeline.

     The Agency has reviewed all loan programs it administers to

 determine which programs may be similar in intent and purpose. The

 Agency has other programs that are similar. If there were simultaneous

 participation in more than one Agency's programs, the Agency would make

 every effort to accommodate the requests within the same set of

 applications and processing forms. This effort is presently facilitated

 by assignment of management of these programs to the same program area

 of responsibility. If a re-lender is applying for or receiving a loan

 from another Federal agency, forms and documents furnished by the other

 agency would be utilized to the extent possible.

     Information to be collected is in a format designed to minimize the

 paperwork burden on small businesses and other small entities. The

 information collected is the minimum needed by the Agency to approve

 loans and monitor re-lender performance.

     The information collected under this program is considered to be

 the minimum necessary to conform to the requirements of the program

 regulations established by law. Information is collected only when

 needed, and we believe no reduction of collection is possible. Failure

 to collect proper information could result in improper determinations

 of eligibility, improper use of funds, and/or unsound loans.



 Non-Discrimination Policy



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) Email: Program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



 Invitation To Comment



     The Agency is interested in receiving comments on all aspects of

 the interim rule. Thus, the Agency encourages interested persons and

 organizations to submit written comments, which may include data,

 suggestions, or opinions. Commenters should include their name,

 address, and other appropriate contact information. If persons with

 disabilities (e.g., deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech difficulties)

 require an alternative means of receiving this notice (e.g., Braille,

 large print, audiotape) in order to submit comments, please contact

 USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

     Comments may be submitted by any of the means identified in the

 ADDRESSES section. If comments are submitted by mail or hand delivery,

 they should be submitted in an unbound format, no larger than letter-

 size, suitable for copying and electronic filing. If confirmation of

 receipt is requested, a stamped, self-addressed, postcard or envelope

 should be enclosed. RD will consider all comments received during the

 comment period and will address comments in the preamble to the final

 regulation.



 List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 1942



     Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities,

 Grant programs--Housing and community development, Industrial park,

 Loan programs--Housing and community development, Loan security, Rural

 areas, Waste treatment and disposal--Domestic, Water supply--Domestic.



     For the reasons stated in the preamble, Chapter XVIII, Title 7 of

 the Code of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:



 PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS



 0

 1. The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:



     Authority:  5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.



 Subpart A--Community Facility Loans



 0

 2. Amend Sec.  1942.1 by revising paragraph (a) to read as follows:





 Sec.  1942.1  General.



     (a) This subpart outlines the policies and procedures for making

 and processing direct loans for Community Facilities except fire and

 rescue and other small essential community facility loans and water and

 waste disposal facilities. This subpart applies to Community Facilities

 loans for fire and rescue and other small essential community facility

 loans only as specifically provided for in subpart C of this part.

 Water and waste loans are provided for in part 1780 of this title.

     (1) The policies and procedures in this subpart address both loans

 between the Agency and the applicant and between the Agency and an

 approved eligible re-lender who then relends the funds to eligible

 applicants for eligible projects under this subpart.

     (2) The Agency shall cooperate fully with State, Tribal and local

 agencies in making loans to assure maximum support to the State and

 Tribal strategies for rural development. State Directors and their

 staffs shall maintain coordination and liaison with State agency and

 substate planning districts. Funds allocated for use under this subpart

 are also for the use of Indian tribes within the State, regardless of

 whether State development strategies include Indian reservations within

 the State's boundaries. Indians residing on such reservations must have

 equal opportunity to participate in the benefits of these programs as

 compared with other residents of the State.

     (3) Federal statutes provide for extending Agency financial

 programs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin,

 marital status, age, or physical/mental handicap. The participants must

 possess the capacity to enter into legal contracts under State and

 local statutes.

     (4) Any processing or servicing activity conducted pursuant to this

 subpart involving authorized assistance to Agency employees, members of

 their families, known close relatives, or business or close personal

 associates, is



 [[Page 43936]]



 subject to the provisions of subpart D of part 1900 of this chapter.

 Applicants for this assistance are required to identify any known

 relationship or association with an Agency employee.

 * * * * *

 0

 3. Add Sec.  1942.30 to read as follows:





 Sec.  1942.30  Re-lending.



     The provisions in this section establish the process by which the

 Agency may make loans to eligible re-lenders who then in turn re-loan

 the funds to eligible applicants for eligible projects under this

 subpart. This section may be supplemented by provisions in annual

 notices published in the Federal Register. In such notices, the Agency

 may impose, among other things, limits on the total amount of funds to

 be used through this process and the amount of the loan funding that

 will be provided to each re-lender.

     (a) Re-lender eligibility. Re-lenders must meet each of the

 following requirements:

     (1) Demonstrate the legal authority necessary to make and service

 loans involving community infrastructure and development similar to the

 type of projects listed in Sec.  1942.17(d);

     (2) Meet federal, state and local requirements in accordance with

 Sec.  1942.17(k);

     (3) As specified in the annual Federal Register notice, demonstrate

 that a percent of its portfolio is for projects located in or serving

 Persistent Poverty County(ies) or High Poverty Areas, or that the Re-

 lender has a minimum amount of experience making loans for projects

 located in or serving Persistent Poverty County(ies) or High Poverty

 Area(s);

     (4) Agree to provide adequate collateral, as determined by the

 Agency, to support the loan request;

     (5) Provide a Letter of Intent from a financial institution that an

 Irrevocable Letter of Credit (or performance guarantee) acceptable to

 the Agency will be issued by the financial institution if the Re-lender

 is approved for funding;

     (6) As specified in the annual Federal Register notice, agree to

 provide an Irrevocable Letter of Credit (or performance guarantee)

 acceptable to the Agency in the minimum amount equal to the principal

 and interest installments due the Agency during the first five (5)

 years of the loan, prior to receiving loan disbursements;

     (7) Demonstrate one of the following, as provided in the annual

 Federal Register notice:

     (i) Re-lender is regulated and supervised by a Federal or State

 Banking Regulatory Agency that is subject to credit examination, AND

 the institution, its subsidiaries, holding companies, and affiliates

 are not on their respective regulatory agency's watch list and have no

 regulatory actions outstanding against them;

     (ii) Re-lender has a strong Financial Strength and Performance

 Rating as specified in the annual Federal Register notice. The achieved

 rating must indicate financial strength, performance, and risk

 management practices that consistently provide for safe and sound

 operations; or

     (iii) At the time of application, Re-lender provides written

 documentation, acceptable to the Agency, from a financial institution

 that an Irrevocable Letter of Credit (or performance guarantee)

 acceptable to the Agency will be issued by the financial institution,

 if the Re-lender is approved for funding; and the Re-lender:

     (A) Obtains a strong Financial Strength and Performance Rating as

 specified in the Annual Federal Register notice prior to any funds

 being advanced; or

     (B) Proves to be a financially sound institution as determined by

 the Agency in accordance with the annual Federal Register notice;

     (8) Be a legal, non-governmental entity at the time of application

 (with the exception of Tribal governmental entities);

     (9) Be a member of a national organization that provides training,

 technical assistance and credit evaluation of member organizations,

 such as FDIC, NCUA or other similar organizations; or be certified by a

 Government agency as having a primary mission of promoting community

 development in low-income target markets and perform training and

 technical assistance as part of that mission;

     (10) Agrees to loan a majority of Agency funds, as specified in the

 annual Federal Register notice, to applicants whose projects are

 located in or serve Persistent Poverty County(ies) or High Poverty

 Area(s); and

     (11) Meet any other criteria specified by the Agency in the annual

 Notice published in the Federal Register.

     (b) Applicant and project eligibility. To be eligible for a CF

 Direct loan from a re-lender under this section,

     (1) The applicant must meet the eligibility requirements found in

 this subpart, including but not limited to those in Sec.  1942.2(a)(2)

 regarding the inability to obtain credit elsewhere and Sec.  1942.17(b)

 and (k);

     (2) The applicant must comply with any other criteria specified by

 the Agency in the annual Program Notice published in the Federal

 Register; and

     (3) The project must:

     (i) Meet all of the eligibility requirements for a project found in

 this subpart, including but not limited to Sec.  1942.17(b)(2), (d),

 (e), and (g) and all environmental review requirements as specified in

 Sec.  1942.2(b) and 7 CFR part 1970; and

     (ii) Meet any additional requirements that may be specified in the

 program's annual Notice published in the Federal Register.

     (c) Application submission requirements. To apply for funds under

 this section, a Re-lender must timely submit all items as specified in

 the annual Federal Register notice.

     (d) Evaluation criteria. The Agency will score and rank all

 eligible and complete Re-lender applications based upon the evaluation

 factors set out in the annual Federal Register notice, including but

 not limited to: Lending experience and strength of the re-lender,

 poverty and project service area, and Administrator's discretionary

 points.

     (e) Other Re-lender requirements. Prior to receiving a direct loan

 from the Agency, the eligible re-lender must:

     (1) Enter into a Re-lender's agreement provided by the Agency;

     (2) Execute a promissory note;

     (3) Provide an Agency approved Irrevocable Letter of Credit (or

 performance guarantee) acceptable to the Agency in the minimum amount

 equal to the principal and interest installments due during the first

 five (5) years of the loan, prior to receiving any loan disbursements;

     (4) Provide adequate collateral satisfactory to the agency; and

     (5) Meet any other loan conditions as described in the annual

 Notice published in the Federal Register.

     (f) Loan origination and servicing--(1)Re-lenders. After the Agency

 loan is made to the Re-lender, the Re-lender is responsible for:

     (i) Presenting to the Agency eligible CF direct loan applications

 in accordance with this subpart and any additional terms established in

 the applicable annual Notice published in the Federal Register;

     (ii) Underwriting and servicing each loan reviewed and approved by

 the Agency under this section;

     (iii) Submitting reports to the Agency after any loan disbursement

 as specified in the annual Federal Register notice;

     (iv) Certifying to the Agency that the Re-lender and Borrower have

 met the requirements of 7 CFR 3575.42 and 3575.43 for planning,

 bidding, contracting and construction, as specified in the annual

 Federal Register Notice;

     (v) Complying with other Agency requirements as specified in the

 annual



 [[Page 43937]]



 Federal Register notice concerning environmental, civil rights, and

 other applicable Federal state, and local law;

     (vi) Obtaining disbursement of loan funds according to this section

 and the annual Federal Register notice within 5 years. Any loan funds

 not disbursed within that time will be deobligated and become

 unavailable for disbursement.

     (2) Agency responsibilities. (i) Based on the information presented

 by the Re-lender and any additional information that may be requested

 by the Agency, the Agency will determine the eligibility of the

 applicant and project under this subpart.

     (ii) The Agency will notify the re-lender of its determination and

 any administrative review or appeal rights for Agency decisions made

 under this subpart. Programmatic decisions based on clear and objective

 statutory or regulatory requirements are not appealable; however, such

 decisions are reviewable for appealability by the National Appeals

 Division (NAD). The applicant and re-lender may appeal any Agency

 decision that directly and adversely impacts them. For an adverse

 decision that impacts the applicant, the re-lender and applicant must

 jointly execute a written request for appeal for an alleged adverse

 decision made by the Agency. An adverse decision that only impacts the

 re-lender may be appealed by the re-lender only. A decision by a re-

 lender adverse to the interest of an applicant or borrower is not a

 decision by the Agency, whether or not concurred in by the Agency.

 Appeals will be conducted by USDA NAD and will be handled in accordance

 with 7 CFR part 11.

     (iii) For approved eligible borrowers and projects, the Agency will

 confirm that all environmental requirements as specified in this

 subpart and 7 CFR part 1970 have been met and that the Re-lender has

 provided adequate security for its loan, before the Agency will

 disburse funds to the Re-lender;

     (iv) The Agency will service each re-lender's loan in accordance

 with 7 CFR part 1951, subpart E. The Agency may suspend further

 disbursements, and pursue any other available and appropriate remedies,

 if any of the re-lender loans become troubled, delinquent, or otherwise

 in default status, or if the re-lender is not meeting the terms of its

 Relender's Agreement.



     Dated: June 29, 2016.

 Lisa Mensah,

 Under Secretary, Rural Development.

     Dated: June 29, 2016.

 Alexis Taylor,

 Deputy Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.

 [FR Doc. 2016-16005 Filed 7-5-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday

Loebsack touts USDA Rural Development programs during Ottumwa visit

BYLINE: Cindy Toopes, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 689 words


Feb. 3--OTTUMWA -- Congressman Dave Loebsack knows rural Iowa needs help.

That's why he's on the road doing USDA Rural Development Roundtables with USDA
Undersecretary Dallas Tonsager. More than 30 people filled City Hall's council
chambers Tuesday afternoon to listen and ask questions.

Loebsack said the roundtable would offer information "on USDA programs that
communities can utilize to assist with economic development and job creation."

"It's important to gather folks and find out their concerns," he said. "USDA
Rural Development has 42 programs that can help."

Loebsack then asked Tonsager to explain some of the programs and procedures. The
congressman also said Tonsager was "a farmer in South Dakota and did great work
with cooperatives."

Tonsager said the USDA has 500 office sites and 6,000 employees. He works with
Tom Vilsack, a former Iowa governor and now U.S. Agriculture Secretary.

Two questions have emerged from the last decade, according to Tonsager.

"How do we invest in our communities, the infrastructure and schools? How do we
invest in ourselves?" he said. "One way was biofuels, which helped the economy
and gave us markets. We have the opportunity to invest in local communities and
USDA has programs with a wide range of assistance, from building a large
generating station to fixing a house roof."

Loebsack said officials may have to "raise the minimum balance" because
Ottumwa's population is "too high for rural housing."

Former Ottumwan Jeff Heland of Burlington said his city is too big to qualify
for USDA's help.

For a growing community, Loebsack said "there are consequences, such as not
getting help."

Heland agreed there were a number of consequences, "such as being underfunded
for 9-1-1 agencies."

"We can see that happening with our First Responders," Heland said. "We bump
into not even having matching funds or the people to do the grant applications.
And, there are aging issues. Do you have grants for nursing homes?"

"No, just loans," Tonsager said.

Shirley Stacey, mayor of Eldon, wanted to know what's available to attract
business to her town.

"I've had inquiries from a meat processing business," she said. "I want more
than a post office, a grain dealer and gas station in Eldon."

Loebsack said he was sure "putting the American Gothic House sign on the highway
has attracted many travelers."

"Yes, we do pull them in off the road," she said.

Ottumwa Mayor Dale Uehling said the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
has rules and places like Eldon and Eddyville, or other communities with
lagoons, will be required to treat storm-water runoff.

"It's disastrous for small, rural communities," he said. "And I have concern for
livestock farmers due to the EPA's rulings."

REAP is one of the USDA programs is fairly well known in Wapello County. The
acronym stands for "Rural Energy for America Program." The objective is to
"purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements; and, do stand-alone feasibility studies."

Approved REAP applicants are ag producers and small businesses. Funding is
through grants, loan guarantees and eventually direct loans.

Loebsack said broadband for rural residents is important and he hopes people
will pursue it. The USDA's program is "Rural Broadband Loan and Loan Guarantee."

"Access to the Internet is critical to get," he added.

While seated with Loebsack and Tonsager, Randy Campbell also answered questions.
He's the area director for USDA Rural Development and he covers Appanoose,
Davis, Lucas, Jasper, Mahaska, Marion, Monroe, Poweshiek, Wapello and Wayne
counties.

To find out more about USDA Rural Development programs, contact Area Director
Randy Campbell, (641) 932-3031; or, go online to www.rurdv.usda.gov/ia

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100203-OT-Loebsack-touts-USDA-Rural-Development-programs-during-Ottumwa-visit-
0203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                                 Copyright 2010


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Business Times (Singapore)

Nokia Group raises US$ 21.8m loan for Philippine deal

                               September 1, 1994


SINGAPORE -The local subsidiary of the Finland-based Nokia Group has raised a
US$ 21.8 million (S$ 32.7 million) loan to support its US$ 30 million GSM
cellular telecommunications network turnkey supply contract with Globe Telecom
of the Philippines.

The loan involved an export credit agency guarantee, construction finance and
the use of derivatives, according to BankAmerica Singapore Ltd, the
Singapore-based merchant banking arm of Bank of America which acted as financial
adviser to Nokia for this transaction. BankAmerica Singapore arranged and
underwrote the entire facility, which involved a total of eight financial
institutions from Asia, Europe and the United States.

BankAmerica said yesterday that there was considerable interest from lenders for
this facility, leading to an oversubscription of the loan amount from potential
lenders. Bank-America did not say by how much the loan amount was
oversubscribed. This oversubscription represented the financial community's
confidence in the telecommunications industry as well as in the financial
strength and management of the parties involved.

The lead manager for the facility was the Manila branch of BankAmerica, while
Westdeutsche Landesbank was the co-lead manager. The managers include the
Singapore branches of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China,
Kansallis-Osake-Pankki and Union Bank of Finland, Rabobank, Raiffeisen
Zentralbank and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken.


SECTION: Finance & Commodities; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 334 words

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Times Business Publications


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                           October 9, 2013 Wednesday

Fatigued lenders sell Champion Industries debt

BYLINE: by Jamie Mason

LENGTH: 887 words


Lenders toChampion Industries Inc. have sold their debt to Big 4 Investments LLC
after a forbearance agreement expired and the commercial printing company was
looking for an exit.

Big 4 Investments bought the Huntington, W.Va.-based company's outstanding debt
from a group of lenders led by administrative agent Fifth Third Bankfor $10
million, according to an Oct. 8 filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

Big 4 Investments' identity wasn't disclosed and Champion Industries Chairman
and CEO Marshall T. Reynolds declined to provide details on it during an
interview.

SEC filings, however, revealed that the Fifth Third-led group of lenders that
sold the debt outstanding includes Huntington National Bank, Suntrust Bank, Old
National Bank NA, United Bank Inc. and Summit Community Bank.

The new lender has agreed to restructure the company's term loan A, which has
$8.41 million outstanding; term loan B, with  $6.27 million owed; and revolver,
which has an outstanding balance of $6.23 million. Those pieces of debt are
being consolidated into a $10 million term note A due April 1, 2015, priced at
prime plus 200 basis points. The company will no longer have a revolving credit
facility component on its debt, the SEC filings said.

Champion Industries, which manufactures business forms, office products and
office furniture in regional markets in the U.S., must pay $50,000 per month in
principal on the new debt, which contains a financial covenant requiring that
the maximum capital expenditures be $3 million per year. There is a $500,000
prepayment fee.

The debt was personally guaranteed by Reynolds, who will receive warrants held
by the former lenders in return. Reynolds declined to comment on his personal
guarantee.

Champion Industries had said in an Oct. 4 regulatory filing that it was looking
to exit its term loan and revolving credit facility since its forbearance
agreement expired on Sept. 30 and the debt came due. Champion Industries also
noted that its lenders were in favor of an exit.

The company had been operating under a forbearance agreement with its lenders
led by Fifth Third Bank since Dec. 12. During that time, Champion Industries has
been working to restructure or refinance its debt with the lenders.

Through the forbearance agreement, which was extended and amended several times,
the company's lenders agreed not to exercise their rights on the debt through
Sept. 30.

The company owed $20.91 million on its revolving credit facility and a term loan
with the syndicate of banks led by Fifth Third Bank, as of July 31.

Champion Industries amended its credit agreement in October, giving it a term
loan A priced at Libor plus 800 basis points; a term loan B priced at 16%; and a
revolver priced at Libor plus 600 basis points.

The debt had all been set to mature on June 30, but came due on Sept. 30 when
the forbearance agreement expired.  The company failed to repay the debt when it
matured at the end of September.

The company had various defaults on its debt for failing to comply with certain
thresholds, including a minimum Ebitda covenant. Champion Industries received
notices of default from the lenders on March 25 and April 30.

The forbearance agreement required the company to sell certain assets and
reduced its revolver to $8 million from $10 million. Champion Industries did
sell its newspaper division, which operates The Herald-Dispatch, to Douglas
Reynolds for $10 million in cash in July. Douglas Reynolds is the son of
Marshall Reynolds.

The company also sold its subsidiary Blue Ridge Printing Co. to BRP Co.and 544
Haywood Rd LLCfor $1.013 million in June. The buyers included the company's
division manager, Bruce Fowler, and the son of director Glenn W. Wilcox.

Champion Industries has been working with investment banking firm Raymond James
& Associates Inc.to assist it with its debt restructuring. The company was
advised by Raj Singh at Raymond James, Marshall Reynolds said by phone.

Timothy D. Boates ofRAS Management Advisors LLC served as the company's chief
restructuring adviser, but resigned from the position on Oct. 3, according to an
SEC filing made five days later.

Singh and Boates couldn't be reached for comment.

According to Champion Industries' latest financial report, filed with the SEC on
Sept. 13, the company had $26.52 million in assets and $33.35 million in
liabilities as of July 31.

The company reported a net loss of more than $5.45 million for the nine months
ending July 31. It has $9.29 million in cash on its balance sheet.

Since 2007, Champion Industries has paid its debt down by $64.6 million "during
a significant economic and secular downturn within the economy," SEC filings
said.

The company incurred its original $85 million in debt during its acquisition of
the Herald-Dispatch, but Champion Industries has been acquisitive in other
industries, too, having bought 15 printing companies, eight office products and
office furniture companies, one company with a combined emphasis on both
printing and office products and office furniture, and a paper distribution
division (which was subsequently sold in 2001) since its initial public offering
on Jan. 28, 1993.

Champion Industries senior vice president and CFO Todd R. Fry didn't return
calls for comment.

Fifth Third Bank couldn't be reached for comment.

DEAL SIZE

$ 25-50 Million

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2013 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2014 Saturday

Berks rules out loan, pledge for ballfields

BYLINE: Dan Kelly, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


July 12--The Berks County commissioners said Friday that they won't be loaning
any money to support the efforts of BIG Vision Foundation, the organization
working to improve ballfields at the county's youth recreation facility in Bern
Township.

County Solicitor Alan S. Miller sent the notification via email to Daniel C.
Clouser, president of the nonprofit BIG Vision, formerly Berkshire Baseball
League Inc. The decision followed meetings Thursday and Friday between the
commissioners and county staff.

"Mr. Clouser the county will not be providing a loan or loan guarantee to BIG
Vision," Miller wrote.

The county's move follows a Reading Eagle story Thursday stating that a
partnership between the county and Berkshire Baseball had gone awry over funding
issues.

The commissioners had agreed in 2012 to lease the sports complex on County
Welfare Road for 20 years at $1 per year. In return, Berkshire Baseball would
make $1.5 million in improvements over the term of the lease.

The Reading Eagle article stated that field improvements, including installation
of the Berks Green Monster, a $360,000 replica of the left field wall in
Boston's Fenway Park, were made without the funding secured.

Clouser and John Smith, vice president of Forino Co., a South Heidelberg
Township construction firm, said they went ahead with $822,414 in improvements
to four baseball fields this spring after the commissioners approved a
resolution Dec. 19 to guarantee $400,000 of a $500,000 loan from the Community
First Fund. The loan was contingent on the county solicitor's approval, but that
approval never came.

Clouser clarified this week that of the $822,414 in field improvements, BIG
Vision had used its own funding to pay $286,055, but the organization is still
dealing with unpaid work totaling about $536,358. The Reading Eagle incorrectly
reported Thursday that the entire cost was unpaid.

Clouser said that on June 5 the county told organizers to stop construction
because the project was incurring huge costs with no apparent source of funding.

Reached Friday, Clouser said: "We're going to move on to plan B. We just don't
know what plan B is right now."

Smith said he wasn't sure how Forino was going to recoup the $400,000 it has
sunk into the project.

"We'll be exploring the issue with our lawyers," Smith said.

Miller, the county solicitor, said he thinks talk about legal options is
premature.

"I think everyone is jumping a step or two ahead," he said. "As far as we're
concerned, he (Clouser) has a 20-year lease to maintain the fields."

Berks Commissioner Kevin S. Barnhardt said Clouser has been all over the
ballpark with loan requests ranging from $500,000 to $7 million.

Clouser has denied proposing a $7 million deal.

Miller said Clouser was advised back in February not to ask the commissioners
for $7 million when they were already nervous about co-signing for $500,000.

"Everybody told Dan not to do it, but he went ahead and did it anyway," Miller
said. "At that point, I think he lost all credibility with a lot of people."

Contact Dan Kelly: 610-371-5040 or dkelly@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2014 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140712-RE-Berks-rules-out-loan-pledge-for-ballfields-0712-20140712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2014 Reading Eagle


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             August 21, 2009 Friday

Program benefits business owners

BYLINE: Jasen Lee Deseret News

LENGTH: 553 words


Six months ago, Robert Adams would never have guessed that he would be the owner
of a profitable small business. But thanks in part to a government program, he
and his wife, Teresa, are happy to be living their American dream. Adams is the
co-owner and director of nursing at the Midtown Manor Care Center in Salt Lake
City. The 35-year old father of four is a registered nurse by trade and had
never been a business owner before but said he always had aspirations of
becoming an entrepreneur.

"I pinch myself still," he told the Deseret News. "I can't believe it happened."
The Adamses are beneficiaries of a U.S. Small Business Administration effort
funded through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. The program
appropriated $730 million dollars in funding to the agency, aimed at expanding
access to investment capital for small businesses nationwide. The Recovery Act
contains tax breaks, market enhancements and strong lending programs, which help
foster job creation and restart lending to small businesses, according to the
Recovery.gov Web site. The SBA plan temporarily eliminates loan fees and
increases loan guarantees, agency administrator Karen Mills said. Mills spoke at
a news conference at Midtown Manor on Thursday. The nursing home provides
long-term care for just over 70 patients, most of whom are veterans, Mills said.
Locally, SBA programs have aided approximately 1,900 small businesses since last
October, according to Stan Nakano, SBA district director in Utah. "The state has
a very pro-business climate," he said. "If the lender is willing to make the
loan, we can now guarantee up to 90 percent of these loans." In addition to
increasing start-up funding capital, the SBA also implemented the America's
Recovery Capital loan program to assist existing, otherwise profitable small
businesses that are adversely affected by the economic downturn, Hayley Matz,
SBA press secretary, told the Deseret News. The ARC program provides up to
$35,000 in no-interest, deferred-payment loans to viable businesses to help them
make debt payments, she said. "It's a bridge over troubled water, if you will,"
she said. "They need a little help to pay some bills ? to make sure they see the
end of this recession." Mary Mark, president of litigation support services
company Mark & Associates, told the Deseret News that the ARC program was just
the help she needed to keep her business going during this tough economic time.
"We had our best year ever last year, then February hit and we went down," she
said. "This was a bit of a bailout for me to get to the next level." Mark said
she was grateful to have resources available to keep her company afloat until
the economy rebounds. Meanwhile, Adams said he was glad to have the chance to
build a business that could support his family and help the community. He noted
that the process of getting the loan and taking over the nursing home took four
months, and was not without its challenges. But in just a short time, the
facility is already turning a profit, he said. "It was stressful," Adams said,
"but there is no question that it was worth it." For more information on SBA
programs, visit www.sba.gov/recovery or contact the Utah district office at
801-524-3209 or www.sba.gov/localresources/district/ut/index.html. e-mail:
jlee@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 14, 2016

                CURZON - CLEVEDON COMMUNITY CENTRE FOR THE ARTS

                               46 OLD CHURCH ROAD
                                    CLEVEDON
                                      AVON
                               CLEVEDON BS21 6NN


TRADE ADDRESS: 46-48 Old Church Road, CLEVEDON BS21 6NN

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01275791858
URL: www.curzon.org.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03238712

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 16, 1996
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 21

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                Turnove
No.                                               r
03255412        CURZON COMMUNITY CINEMA     428,573
                LTD.
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Howard Stephen Coggins, Actor
     ·    David Alan Thomas, Solicitor
     ·    Ms Hilary Claire Neal, Civil Servant
     ·    Mr David James Sheridan, Solicitor
     ·    Mr Niall Johnson, Film Director
     ·    Ruth Gofton, Consultant
     ·    Mrs Gillian Ann Auden, Retired
     ·    Ms Tara Kaye Judah, Broadcaster
     ·    Mr Mark Graham, Chief Executive Health And Well Being Ce
     ·    Mr David Hartley Turner, Retired Local Government Officer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrJohn NigelBrentnall


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040
90000 - Sewage and refuse disposal, sanitation and similar activities
94110
93290
93290

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 18, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 16, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  26,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              506,269   373,217   418,288
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           506,269   373,217   418,288
Stocks                                         5,339     2,617     1,980
Debtors                                       15,807       719     1,018
Cash                                         207,215   200,801   212,813
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  16,156    10,155    10,677
Other Current Assets                         223,371   210,956   223,490
Total Current Assets                         244,517   214,292   226,488
Fixed Assets                                 506,269   373,217   418,288
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 750,786   587,509   644,776



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                     54,707     6,213    24,290
Bank Overdraft                                 2,184         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              2,371    14,041    12,281
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      2,371    14,041    12,281
Short Term Loans                               2,184         -         -
Long Term Loans                              157,816         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                          157,816         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                    1,895     1,399         -
Total Current Liabilities                     59,262    20,254    36,571
Total Long Term Liabilities                  159,711     1,399         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            218,973    21,653    36,571
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                531,813   565,856   608,205
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            531,813   565,856   608,205
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   691,524   567,255   608,205


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          472,148   361,915   382,944
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit         472,148   361,915   382,944
Operating Profit      -34043    -42349    -42799
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         -34043    -42349    -42799
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      -34043    -42349    -42799
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits      -34043    -42349    -42799
Value Added          151,651   135,456   147,211
Capital Employed     691,524   567,255   608,205
Net Worth            531,813   565,856   608,205
Working Capital      185,255   194,038   189,917
Emp. Renumeration    122,196   126,021   138,124
Dir. Renumeration         75       283     3,416
Audit Fees                 0         0         0
Non-audit Fees         5,340     6,305     4,060
Depreciation          63,498    51,784    51,886
Number of                 21        21        22
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities                 -     -6788    28,688
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And             -         -         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                          -    -12102    20,156
Net Cashflow From Financing                            -         -         -
Increase In Cash                                       -    -12102    20,156

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3 5 Years
                    Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP     GBP
Sales               30.46  23.29    6.11
Pretax             -19.61 -20.46 4,728.7
                                       9
Total Assets        27.79  16.44   11.35
Current Assets       14.1   7.96   15.01
Current            192.59  62.05  155.07
Liabilities
Capital Employed    21.91   13.7    6.22
Employee Wages      -3.04 -11.53    3.73
Number of               0  -4.55   -4.55
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  85
=
Year -1  88
=
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -4.92     -7.47     -7.04
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -4.53     -7.21     -6.64
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              -6.4     -7.48     -7.04
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -7.21     -11.7    -11.18
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           62.89      61.6     59.39
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            0.93      0.97      0.92
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        39.24     53.61     49.59
Sales / Stocks                                     88.43    138.29    193.41
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     12.22      0.73      0.97
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                4.13     10.58      6.19
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  4.04     10.45      6.14
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         30.09         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.71      0.96      0.94
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                     29.68         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        11.1      7.74     18.47
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     5,818.86     6,001  6,278.36
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  25.88     34.82     36.07
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)        -1621.1  -2016.62  -1945.41
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               22,483.2 17,234.05 17,406.55
                                                       4
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          32,929.7 27,012.14 27,645.68
                                                       1
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        24,108.0 17,772.24 19,013.09
                                                       5
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        35,751.7 27,976.62    29,308
                                                       1
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -22.45    -31.26    -29.07
Value Added / Sales (%)                            32.12     37.43     38.44
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         7,221.48  6,450.29  6,691.41
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.24      1.07      1.07
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 3.46      8.64     23.86
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.86         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.21         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 691,524

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Hollingdale Pooley

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  May 24, 1986

Civil servants' financial laxity cost taxpayer 3 million pounds / Government's
Export Credit Guarantees Department failed to monitor suspect company's
overdraft facility

BYLINE: By PAUL BROWN and JOHN HOOPER

LENGTH: 1076 words


Civil servants repeatedly ignored evidence of massive discrepancies in the
accounts of a company whose, debts were underwritten by the taxpayer. Despite
warnings from their Subordinates, officials at the Governments export Credit
Guarantees Department allowed the company to treble a Treasury-guaranteed
overdraft and pay off its debts with the proceeds of a further loan which was in
breach of the EEC's fair trading regulations.

The project for which the new loan was taken out subsequently collapsed and more
than pounds 3 million of public money was handed over to settle the firm's
liabilities.


The company went into liquidation some years ago. The Government has refused to
answer a string of parliamentary questions about the circumstances surrounding
the firm's activities.

The company financed its activities with the help of a ECGD scheme, the
comprehensive bankers' guarantee (open account), which is being wound up after
losing more than pounds 80 million. Firms covered by it receive immediate
payment for their exports from a special overdraft account.

Each export entitles a firm to draw on the account to the value of that export
and the buyer then pays the bank rather than the exporter. But if for any reason
the bank fails to get its money back from, first, the importer, or failing that,
the exporter, it is entitled to compensation from the ECGD.

For almost five years, the company put in a stream of bogus documents which
enabled it to draw out almost a million pounds.

A crucial element in the paperwork, intended to protect ECGD from bad risk, was
that where all but a small volume of business was involved, overseas importers
had to be checked out at the exporter's request to establish their credit
worthiness. The ECGD would then fix a credit limit for each buyer.

As part of the checking process, whenever the facility came up for renewal, the
turnover of the account (ie the volume of its supposed exports) was compared
with the total amount of business covered by the credit limits and it was these
checks which persistently uncovered discrepancies.

An internal ECGD memorandum dated November 1979 states 'renewal print-outs
indicate turnover of pounds 558,304 and only one credit limit for pounds
100,000.' A note scribbled on the bottom by a Mr Baker says 'Mr Rand who did the
service call says this is ok' Mr Baker is an ECGD official.

Mr Robert Rand, who is now a private credit insurance broker, was then the ECGD
regional director for the area in which the company had its offices. In a
written statement to police last January, Mr Rand said the comment 'is
consistent with my own acknowledgment of an awareness of an apparent
discrepancy. ' He added that he subsequently instructed Mr Baker to visit the
company's offices to discuss the matter.

ECGD records show that the visit was not made until the following June when,
according to Mr Rand's statement, Mr Baker saw the company secretary 'to discuss
procedures including those relating to credit limits, without any apparent
success. '

Nothing further seems to have been done until October 1980 when Mr John Wright
another ECGD official, checked the department's records before calling on the
firm prior to renewal. 'I determined that there was a reasonably high turnover
which was apparently being financed under the comprehensive bank guarantee, but
there appeared to be an insufficient number of formal credit limits held by the
company,' he told police.

He too raised the matter with the company secretary and was told that it had
been discussed with Mr Rand. When he resumed to ECGD's regional office, he
broached the subject with Mr Rand who then telephoned the firm's managing
director, and - in he presence of Mr Wright - explained to him the requirements
of the facility. A week later, Mr Rand wrote to managing director pointing out
that 'the figures do not seem to gell,' adding 'I should be grateful if you
would have a look to establish if there is a problem. '

In his own statement to the police, Mr Rand said: 'The ECGD file does not show
any record of any written response to that letter and I do not recall receiving
any telephone response.

Three months later, Mr Wright returned to the firm, accompanied by another ECGD
official, to find the managing director 'concerned that the company was not
properly covered. ' The MD promised to submit credit limit applications on all
accounts where pounds 20,000 or more was outstanding.

In October 1981 Mr Rand himself, accompanied by ECGD's area marketing manager,
made yet another visit to the company's offices when, according to Mr Rand's
statement: 'The question of inadequate credit limits was again raised. '

In the two years since the discrepancies had first come to light, the ECGD had
increased the limit on the company's open account overdraft from pounds 700,000
to pounds 2 million.

The company eventually settled the overdraft with the proceeds of a further loan
of pounds 3 million secured by the ECGD for sales to Denmark. Documents in the
possession of the Guardian show that the ECGD was aware that one of the purposes
of the new loan was to pay off the open account On August 28, 1981, Mr Phillip
Neal of ECGD wrote to the firm saying: 'We understand that upon the
establishment of these facilities the comprehensive bank guarantee facility can
be closed. '

Yet the whole basis of the open account is that the debts which accrued on it
are - or should be - settled automatically by payments from overseas buyers.
Separate, additional funds ought not to have been needed to wipe out the debts
unless, of course, the credit had been obtained by means of fictitious exports.

The arrangement whereby the company was to close the open account with new
borrowings was therefore a clear sign that the facility had not been used in the
way that it should have been. Yet, like all the others, it appears to have been
ignored.

This additional loan was subsequently modified to give firm access to cheap
rates of interest. The ECGD and the company's bankers agreed to the setting up
of a Swiss company so that the deal could be channelled through a non-EEC
country, thereby evading an EEC ban on the provision of export credit subsidies
for trade within the community.

The Danish project later collapsed and the ECGD paid to the company's bankers a
total, of pounds 3,337,158 including interest to settle its liability.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

UCPB underwrites infrastructure buildup project in Mindoro

BYLINE: Mia Rosienna Mallari

LENGTH: 466  words


The United Coconut Planters Bank (UCPB), the country's 12th-largest lender in
terms of assets, has extended a P997-million term loan to Occidental Mindoro
Consolidated Power Corp. (OMCPC) to finance the construction of a 20-megawatt
(MW) diesel-fired power plant.

Set in San Jose, Occidental Mindoro, OMCPC's first power plant is seen completed
within the month, while the commissioning of the plant is scheduled in December.

UCPB Executive Vice President and Corporate and Consumer Banking Group Head
Higinio O. Macadaeg Jr. signed the loan agreement with OMCPC officials in
September. He said the bank sees high value in projects within the energy
sector.

'The bank sees a lot of value in projects, such as this. When the power plant
becomes online, the province will have a more stable supply, which will benefit
residents and enterprises in the province,' Macadaeg said.

OMCPC President Luis Manuel T. Banzon explained that so-called rotating
brownouts in the area lasts from to 12 hours a day: 'For a time, San Jose was
known as the blackout capital of the country because it lacked supply to cover
the province's requirement and was disconnected from the main grid.'

Banzon added that the lack of a stable energy supply in the province also
hampered the economic growth of the province.

The new power plant is expected to energize not only Occidental Mindoro but also
some parts of neighboring Oriental Mindoro.

Earlier this year, UCPB also granted P167.73-million worth of loans to Misamis
Occidental Electric Cooperative I (MOELCI I) to ensure the steady supply of
electricity in the rural areas and in support of power distributors as a whole.

MOELCI I is pursuing capital expenditure projects, such as the upgrade of its
power distribution facilities and replacement of its electrification system.

The additional substation capacity will reduce system losses in the communities
they serve by 2.45 percentage points from 13.15 percent in 2011 to 10.70 percent
in 2016. Currently, MOELCI I is the main distributor of electricity to the
northern part of Misamis Occidental consisting of one city and six
municipalities with 227 barangays.

The UCPB 10-year term loan is guaranteed by the LGU Guarantee Corp. (LGUGC) up
to 80 percent of the total amount through its regular guarantee program, as well
as the World Bank's Electric Cooperative-Partial Credit Guarantee (EC-PCG)
Program.

UCPB's net income expanded by 42 percent to P1.8 billion, from P1.3 billion in
the first semester of 2016. The bank posted a loan-portfolio surge of 21 percent
to P138.6 billion. Its consumer loans, which comprise 43 percent of the total
loan portfolio, rose 29 percent.

Operating income reached P6.1 billion in the first half of 2016, 15 percent
higher than the P5.3 billion the bank posted in the same period in 2015.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             April 24, 2011 Sunday

ADB Providing $150 Million Credit Guarantees to Scale Up India's Solar Power
Sector

LENGTH: 557  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 24 -- The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will provide up to $150
million in credit guarantees to help India scale up its use of solar power as a
major renewable energy source.

The guarantees will be available to local and foreign commercial banks that
finance private sector solar power plants in the country and will cover 50% of
the payment default risk on bank loans made to project developers. The
guarantees will help mobilize long-term funding for solar energy development and
support the Government of India's push to diversify its energy mix away from a
heavy reliance on fossil fuels to lower-carbon, renewable sources.

"Solar energy is ideally suited to India because it has available land with
strong sunlight. Solar plants are easy to install, even in remote communities
that currently have no other access to energy, suit small-scale demand, and are
relatively cheap to operate and maintain," said Philip Erquiaga, Director
General of ADB's Private Sector Operations Department. "In a world of depleting
fossil fuels, solar energy is a long-term, sustainable solution to India's
energy needs and security."

India's solar energy potential is among the best in the world with around 300
sunny days a year. Companies have been slow to tap that potential, however,
because of the high up-front costs of solar plants and a lack of affordable
long-term finance from banks. ADB's partial guarantees on loans of up to 15
years will make the longer-tenor loans to solar power projects more attractive
to banks and the projects. These guarantees will support projects of up to 25
megawatts. ADB is also separately considering direct finance for larger solar
power projects with the private sector in India.

"What we do in the next 2-3 years is critical for the solar program in India.
Banks that finance projects alongside ADB will become more comfortable with
solar power and this in turn will eventually transform market risk perceptions
and induce other banks to lend to the sector without ADB support," said Don
Purka, Senior Investment Officer in ADB's Private Sector Operations Department.

The Government of India last year established the Jawaharlal Nehru National
Solar Mission under which it intends to commission 20,000 megawatts in
grid-connected solar power by 2022 to help fill persistent energy shortages in
the country. The first step to that is building smaller plants that can
ultimately be scaled up.

Alongside the guarantees, ADB is also providing $1.25 million to provide
training on solar technology and risk issues and assist participating banks to
carry out technical due diligence on individual solar projects. A grant of
$500,000 will be provided from ADB's concessional Technical Assistance Special
Fund, with the other $750,000 grant coming from the Government of
Japan-established Asian Clean Energy Fund. This fund is part of the
ADB-administered Clean Energy Financing Partnership Facility.

The guarantees support ADB's Asia Solar Energy Initiative which ADB announced a
year ago to promote the development of solar energy in developing member
countries into a competitive and prominent energy source. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Government extends loan guarantee to mill; ? Five-year pact with Twin Rivers
Paper Company worth $7.5 million

BYLINE: shawn berry legislature bureau ?

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 399  words


FREDERICTON - The New Brunswick government is extending a $7.5-million loan
guarantee to Twin Rivers Paper Company.

The provincial cabinet approved the five-year guarantee on Dec. 15. It's part of
a deal that also sees Maine's state financing authority insure much of a $5.27
million loan.

Twin Rivers, the new company that emerged after the bankruptcy of Fraser Papers,
operates the Edmundston pulp mill and the Plaster Rock sawmill. The company has
about 400 employees in New Brunswick.

"The province of New Brunswick is guaranteeing a new term loan of $7.5 million
as part of an overall financing package. This guarantee is part of a package for
working capital purposes to help preserve New Brunswick jobs," said Bruce
Macfarlane, a spokesman for Business New Brunswick.

Twin Rivers is a leading manufacturer of lightweight specialty packaging,
publishing and label papers. The company also has operations in Quebec and
Maine.

Its paper mill in Madawaska, Me. employs about 600. That plant gets its pulp
through pipes from the mill in neighbouring Edmundston.

Twin Rivers says the guarantees from Maine and New Brunswick will allow the
company to finance working capital requirements in support of the company's
strategic initiatives.

"This support from FAME and BNB and the continued support of CIBC are expected
to provide the momentum to allow us to continue towards our strategic objectives
while giving us greater financial flexibility to manage our business," Wayne
Johnson, vice president of finance said in a statement.

The company says the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, its current lender, has
also approved an extension and amendments to Twin Rivers' existing revolving
credit facility.

The Finance Authority of Maine has agreed to insure 90 per cent of a $5.27
million loan.

In a statement, the authority said its actions will help accelerate the
company's strategic initiatives and help maintain jobs.

"Part of a larger financing package, the deal will enable the company to
maintain 630 jobs in Maine and 400 jobs in New Brunswick," a statement from the
authority said.

"FAME is pleased to support Twin Rivers Paper and the Madawaska mill, which is a
vital asset to the community and to the state as a whole. Our expectation is
that the mill will remain competitive on a global basis and continue to employ
hardworking Mainers," said Susan Snowden, the chair of the authority's board.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                August 17, 2013

                   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation

                          1999 K Street NW, 4th Floor
                             Washington,  DC 20006
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac) is a stockholder-owned
and publicly-traded company. The corporation is an institution of the Farm
Credit System, which is composed of the banks, associations and related
entities, and is regulated by the Farm Credit Administration. It represents
secondary market activities to provide agricultural real estate, rural housing
mortgage loans and to increase the accessibility of long-term credit at stable
interest rates. It serves America's farmers, ranchers, rural homeowners,
businesses and communities.

   The corporation's secondary market activities include purchasing eligible
loans directly from lenders; providing advances against eligible loans by
purchasing obligations secured by those loans; securitizing assets and
guaranteeing the payment of principal and interest on the resulting securities
that represent interests in, or obligations secured by, pools of eligible loans;
and issuing long-term standby purchase commitments ("LTSPCs") for eligible
loans.

   It carries out its secondary market business activities through three
programs, namely, Farmer Mac I (Farm & Ranch), Farmer Mac II (USDA Guarantees),
and Rural Utilities Loans.

   Farmer Mac through its Farmer Mac I program offers long-term fixed rates to
their farm and ranch customers. It purchases or commits to purchase eligible
mortgage loans secured by first liens on agricultural real estate. Farmer Mac I
Sellers also have access to the Long-Term Standby Purchase Commitment (LTSPC)
and AgVantage products. Its products include adjustable rates and variable rates
(whose pricing adjusts over time) as well as products where the rate is fixed as
long as 25 years. As of December 31, 2012, outstanding Farmer Mac I loans held
by Farmer Mac and loans that either backed Farmer Mac I Guaranteed Securities or
were subject to LTSPCs in the Farmer Mac I program totaled USD 9.1 billion.

   The corporation conducts Farmer Mac II program through its subsidiary Farmer
Mac II LLC. It purchases the portions of loans guaranteed by the US Department
of Agriculture (USDA) and guarantees securities backed by those USDA-guaranteed
portions (Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities). The corporation affords lenders
ready access to competitively-priced funding. It purchases the guaranteed
portions of loans guaranteed by the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) under the programs such as Farm Service Agency (Farm Ownership and Term
Operating), Rural Development Community Facilities, and Rural Development
Business and Industry. As of December 31, 2012, outstanding USDA Guaranteed
Securities and Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities totaled USD 1.6 billion.

   Its authorized activities through its Rural Utilities line are similar to
those conducted under the Farm & Ranch line of business such as purchases of and
guarantees of securities (Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities â[#x20ac]" Rural
Utilities) backed by, and eligible rural utilities loans. As of December 31,
2012, the aggregate outstanding principal balance of rural utilities loans held
and Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities was USD 2.3 billion.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Financial Ratios
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2013


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

South Texas Project prepares for new units

BYLINE: Adriana Acosta, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 623 words


July 09--BAY CITY -- Pre-construction site preparation work for South Texas
Project Units 3 and 4 is underway.

Construction began in June and will run through September.

This will include the construction of two new buildings, the Metrology
Laboratory and the Low Level Radioactive Waste building, which will be on the
east side of the site.

These buildings are on the west side and will be demolished once the new ones
are completed.

The construction and relocation of both buildings will give a clear path for a
slurry wall for the new units, said John Crenshaw, vice president for units 3
and 4.

Slurry walls are built when construction is done, said Buddy Eller, director of
communication and public affairs.

The walls are done as preconstruction activity and keeps water out when
excavation is done for the new units, he said.

Construction crews will dig about three feet wide and 90 to 100 feet deep.

Other construction includes the move of a warehouse on the west of the site, to
also make way for the slurry wall for units 3 and 4.

The Main Coolant Reservoir will have a core bore drilling rig, done to aid in
the design of the units 3 and 4 Circulating Water intake and discharge
structures.

"Our overriding objective is to ensure the safe and reliable operation of the
existing units while preparing the site for the construction of Units 3 and 4,"
said Dave Rencurrel, site vice president for South Texas Project.

The success of the new building project is dependent upon receiving the
Department of Energy loan guarantees, said Ed Halpin, president and chief
executive officer for South Texas Project.

This, along with attracting additional investors and continuing to make the
price tag for the overall project competitive is essential for the units to be
built, he said.

"We believe our site remains one of the best locations in the country for
expansion," said Eller.

When the facility was constructed 30 years ago, it was designed for four units,
he said.

"We have the land, water, transmission and -- most importantly -- strong
community support for Units 3 and 4," he added.

The nuclear power plant anticipates an announcement on the loan guarantees in
the fall.

"We are confident that our project will receive a conditional loan guarantee
from the department of energy. It is a critical milestone in the life of this
project," he said.

The nuclear power plant has also submitted a letter of intent to seek
accreditation of a new training program it is developing for plant and reactor
operators.

This is the first request in nearly two decades for accreditation of a new
nuclear power industry training program, said Will Jump, plant general manager
for units 3 and 4.

The letter of intent was filed on June 15 with the Institute of Nuclear Power
Operations, who oversee training, sets performance standards and evaluates the
operation of all the nuclear facilities.

South Texas Project is moving along through the licensing process, said Mark
McBurnett, vice president for oversight and regulatory affairs for units 3 and
4.

The license is expected to be issued in early 2012, he added.

The Draft Environmental Impact Statement is a key part of the licensing process,
he said.

The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is scheduled to issue the Final Environmental
Impact Statement by early 2011.

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100709-VI-South-Texas-Project-prepares-for-new-units-20100709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2010 Victoria Advocate


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Akron Hometowner (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 6, 2010

Trustees vote to close Care Centers 8-plex

BYLINE: by Julie Ann Madden

LENGTH: 1832  words


The Senior Village North Apartments, commonly called the 8-plex, will be closed
in six weeks.

The final agonizing decision was made Jan. 1 after the Akron Care Center Board
of Trustees received a four-page engineer's report detailing numerous
renovations needed before the board could even take the next step to apply for
state assisted living licensure.

That list was only a preliminary list as the report would need to be submitted
to the state engineer for further review. Completing the preliminary list of
items was estimated at a minimum of $100,000.

At a special board meeting on Dec. 31, the four board members present listened
as Administrator Gail Olson officially presented all the facts regarding the
8-plex operations.

Currently, only four of the eight apartments in the facility are rented. Last
Spring, the board had hoped by adding services to the facility, including
24-hour care with three meals a day, the facility would have had no vacancies
for the first time in several years. However, that did not happen.

Olson noted several apartment complexes in Akron have vacancies. In these hard
economic times, many children are taking care of their parents in their own
homes.

"I have seen no interest (in the 8-plex apartments)," said Olson, who has been
advertising vacancies.

"Older people are happy where they are or things are working out where they are
with families."

"We're definitely priced right," she said, comparing the rates with other
assisted living facilities across the state. However, the 8-plex can only accept
private-paying residents as the facility does not meet state building codes for
assisted living to accept residents with HUD housing assistance or long-term
care insurance. Even though it was built in 2003, it was not built in accordance
with the 2000 state building code regulations.

The licensure renovations and lack of interest in the facility left the board
with three options:

Complete renovations for licensure with no guarantee of filling the vacancies.
Currently, the facility operates at a $5,000 loss each month.

Eliminating the 24-hour care with meals and operating it as an independent
senior living facility - the same as the 6-plex.

In checking with City Attorney David Stuart, there were no issues with changing
the facility from its current level of care to independent living or closing the
facility, said Olson, adding that to continue operating the facility, all the
toilets will need to be replaced due to equipment mechanical failure.

The board's consensus was that lowering the rental rate to the 6-plex's $560 per
month per apartment would not provide enough revenue for the $2,823.26 monthly
loan payment, approximately $700 monthly utility bills, and continued
maintenance costs of the facility.

In addition, it was noted that the 8-plex apartments do not have stoves - just
microwaves. To add stoves, would cost about $5,000.

The bottom line was that with so many other apartment complexes with vacancies
in Akron, there was no guarantee that spending the $5,000 would make any
difference financially for the 8-plex.

Close the facility. By closing the doors, there would be only the loan payment
to worry about. This would cut the monthly $5,000 loss nearly in half.

The board also discussed selling the facility but the consensus was that no one
would purchase it for its loan debt, which is $357,016.90 as of Dec. 31, 2009.

According to Olson, one of the 8-plex residents could move to the Senior Village
South Apartments, also known as the 6-plex, but the other three residents would
need to be relocated to another 24-hour care facility such as the Akron Care
Center or an assisted living facility elsewhere.

The consensus of the board was to offer all four residents moving assistance.

Seven employees, including three who are full-time, will lose their jobs, and
will receive unemployment benefits, said Olson.

Dec. 31 Discussion

About a year ago, the current Board of Trustees discussed closing the 6-plex and
moving all its residents to the 8-plex, said Board Member Casey Meinen. However,
the $300,000 6-plex is paid for and with five of the six apartments rented, it
had a net income of $400 last month.

"At least we're making money," said Olson. "Sometimes more than that."

"Even if we're not making money, it's not costing us anything," said Board
Member Dan Rexwinkel. "It's paid for."

Why would we move everybody (to the 8-plex) when we would still be operating it
in the red? asked Meinen. "It's even sadder. The 8-plex is a million-dollar
building."

"It's a beautiful building," said Olson. "The people are happy over there and
the help is good."

"That is not a place people want to be for whatever reason," said Board
President Brad Brit-ton adding the 8-plex has a stigma. He wasn't sure if it was
because the level and cost of services had changed several times during its
short operation. "I really think it is something that is going to continue to
have this cloud that hovers over it - even if we stick $100,000 into it (for
licensure). I think people are still going to have this horrible attitude about
the facility."

Olson reported that she has only had one person inquire about when it would be a
licensed assisted living facility.

"I do believe a good assisted living will go here - just not under the pretense
of this building," said Britton.

When asked what she recomork."mended, Olson hesitated.

"I'd leave the 6-plex alone for now," said Olson. "It's not costing us. It's not
a problem."

However, the 8-plex is a real drain, costing the Care Center about $50,000 to
$60,000 a year, she said. "I suppose if you could quickly get it certified and
filled."

Rexwinkel suggested dropping the monthly rent by $100 for new residents who
would agree now to move in once it was licensed.

"Give them a month free," suggested Olson. "I don't know."

"We just don't have the time," said Rexwinkel.

"Personally, I think we're dealing with a generation who lived through the Great
Depression, two World Wars, and watched their kids go to Vietnam," said Meinen.
"They are not going to leave their houses and spend money...they are very
thrifty."

"It's just the fact," said Meinen, explaining about one person he knew who
wouldn't leave his house to spend his life savings on anything until he doesn't
know he's spending it. "The greatest generation will be next and they will be
more apt to take and use convenience items, spend money on convenience. These
people aren't going to do it."

Britton proposed changing the 8-plex to an independent living facility but
Rexwinkel noted that wouldn't even make the monthly loan payment.

"The 6-plex isn't full," said Meinen, recommending to close and sell the 8-plex.

"It's not sellable," said Britton.

"I don't think so either," said Meinen. "Not for what we've got in it. You'd
have to take pennies on the dollar."

But adding another independent apartment complex in Akron didn't make sense
either, he added.

"You're damned if you do and damned if you don't," said Rexwinkel. "If you put
$100,000 into it, you're not guaranteed it will fill it."

"Both facilities haven't been full in years," said Meinen, adding $100,000 would
fix the Care Center's elevator and cover installation of its sprinkler system.

"(Assisted living) in Akron is an extravagance - even though assisted living
facilities are growing across the state," said Olson, adding it would be
different if it had been attached to the Care Center facility.

"The 8-plex is a nightmare," said Meinen. "It doesn't work from a business
standpoint."

"I don't think anybody wants to see anybody's life turned upside down, which is
what it's going to do," he added, "but we can't keep bleeding."

"We are making sound business decisions," said Board Member Tami Small. "We have
all looked at the numbers. This business isn't working."

"No, it's not," said Olson.

Rewinkel noted the board has tried three different levels of care with the
Senior Village Apartments: independent living at the 6-plex; 8 hours per day
assistance with one meal and 24-hour care with three meals at the 8-plex.

"It hasn't worked," said Rexwinkel. "I keep thinking if I was the owner of XYZ
Corporation and I was losing $5,000 a month on a building, what would I do?"

"The Care Center is the business keeping the three facilities afloat," he added.

"This is a business decision," said Meinen. "No one wants to see those people
displaced. It's unfortunate."

"I agree with Casey to close it up," said Rexwinkel, "or otherwise we'll be back
here in six months, facing the same problems."

"We can always reopen it if a whole bunch of people sign up," said Olson.

"You have to listen to your customers," said Meinen. "If you make Italian food
and the customers don't like Italian food... Customers have told you what they
want. They don't want assisted living."

"They want cheap housing," said Olson. "The public hasn't been receptive to any
of the different plans that have been offered at the 8-plex."

Britton made a motion to make the final decision at 4:30 p.m., Jan. 1 because
the Dec. 31 meeting agenda said the board would only discuss the future of
Village North. Small seconded Britton's motion, and the vote was unanimous, 4-0,
with Board Member Iola Frerichs absent.

"We do not want to close the building," said Britton. "We do not want to take
away 24-hour services. At the same time we do not want to lose over $5,000 a
month which means the smartest business decision, even though it is not
desirable, is to close the facility."

"I feel very sad about this decision," said Small.

"We'll make it as easy a transition as possible for the current residents," said
Meinen.

On Jan. 1, Britton made the motion to close the 8-plex and give a six-weeks
notice to the residents. On Feb. 15, the business will be closed until further
notice and the Akron Care Center Inc. will not offer 24-hour care.

Meinen seconded the motion, and the vote was unanimous, 4-0 with the absence of
Board Member Iola Frerichs.

"I hope this serves as a motivator to the community to use these facilities,"
said Meinen.

After the meeting, Board Member Dan Rexwinkel made the following statement to
The Akron Hometowner:

"Over the past year, we've tried several different service options for the
Village North Complex, none of which drew any interest from the community nor
did they work financially. Every month, it keeps reducing the bottom line of our
main care facility, the Akron Care Center.

With the amount of money needed to bring the Village North Complex up to
certified assisted living status, I feel that the money could be better spent in
the development of a new care center or updating our current facility to meet
federal and state regulations till such a facility can be built.

Even with updating the Village North Complex, there are no guarantees that this
service will work either.

It's my goal, and the community's from our recent town hall meeting, that a new
care center is needed, and if one is eventually built, these services may be
able to return.

Until that time, financially, it just doesn't work."

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Politics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AKR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 The Akron Hometowner


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            December 6, 2004 Monday

City ready to vote on center's funding

BYLINE: DAVID SCHWARTZ, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 522 words

DATELINE: SAN BERNARDINO


The city will vote today on a new way to send money to a for-profit care center
for children, using tax dollars from the city's redevelopment agency so that
Totally Kids can expand.

Supporters say that the $250,000 would come from an account meant to promote
economic development and create jobs. Totally Kids' expansion would create 150
new jobs, according to a staff report.

"The economic development agency exists for this purpose, for job creation and
the retention of businesses in the city,' said Councilman Neil Derry.

The disagreement continued, though, over whether the city should help the
business expand its pediatric sub-acute care center, medical day-care facility
and administrative offices. The principals have $25 million in assets.

"The real issue isn't whether Totally Kids needs the money. The real issue is
whether that's the best use of taxpayer money,' said Councilwoman Wendy
McCammack.

McCammack said that if the city supports Totally Kids' expansion, it would hurt
Community Hospital of San Bernardino, which provides a similar service. The
hospital reported financial problems earlier this year.

"Never in my life have I seen an organization that would fund money to compete
against one of its own,' McCammack said.

Tony Jackson, a vice president with Community Hospital, said that the hospital
has never asked for a similar loan guarantee. He believes the demand for such
services is large enough for both the hospital and a for-profit company.

"Our hospital and issues with our hospital are just the day-to-day struggle with
the concept of reimbursement,' Jackson said.

Both the hospital and Totally Kids provides care for technology-dependent,
medically fragile, or developmentally disabled children. Some of the children
suffer from premature birth, congenital birth defects, respiratory diseases and
head injuries. "We're not advocating what they should do' about the loan to
Totally Kids, Jackson said.

Last month, City Attorney James F. Penman and McCammack accused Mayor Judith
Valles of nepotism. Totally Kids hired her brother, Mike Valles, as a
"lobbyist,' they said.

Mike Valles, dismissed those claims, saying that he hadn't received any money
from Totally Kids. Penman and McCammack were accused of playing politics.

If the City Council passes the new plan today, the Economic Development Agency
will contribute $250,000, dependent on the Inland Valley Development Agency
doing the same. The money will be sent to the Grow San Bernardino Fund, which
was formed in 1999 to give loans to local small businesses.

Grow San Bernardino Fund would then guarantee $1.5 million so that Totally Kids
can get another loan for its expansion. Grow San Bernardino has approved five
loans worth $2.87 million for local businesses. If the loan goes through, it
would be Grow San Bernardino's largest.

This replaces earlier consideration, which would have sent city money from
Community Development Block Grants to Totally Kids. That money is spent to pay
off fire truck leases, for code enforcement and demolitions.

Totally Kids did not return calls for comment.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                                 Copyright 2004


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                  July 7, 2009

Feds offer Nordic Windpower $16M loan guarantee to support Pocatello turbine
plant

BYLINE: Zach Hagadone

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 486  words


Nordic Windpower, a Berkeley, Calif.-based wind turbine manufacturer with an
assembly plant in Pocatello, is in line to get a major boost from the federal
government, after the company announced last week that it has received a
conditional commitment for a $16 million loan guarantee from the U.S. Department
of Energy.

Authorized through the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, Nordic's
loan guarantee offer is among the first three issued by DOE under the Obama
administration.

Jeff Brown, Nordic's Pocatello-based chief operations officer, said the offer
represents a "major, major hurdle" crossed by the company, and if the monies are
delivered it will mean the purchase tooling equipment and assembly components
for the Pocatello plant, and the hiring of between 80 and 100 new workers.

"To us it's huge. It's absolutely huge. Number one, to be recognized by the
current administration that we're one of the very few companies worthy to get
this loan guarantee is, to us, just huge," he said. "In this economy, where
everybody's managing every nickel, to have the U.S. government step in to say
'we'll back-stop you,' I can't begin to tell you how significant that is to us.
"

Nordic manufactures and sells utility-scale wind turbines with a proprietary
technology that allows blades to flex at the hub, reducing stress on the drive
train. The "flexible teeter hub technology" also enables the company to build a
one-megawatt turbine that operates on two rather than three blades, making it
lighter and therefore cheaper to build, transport, install and maintain.

Brown said the company, whose one-year-old Pocatello plant occupies 36,000
square feet in the Gateway West Industrial Center, hopes to be turning out more
than 100 turbines a year by the end of 2010. A "mid-term" goal, he said, is to
expand to its building's full 72,000 square feet and produce 200 turbines per
year.

Nordic is already slated to deliver 19 MWs in recent orders to community wind
projects in the U.S. and Uruguay this month, according to a news release.

Though receiving the loan guarantee offer was good news, Brown added that it
doesn't mean the check is in the mail. Nordic still has to meet certain criteria
before the funds are released, including securing some additional financing,
which it is currently seeking with venture capitalists and other early-stage
investors. Brown declined to say how much the company is looking to raise.

But having the confidence of the feds is a "selling point" with investors, Brown
said, and the company is hopeful that it can meet the necessary requirements
within the next few months.

"We hope to have all of the parameters satisfied in the third quarter of this
year and hopefully have monies flowing into Nordic at the end of September,
beginning of October," he said. "It's all good, so far. It's like any other
process: You've got to check all the boxes and step through all the steps. "

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Olam signs agreement with IFC to expand food facilities in Nigeria and India

SECTION: DRUG DISCOVERY; Company News

LENGTH: 318 words



HIGHLIGHT: Singapore-based food processor Olam International has entered into a
$120m five-year loan agreement with World Bank Group member International
Finance Corporation (IFC) for the expansion of its five food processing
facilities in Nigeria and India.


Singapore-based food processor Olam International has entered into a $120m
five-year loan agreement with World Bank Group member International Finance
Corporation (IFC) for the expansion of its five food processing facilities in
Nigeria and India.

The company plans to use the investment to upgrade its Hemarus sugar milling
facility in Kolhapur, India; upgrade its spice processing in Cochin, India;
expand its Crown Flour Mill in Lagos, Nigeria; establish a mechanical cashew
processing plant; and set up a new sesame hulling facility in Lagos, Nigeria.

The Crown Flour Mill in Nigeria will be involved in processing imported wheat
into flour for domestic bakers.

The remaining four facilities will bring together more than 45,000 small-scale
farmers from surrounding regions into the company's supply chains, allowing them
to supply their crops directly to the processing units, which will guarantee a
market for their products

Olam stated that the project will benefit local communities by creating new jobs
and market opportunities for smallholder farmers.

Olam finance and business development executive director A. Shekhar said that
IFC's rigorous environmental and social review focused on the five processing
facilities to ensure they meet IFC's stringent loan criteria.

"However, IFC has also reviewed a range of Olam's policies, procedures and
management initiatives that apply throughout our supply chain and we will
continue to build on these best practices in line with The Olam Sustainability
Standard," Shekhar added.

The IFC's agribusiness strategy seeks to strengthen food security, inclusive
growth, and environmental and social sustainability in agricultural supply
chains.

In line with this plan, IFC partners with supply chain integrators to provide
small-scale farmers and rural businesses with access to finance, access to
equipment and seeds, advice and extension services, and access to markets.

LOAD-DATE: September 02, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           January 20, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

First Nations urge Ottawa to help them buy into projects

BYLINE: Peter O'Neil, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 914 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


A B.C. First Nations-led proposal to unlock billions of dollars in natural
resource wealth across the country has received seed funding from the federal
government, The Vancouver Sun has learned.

And if the First Nations Major Projects Coalition can persuade Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau to go a step further and accept their biggest request - loan
guarantees to allow aboriginal communities to buy equity stakes in major
projects - that could lead to a historic breakthrough, its backers say.

The loan guarantee idea has been endorsed by the B.C. Business Council and the
Macdonald-Laurier Institute, an Ottawabased think-tank.

Both said the proposal could resolve one of Canada's and especially B.C.'s most
daunting challenges - how to get approval for pipelines, mines and other
projects after a landmark 2014 Supreme Court of Canada ruling expanded
aboriginal land title rights.

"The development of the First Nations Major Projects Coalition is one of the
most exciting - and important - developments in indigenous business in recent
decades," institute spokesman Brian Lee Crowley said.

The B.C. Business Council's Jock Finlayson said his organization supports the
proposal in principle, even if a loan support program could pose risks for
taxpayers if a project falls apart and the band is unable to repay its debt.

"It's important to recognize that taxpayers in Canada are already devoting many
billions of dollars to the First Nations file each year, very little of which
encourages, let alone helps to kick-start, economic development," Finlayson
said.

"If done right, allocating a modest sum to an initiative that makes more capital
available to First Nations that are keen to advance projects and accelerate
economic development in their communities could pay significant dividends for
everyone - aboriginal and non-aboriginal alike."

A federal spokeswoman, Michelle Perron, said Indigenous Affairs Minister Carolyn
Bennett "looks forward" to seeing the results of the coalition's examination of
the benefits of a government loan guarantee.

The coalition has made clear to corporate Canada that B.C. First Nations along
the corridor linking Prince George to the B.C. coast are not interested in
pipelines pumping diluted bitumen crude from Alberta. They fear an accident
could have devastating consequences to their fishing and hunting grounds.

But the group is prepared to negotiate with companies in areas like mining and
liquefied natural gas, as long as the economic benefits are worthwhile and the
environmental risks minimized.

In late December, the coalition received the first instalment in a new
three-year, $3-million funding agreement to help the 22 First Nation signatories
advance their economic interests.

The money, on top of $2 million contributed in startup funds, is to be used to
help band leaders in remote communities meet to develop strategies and negotiate
positions. They will also be able to hire experts in areas such as finance,
environmental assessment and government procurement.

One goal is to prevent resource companies from coming into the region with a
divide-and-conquer strategy that results in less advantageous economic deals,
said one of the members of the coalition's steering committee.

"We're taking scraps off the table when our communities are divided. This will
allow us

to work together," said Theresa Tait-Day, a hereditary chief with the
Wet'suwet'en Nation, who lives near Smithers.

The coalition is getting important support from two men. The first is Harold
Calla, an accountant, Squamish First Nation member and executive chair of the
First Nations Financial Management Board, a federal entity established in the
early 2000s to help entrepreneurial First Nations move away from the Indian Act.

His sidekick is retired B.C. Conservative senator Gerry St. Germain, Canada's
first selfdeclared Metis cabinet minister and former chairman of the Senate's
Aboriginal Peoples committee before his 2012 retirement. St. Germain, who is
working on a volunteer basis, has travelled the province speaking to First
Nations to promote the idea.

The backers are trying to avoid a repeat of what happened with the Pacific
Trails Pipeline project. Chevron Canada is planning to build a 480-kilometre
natural gas pipeline from Summit Lake, just north of Prince George, to feed its
proposed Kitimat LNG facility at Bish Cove.

A coalition of 16 First Nations negotiated a 30 per cent equity stake in the
project, but it hit a snag when they went to banks for a $300-million loan. The
interest rate offered was roughly equal to the 11 per cent annual return the
deal would have brought them in dividends.

But if there was a government guarantee providing the bank with assurance, the
rate could be less than a third of that - resulting in a steady profit.

Both men are advancing an idea that was developed about three years ago during a
meeting of First Nations leaders discussing issues like liquefied natural gas
development, Tait-Day said.

Calla said First Nations elsewhere in Canada are expressing an interest in
participating.

"We're starting to work with the Ring of Fire communities (in Ontario), we're
talking to some communities in Atlantic Canada around fisheries," he said. "This
is one of the reasons why the commission termed itself major projects, as it's
not just oil and gas - it's mining, it's forestry, it's fisheries, it's green
energy."

poneil@postmedia.com twitter.com/poneilinottawa !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Glenn Baglo, Vancouver Sun Files;  Macdonald-Laurier Institute
spokesman Brian Lee Crowley and Theresa Tait-Day of the Wet'suwet'en Nation want
Ottawa to back loans to help First Nations buy equity stakes in major
development projects.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           January 13, 2010 Wednesday

Pakistan: ECC increases sugar prices by Rs. 7 per kg

LENGTH: 642  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Jan. 13 -- ISLAMABAD, The Economic Coordination Committee of the
Cabinet (ECC) met under the chairmanship of Federal Minister for Finance,
Shaukat Tarin at the PM Secretariat here on Tuesday increased the sugar prices
by Rs. 7 to be sold through USC retail outlets and its new price will be Rs.45
per kg.According to a press release issued here, the meeting also approved the
strategy designed for ensuring regular supply of major as well as minor crops in
order to sustain food securityIt further says the meeting was briefed by
Ministry of Industries and Production on progress on implementation of the
National Sugar Policy 2009-10 and decided to rationalize the price of sugar. The
main elements of the strategy approved by the committee included: Timely
announcement of support price for wheat and intervention/indicative price for
major and minor crops.

Ensuring timely availability of farm inputs at affordable prices with special
emphasis on water conservation and its judicious use. Setting area and
production targets of major and minor crops in consultation with stakeholders.
Enhancing farmer's access to modern crop varieties and new technologies and
promoting adoption of good agricultural practices for production of major and
minor crops. Improving marketing systems for various agricultural commodities.
In case of shortage of essential food commodities, their supply will be ensured
by the public and private sectors through imports and maintenance of buffer
stocks.While discussing the subject of disposal of super basmati rice 2008-09
crop, the ECC gave approval to the measures for disposal of rice lying in PASSCO
godowns: The ECC also approved the Standardized Security Agreements for
hydropower projects under the Policy for Power Generation 2002. The ECC
authorized the Board of PPIB to approve any project specific amendment in the
Standardized Security Hydropower Agreements required during negotiations
provided GOP obligations or liabilities are not increased. The ECC approved the
recommendations of the Committee on Revival of the Risalpur Export Processing
Zone which include:i. Allowing export of the manufactured goods from the REPZ as
trading items to Afghanistan via land route. Revision of lease rates/annual
ground rent will be decided by Export Processing Zone Authority, Board of
Directors. 30% Export of manufactured goods to tariff area will be allowed. I
view of the acute financial crunch experienced by the Pakistan Steel Mills, the
ECC approved the following Bail Out Package for the PSM to meet its requirements
for working capital and implementing its business plan: Term loan facility of
Rs. 8 billion for 5 years in favour of Pakistan Steel based on Government of
Pakistan Guarantee by Consortium of Banks led by the NBP.. Running Finance
Facility of Rs.2.00 billion, renewable on yearly basis, in favour of Pakistan
Steel Mills based on Government guarantee by Consortium of Banks led by the
National Bank of Pakistan.While considering the issue of revision of re-lending
policy of foreign loans/credits, the ECC approved that provinces may avail
re-lending of the foreign loans on the same terms and conditions on which loans
are signed by the GOP. In this regard the provinces would be allowed to issue
their own bonds.While considering the issue of passing on the German grant/soft
loan to PPAF for livelihood support and promotion of small community
infrastructure project, the ECC approved relaxation of following terms before
signing the Agreement: Passing on of Euro 14,860,399.40 grant to Project
Executing Agency (PPAF) as a grant. passing on of Euro 16,701,660.86 loan to
Project Executing Agency (PPAF) as a grant. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news feed please
contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        June 2, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Tenet Announces Upsizing, Pricing of Private Offering of Senior Secured Notes,
Pricing of Senior Unsecured Notes

LENGTH: 521  words


June 2 -- Tenet Healthcare Corporation (NYSE: THC) established today the pricing
of the previously announced private offering of its floating rate senior secured
notes maturing in 2020 and the senior unsecured notes of THC Escrow Corporation
II ("THC") maturing in 2023. A total of $900 million aggregate principal amount
of senior secured notes, which represents an upsize from its previously
announced amount of $500 million, will bear interest at a rate, reset quarterly,
of LIBOR plus 3.50% per annum, and will be issued by Tenet. A total of $1.9
billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, which will bear
interest at a rate of 6.75% per annum, will be issued by THC.

The senior secured notes will rank senior to Tenet's existing and future
subordinated indebtedness, be effectively senior to Tenet's existing and future
unsecured indebtedness and other liabilities to the extent of the value of the
collateral securing the senior secured notes or guarantees thereon, and will
rank pari passu with Tenet's outstanding senior secured debt, and similarly will
be guaranteed by certain of Tenet's subsidiaries and secured by a pledge of the
capital stock and other ownership interests of certain of Tenet's subsidiaries.
The senior secured notes will also be subordinated to Tenet's obligations under
its senior secured revolving credit facility, and any of its subsidiaries'
secured guarantees thereof, to the extent of the value of the collateral
securing borrowings under such facility.

Following Tenet's assumption of the senior unsecured notes, the senior unsecured
notes will be Tenet's general unsecured senior obligations and will be
subordinated to all of Tenet's existing and future senior secured obligations to
the extent of the value of the collateral securing Tenet's senior secured
obligations, and will be structurally subordinated to all obligations and
liabilities of Tenet's subsidiaries.

The net proceeds for the offering of Tenet's senior secured notes will be used
(i) to repay $400 million aggregate principal amount of term loans outstanding
under our Interim Loan Agreement, dated March 23, 2015, (ii) to temporarily
reduce amounts outstanding under our Credit Agreement, dated October 19, 2010
and (iii) if any net proceeds remain, for general corporate purposes, which may
include payment of a portion of the cash consideration in respect of the
purchase (the "Purchase") of our equity interests in BB Blue Holdings, Inc., our
previously announced ambulatory surgical center joint venture with United
Surgical Partners International ("USPI").

The gross proceeds from the offering of THC's senior unsecured notes will,
following Tenet's assumption of such notes, be used in part (i) to pay the cash
consideration in respect of the Purchase, (ii) to pay the cash consideration in
respect of our previously announced acquisition of 100% of the issued A shares,
B1 shares and B2 shares of European Surgical Partners Ltd (commonly referred to
as Aspen Healthcare), (iii) for the refinancing of indebtedness of USPI and (iv)
to pay related transaction fees and expenses.

Source: Tenet Healthcare

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                January 17, 2017

                          LAIRG COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION

                             LAIRG COMMUNITY CENTRE
                                  MAIN STREET
                                     LAIRG
                                 LAIRG IV27 4DB


TRADE ADDRESS: Lairg Community Centre Main Street, LAIRG IV27 4DB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01549402007

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC249670

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 20, 2003
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 2

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Sam Moore Barlow, Blacksmith
     ·    Mrs Angusina Elizabeth Sutherland, Teacher
     ·    Mrs Sheila Stewart, Bank Manager
     ·    Mrs Linda Joyce Channer, Retired
     ·    Ms Alex Kennedy, Self Employed


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrsSheilaStewart


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: July 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: July 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  July 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 4, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 20, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              324,004   333,873   344,118
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           324,004   333,873   344,118
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          38,730    34,609    24,784
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   5,672     5,979     5,352
Other Current Assets                          44,402    40,588    30,136
Total Current Assets                          44,402    40,588    30,136
Fixed Assets                                 324,004   333,873   344,118
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 368,406   374,461   374,254



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              1,211       921       967
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      1,211       921       967
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      1,211       921       967
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              1,211       921       967
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -   329,607
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                367,195   373,540    43,680
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            367,195   373,540   373,287
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -   329,607
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   367,195   373,540   373,287


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales           36,862    29,216         -
Cost of Sales              0         0         -
Gross Profit          36,862    29,216         -
Operating Profit       -6345       253         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          -6345       253         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax       -6345       253         -
Dividends Payable          0         0         -
Retained Profits       -6345       253         -
Value Added           10,594    16,684         -
Capital Employed     367,195   373,540   373,287
Net Worth            367,195   373,540   373,287
Working Capital       43,191    39,667    29,169
Emp. Renumeration      7,070     6,186         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         -
Audit Fees                 -         0         -
Non-audit Fees             -       816         -
Depreciation           9,869    10,245         -
Number of                  2         2         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years      3      5
                            Years  Years
                       GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                26.17      -      -
Pretax             -2607.9      -      -
                         1
Total Assets         -1.62  -1.56  -2.08
Current Assets         9.4  47.34 107.52
Current              31.49  25.23  61.25
Liabilities
Capital Employed      -1.7  -1.63  -2.21
Employee Wages       14.29      -      -
Number of                0      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        6
Year -1  8
=        4
Year -2  3
=        6
Year -3  9
=        8

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -1.73      0.07         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -1.72      0.07         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -1.73      0.07         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -17.21      0.87         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           10.01       7.8         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            0.11      0.09         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       117.17    135.77         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               36.67     44.07     31.16
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 36.67     44.07     31.16
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees        3,535     3,093         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  19.18     21.17         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)        -3172.5     126.5         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                 18,431    14,608         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          183,597.   186,770         -
                                                       5
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)         162,002 166,936.5         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)         184,203 187,230.5         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -59.89      1.52         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                            28.74     57.11         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            5,297     8,342         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                  1.5       2.7         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 367,195

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Mackay & Co

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2017


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               November 25, 2013

BoI Approves Third Party Guarantees for Credit Facility

BYLINE: Franklin Alli

LENGTH: 399 words


The Bank of Industry, BoI, says collateral is no longer an issue for accessing
its credit facility as it has designed credit schemes and products that allow
reputable persons third party guarantees on loan applications.

BoI Managing Director, Evelyn Oputu, disclosed this while addressing Nigerian
and Danish business community in Lagos. According to her, the issue of
collateral requirement to access funding was neither here nor there because the
bank has already identified that some serious businesses do not have
collaterals.

"BoI has designed some credit schemes and products that have gone ahead to
address people without collateral through cooperative lending and our bottom of
the pyramid programme where we normally channel funds to microfinance banks for
onward lending.

"BoI also accepts peer group and reputable persons' third party guarantees to
give grants to applicants, and also accepts lien on the equipment to be acquired
with the given funds.

"So collateral is no longer an issue. What is important is the track record,
attitude to debt servicing because credit has to do with integrity, if you have
integrity issues definitely you cannot access the bank's fund," she said.

Represented by BoI's Regional Head, South, Balarabe Hassan, she noted that there
are several reforms and fiscal measures currently being implemented by
government to bring about improvement in the nation's investment climate,
protect local companies and mobilise local and foreign direct investments into
the manufacturing sector.

Oputu, said that the bank is not static as it has been designing solutions to
challenges militating against specific sectors of the economy.

"BoI is always futuristic not having to wait but envisaging what will be
beneficial to the economy and with proactive initiatives we make efforts to
bring about economic development," she said.

She explained that reforms take time to mature and that within the manufacturing
sector the bank is trying as much as possible to see that all problems
militating against the sector were addressed squarely. Fielding questions on the
volume of trade between the two countries, the president of the Nigerian-Danish
chamber of commerce and industry, mines and agriculture, Ben Koya Adako, said,
"The volume of trade now, considering the size of Nigeria, I will not say it is
too encouraging but as at the last report we had about 1.35 billion Euros."

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Seeks Applications for Funding to Help Develop Advanced
Biofuels and Biobased Products

LENGTH: 1057  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for funding to help support the
development of advanced biofuels, renewable chemicals and biobased products.





 "The bioeconomy is a catalyst for economic development in rural America,
creating new jobs and providing new markets for farmers and ranchers," Vilsack
said. "Investing in the businesses and technologies that support the production
of biofuels and biobased products is not only good for farm incomes. The whole
economy benefits from a more balanced, diversified and consumer-friendly energy
portfolio, less dependence on foreign oil and reduced carbon emissions."



 Funding is being provided through the Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and
Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance Program, formerly known as the
Biorefinery Assistance Program. Congress established the program in 2008 to
encourage the development of biofuels that use renewable feedstocks. The 2014
Farm Bill expanded the program to include renewable chemicals and biobased
product manufacturing. The program now provides loan guarantees of up to $250
million to develop, construct and retrofit commercial-scale biorefineries and to
develop renewable chemicals and biobased product manufacturing facilities.



 USDA has provided $844 million in loan commitments to 10 businesses in the
Biorefinery, Renewable Chemical and Biobased Product Manufacturing Assistance
Program since the start of the Obama administration. Companies receiving these
commitments are projected to produce 159 million gallons of advanced biofuels.



 In 2011, under this program, USDA provided Sapphire Energy a $54.5 million loan
guarantee to build a refined algal oil commercial facility. Sapphire's "Green
Crude Farm" in Columbus, N.M., is an example of how USDA funding and
partnerships with the private sector are helping to support the development of
biorefineries.



 The plant opened in May 2012 and is producing renewable algal oil that can be
further refined to replace petroleum-derived diesel and jet fuel. According to
the company, more than 600 jobs were created during the first phase of
construction at the facility and 30 full-time employees currently operate the
plant. After Sapphire received additional equity from private investors, it
repaid the remaining balance on its USDA-backed loan in 2013.



 USDA is helping to develop the bioeconomy, which has the potential to spur
unprecedented growth in the rural economy by creating opportunities for the
production, distribution and sale of biobased products and fuels. For example,
USDA has partnered with the U.S. Department of Energy and the Navy to create
advanced drop-in biofuels that will power both the Department of Defense and
private-sector transportation throughout America. Over the course of this
Administration, USDA has invested $332 million to accelerate research on
renewable energy ranging from genomic research on bioenergy feedstock crops, to
development of biofuel conversion processes and cost/benefit estimates of
renewable energy production. For more information on how renewable energy
factors into USDA's work to reduce greenhouse gases, visit the latest chapter of
USDA's Medium entry, How Food and Forestry Are Adapting to a Changing
ClimateThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) website..



 The Department has also taken steps to support biobased product manufacturing
that promises to create new jobs across rural America - including adding new
categories of qualified biobased products for Federal procurement and
establishing reporting by Federal contractors of biobased product purchases. The
more than 2,200 products that have received certification to display the USDA
Certified Biobased Product label are creating and increasing consumer and
commercial awareness about a material's biobased content as one measure of its
environmental footprint. A 2015 USDA study of the bioeconomy found that the
biobased products industry generates $369 billion and 4 million jobs each year
for our economy. Biobased products industries directly employ approximately 1.5
million people, while an additional 2.5 million jobs are supported in other
sectors.



 For this announcement, USDA will seek applications in two cycles. Applications
for the first funding cycle are due October 3, 2016. Applications for the second
cycle are due April 3, 2017. For more information, see page 48377 of the July
25, 2016, Federal Register. Application materials can be found on USDA's Rural
Development website.



 In October 2015, Rural Development implemented a redesigned two-phase
application process. This new process helps the Agency identify the projects
that have made the most progress in the development stage and have the greatest
capacity for implementation and loan closing. The first two application cycles
under the new process yielded complete applications from projects producing
biogas, biodiesel, cellulosic ethanol, biobased lubricants and oils, lignin cake
and syrup, and fertilizers.



 Eligible borrowers include individuals, corporations, federally-recognized
tribes, units of state or local government, farm cooperatives and co-op
organizations, associations of agricultural producers, national laboratories,
institutions of higher education, rural electric cooperatives, public power
entities - or a consortium of any of these borrower types. Entities that receive
program financing must provide at least 20 percent of the funding for eligible
project costs.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested $11 billion to start or expand 103,000 rural businesses;
helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 7,000 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; financed
185,000 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped bring
high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Gibbons' Health Bill May Include Federal Guarantees for Debt Of Some Hospitals

                            June 8, 1994, Wednesday

Joan Pryde

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Health care reform legislation introduced this week by Rep. Sam Gibbons would
add new community-benefit standards for 501(c)(3) organizations and appears to
propose federal guarantees for certain types of hospital bonds.

The bill sets the stage for the Florida Democrat's debut as acting chairman of
the House Ways and Means Committee on Thursday. It will be the panel's first
meeting since Rep. Dan Rostenkowski, D-Ill., was indicted on fraud and
embezzlement charges May 31 and had to relinquish his chairmanship. The
committee will resume the process of drafting a health care package.

However, Gibbons' bill does not appear to include a trio of provisions supported
by the Public Securities Association and 501(c)(3) issuers that would expand
health care advance refundings and bank deductibility, and eliminate a cap on
the amount of bonds that individual health care institutions may have
outstanding.

The core of the Gibbons' bill is a bill approved by the Ways and Means
subcommittee on health in March. Gibbons modified that bill by, among other
things, proposing that 501(c)(3) organizations adhere to standards that were not
in the subcommittee bill or in President Clinton's health care plan.

Under Gibbons' bill, a 501(c)(3) health care organization would be required to
do the following:

* provide significant outreach services to the community in which it is located;

* assess annually the community's needs and develop a written plan stating how
the organization plans to meet those needs;

* be willing to accept as patients individuals who are not covered by a
government-sponsored health plan;

* avoid denying emergency medical treatment to the poor;

* to the extent of its financial ability, provide non-emergency health care
without regard to the patient's ability to pay; and

* maintain an independent board of directors.

The bill also states that in the event an institution failed to meet these
standards, it would not automatically lose its tax-exempt status. Instead, the
institution would be assessed an excise tax penalty.

Congressional aides said the new standards proposed by Gibbons build on existing
requirements, and some are already familiar to 501(c)(3) issuers because they
merely codify existing Internal Revenue Service rulings.

Lobbyists, meanwhile, said that at first blush the new standards do not appear
to be overly burdensome, but they planned to study the standards in more detail
before passing judgment.

Micah Green, the executive vice-president of the PSA, said he was "encouraged
that the bill seems to recognize the continuing ongoing importance of nonprofit
institutions in delivering health care. We have to study further the specific
standards outlined in the proposal."

On another issue, Gibbons appears to have included in his bill a provision from
the subcommittee measure designed to permit federally guaranteed tax-exempt
bonds to be issued for health care institutions serving urban and rural areas
with inadequate access to medical services.

In the subcommittee bill, the guarantees for bonds were in a section that would
create an Essential Community Provider program to aid medically underserved
areas in cities and in rural areas.

To set up the program's health care facilities, the federal government would
offer loans, loan guarantees, and interest rate subsidies for projects involving
tax-exempt financing. Under current law, such pledges of federal support amount
to a federal guarantee of tax-exempt debt, which was banned by Congress in 1984.

A summary of Gibbons' bill states that it retains the overall essential provider
program, renamed the Community Health Network Grant program. The summary is
silent on the subject of the federal guarantees for bonds. A detailed version of
Gibbons' bill is not expected to be released until today or Thursday.

But a congressional aide familiar with the federal guarantee provision said his
understanding is that Gibbons' bill retains it. Committee staff members were
still expected to make last-minute changes to the bill Tuesday night, but when
details of the measure are released later this week, "it's a good bet (the
provision) is going to be in there," the aide said.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 705 words

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

Now, Lokpal for MNREGA

LENGTH: 260 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Jan. 9 -- The State Cabinet on Tuesday decided to appoint 'MNREGA
Lokpal' for ensuring more transparency and accountability under Mahatma Gandhi
National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.

This will facilitate expeditious disposal of scheme-related complaints. MNREGA
Lokpals will scrutinise complaints as per norms prescribed under the scheme.
They will send their recommendations for suitable action against the guilty as
well as conclusions drawn by them. MNREGA Lokpals will function independent of
the State Government's jurisdiction.

A total of 21 MNREGA Lokpals will be appointed in the state. They will function
in the areas under the jurisdiction of members of divisional vigilance
committees.

This initiative will make MNREGA works more transparent, improve quality and
ensure timely payment of wages.

The cabinet decided to give guarantee of Rs 40.674 crore which is 30 per cent of
loan worth Rs 135 crore taken for rural electrification's counter part funding
under multi-trench financing facility scheme of Madhya Pradesh Eastern Region
Power Distribution Company, sanctioned by the Asian Development Bank.

The cabinet decided to increase period of guarantee given on loan worth Rs.
1668.81 crore for one year upto December 31, 2013.

The loan is being given by Rural Electrification Corporation to Power
Distribution Companies for feeder separation work. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                           January 13, 2010 Wednesday

Pakistan Steel rescued by ECC - PSM gets Rs8bn term loan facility for 5yrs

SECTION: Vol. 3 No. 159

LENGTH: 662  words


In view of the acute financial crunch experienced by the Pakistan Steel Mills,
the Economic Coordination Committee of the Cabinet (ECC) approved a bailout
package worth Rs10 billion to help PSM meet its requirements for working capital
and implementing its business plan.

The ECC met under the chairmanship of Federal Minister for Finance and Economic
Affairs, Shaukat Tarin here at the PM Secretariat.

As per details, the bailout package contains term loan facility of Rs8 billion
for 5 years in favour of Pakistan Steel Mills based on Government of Pakistan
Guarantee by Consortium of Banks led by the National Bank of Pakistan (NBP).

A running finance facility of Rs2 billion, renewable on yearly basis, was also
announced for PSM based on government guarantee by Consortium of Banks led by
the NBP. The ECC also approved the import of 500,000 tonnes of sugar to meet the
local requirement of the commodity.

It accorded approval to the proposal of selling sugar at the Utility Stores at
Rs45 per kilogram from Rs38/kg keeping in view the differential of 10-15 per
cent in the market and the Utility Store Corporation (USC) prices.

The ECC nodded the strategy designed for ensuring regular supply of major as
well as minor crops in order to sustain food security. The main elements of the
strategy included timely announcement of support price for wheat and
intervention/indicative price for major and minor crops; ensuring timely
availability of farm inputs at affordable prices with special emphasis on water
conservation and its judicious use; setting area and production targets of major
and minor crops in consultation with stakeholders; enhancing farmers' access to
modern crop varieties and new technologies and promoting adoption of good
agricultural practices for production of major and minor crops; besides
improving marketing systems for various agricultural commodities.

In case of shortage of essential food commodities, their supply will be ensured
by the public and private sectors through imports and maintenance of buffer
stocks, the ECC decided.

The ECC gave go-ahead to measures for disposal of rice lying in Passco godowns
which included export of rice to Middle East, Iran, Europe or any other market
on government to government basis; sales/exports to be done through qualified
agents/brokers; and $900/tonne would be the minimum base price for super basmati
within 5 per cent limit of broken rice.

The ECC also approved the Standardized Security Agreements for hydro power
projects under the Policy for Power Generation 2002. The ECC authorised the
Board of PPIB to approve any project specific amendment in the Standardised
Security Hydropower Agreements required during negotiations provided GOP
obligations or liabilities are not increased.

The ECC approved the recommendations of the Committee on Revival of the Risalpur
Export Processing Zone which included allowing export of the manufactured goods
from the REPZ as trading items to Afghanistan via land route; revision of lease
rates/annual ground rent will be decided by Export Processing Zone Authority,
Board of Directors; and 30 per cent export of manufactured goods to tariff area
will be allowed.

The meeting was also briefed by Ministry of Industries and Production on
progress on implementation of the National Sugar Policy 2009-10.

While considering the issue of revision of re-lending policy of foreign loans
/credits, the ECC decided that provinces may avail re-lending of the foreign
loans on the same terms and conditions on which loans are signed by the GoP.

In this regard the provinces would be allowed to issue their own bonds. While
considering the issue of passing on the German grant/soft loan to PPAF for
livelihood support and promotion of small community infrastructure project, the
ECC okayed relaxation of terms before signing the agreement, which included
passing on of Euro 14,860,399.40 grant to PPAF as a grant and passing on of Euro
16,701,660.86 loan to PPAF as a grant.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          The Providence Journal, R.I.

                            January 16, 2005, Sunday

Rhode Island development group's goals include aid to biotech, small business

BYLINE: By Andrea L. Stape

LENGTH: 2154 words



The holidays may be over for most people, but not for the Rhode Island Economic
Development Corporation, which has just finished compiling its wish list for the
2005 legislative session.

This year, the EDC is looking for approval from the General Assembly to borrow $
54 million to make loans to small businesses, to develop commercial real estate
and to help grow a biotechnology community. In addition, the EDC is looking for
$ 900,000 in appropriations from the General Assembly to fuel economic
development programs ranging from studying the state's tax policy to creating a
science and technology council.

Governor Carcieri has enthusiastically embraced the EDC's 2005 "Jobs
Partnership" plan, said Michael McMahon, the executive director of the agency.
What the governor actually puts in his budget for 2005, however, won't be known
until next month.

But getting Carcieri's backing is only the first step. McMahon admitted that
with so many new programs and proposals, the EDC runs the risk of not gaining
General Assembly approval to borrow money or for specific appropriations. Last
year, a number of the EDC's requests fell victim to the political undertow at
the State House.

"There is an education process and a natural reluctance to support change,
particularly if it's a big task," said McMahon. "So one of the things we're
resigned to doing -- or committed to doing -- is really continuing an education
process and advocating those things that we believe can make a big difference."

Despite McMahon's optimism, it's really too soon to tell which of the EDC's
programs will even make it into the governor's budget, said Peter Marino, policy
director for the Rhode Island Public Expediture Council, a business-backed
nonprofit research group.

"It's too early to comment. There's certainly a lot of potential there," said
Marino. "It's just a matter of how they evolve through the legislative process
and what the priorities are for the governor and the General Assembly."

In order to borrow more than $ 4 million for any particular project, the EDC
must get the General Assembly's approval. This year, the EDC would like to
borrow about $ 54 million overall for the following:

--Growth Center Jump Start Program: The EDC wants to borrow $ 25 million to loan
to land developers to get property throughout the state ready for commercial
development. The state would loan money to developers so they could get site
permits and zoning board approvals, put in utilities and transportation
infrastructure and possibly do building designs, said McMahon.

He added that the state is having trouble attracting companies because it
doesn't have enough locations that are ready to build on immediately. This
program would get sites prepared for companies to begin building on once they
look at them -- without having to wait months to gain permitting and zoning
approvals.

With this program, the EDC is proposing that a Rhode Island Growth Center
Commission be set up that includes seven members from statewide planning, the
Department of Environmental Management, the EDC, the Department of
Transportation, Grow Smart Rhode Island, the Rhode Island Housing and Mortgage
Finance Corporation and the Rhode Island League of Cities and Towns. The state
already requires that cities and towns designate a growth center as part of
their master plans, but they would have to submit those areas to the committee
for growth center approval.

Once the growth centers are set up, local developers would be able to go to the
EDC to apply for loans. No more than $ 5 million would be lent for use in any
one community, and no developer could be loaned more than $ 2.5 million. The
loan amount would not be more than the value of the land, according to the EDC.
The EDC would charge the developers an interest rate of 1 percent over the cost
of borrowing the money. And developers must pay back the money when the building
goes up or within three years of borrowing it.

The state does run the risk that the developers will default on the loans, but
McMahon said, "my sense is we're going to find a fair amount of support."

--Small and Minority Business Growth Fund: The EDC is also looking for approval
to borrow $ 10 million to set up a loan fund for small businesses struggling to
comply with new fire-code regulations, as well as for minority- and women-owned
businesses.

About $ 2 million would be used to help small businesses gain loans from
commercial banks, according to the EDC. The small-business owner would negotiate
a loan from a bank, and the EDC would guarantee up to 5 percent of the loan
amount. That means if the company defaults and can't pay the loan back, the EDC
would be required to pay back 5 percent of the loan amount.

The EDC would make another $ 2 million available to four local minority and
women small-business loan programs -- the Minority Investment Development
Corporation, the Rhode Island Coalition for Minority Investment, the Providence
Economic Development Partnership and the Urban Revitalization Fund. The four
agencies would be able to use the money to make loans to minority and women
business owners. The loans could not be used for overhead, but for expansion or
capital expenditures.

Right now, said McMahon, these four minority financing agencies are having
trouble lining up consistent sources of money.

"They're all on a shoestring," he said. "What we're saying is, if we believe
these businesses can grow, let's put some capital behind it."

McMahon, though, conceded that there is some risk on the state's part in getting
involved in these loans.

"I'm sure we're going to have loan losses, where the General Assembly would have
to be prepared to replenish this account when it gets depleted," he said.

The EDC wants to borrow another $ 3 million to arrange a master bonding program
for minority contractors, which would allow them to set up business track
records.

Also under this program, the EDC would like to borrow $ 3 million and earmark it
for a new Fire Code Loan Program. The loans would be to small businesses to make
improvements to meet the state's new fire codes and would be for no more than $
250,000 to any one company.

Overall, this loan fund is a more focused and specific version of a request the
EDC put before the General Assembly last year that was not approved. McMahon
said he hopes that this year it will get more support.

"Why do I believe we have a better chance? More focused needs that are more
readily identified -- with either a specific need, (such as) fire codes, or more
specific social programs," said McMahon.

--Samuel Slater Technology Fund: Traditionally, this state program for investing
in young technology companies has gotten an annual appropriation in the state
budget. Last year, the General Assembly appropriated $ 3 million for the
program. But this year, McMahon would like to borrow $ 15 million.

The Slater program's financing has often gotten caught in the political
crossfire between the governor and the General Assembly. Last year, the
legislature cut the program's budget from $ 4 million to $ 3 million. In 2003,
the General Assembly had raised the fund's budget to $ 4 million from $ 3
million.

In order to alleviate the changes in the program's budget and give it more money
and more flexibility to make loans and grants to young technology companies,
McMahon would like to set up a $ 15-million, five-year fund. That way the fund
could use the money at its own pace, since in some years there aren't $ 3
million worth of companies to finance, and other years there are more, he said.

"The nature of the business doesn't lend itself to annual funding," said
McMahon.

The Slater Fund would also be required to find at least $ 15 million in outside
financing to match the state's investment.

--Northern Rhode Island BioTech Facility: The EDC would like to borrow $ 4
million to help facilitate the growth of a biotechnology industry in Rhode
Island.

With this initiative, the state would support the construction of a
100,000-square-foot biotechnology facility in northern Rhode Island that could
house three to four growing companies. The state would encourage private
developers to build the facility, which could cost as much as $ 20 million,
according to an EDC estimate.

The EDC would use the $ 4 million to guarantee the leases of the biotechnology
companies in their third and fourth years in the facility -- the two years that
are the riskiest for young biotechnology companies, according to the state.

McMahon acknowledged that if a company defaults, the state would have to cover
the remainder of the lease.

The EDC would also like the governor to include the following items in his 2005
budget. But even if Carcieri does, it's no guarantee that the General Assembly
will agree to put them in its final version.

--Tax Policy Analysis: The EDC and other government watchdog groups -- from the
business-backed Rhode Island Public Expenditure Council to the socially active
Poverty Institute -- have been calling for better tracking of the state's tax
policies and incentives.

In 2003, the EDC and the Division of Taxation hired James Medoff, a Harvard
University economics professor, to look at how well the state's tax incentives
were working. While Medoff was able to do some analysis, he wasn't able to get a
comprehensive look at the state's tax incentives due to a lack of data.

In 2005, the EDC would like to have $ 100,000 set aside to hire an outside
consulting firm to analyze how well the state's tax incentives are creating
jobs.

--Business Innovation Factory: Trying to capitalize on the state's size, the EDC
has set up a program that works to convince companies to test-market and try out
new ideas in the smallest state in the union. The EDC is asking for $ 100,000 to
continue developing and marketing this project.

--Office of Economic and Community Development: The EDC would like the General
Assembly to set aside $ 400,000 for the EDC office, which encourages economic
development projects in the state's cities and towns. The office grants money
for projects -- such as zoning studies and upgrading design regulations -- as
long as they are matched by the city or town. Last year, the EDC asked for $
500,000 and got $ 375,000 from the General Assembly.

The EDC would like to use some of the OECD money to do site work, zoning,
planning and marketing of a biomanufacturing park, according to Jean Robertson,
director of research for the EDC. Ideally, the EDC wants the park to be close to
Amgen's huge biomanufacturing facility in West Greenwich. The EDC would market
the park nationally in an attempt to attract other pharmaceutical manufacturers
to the state.

In addition, the EDC would like to set up a Center Rhode Island
Bio-Manufacturing Park Commission made up of 11 members that would oversee
development of a bio-manufacturing cluster in the state.

--Science and Technology Council: The EDC is requesting $ 150,000 to set up a
council that would be dedicated to promoting science and technology initiatives.

--Marine Life Sciences: Last year, the EDC pinpointed a spot in the Quonset
Davisville Port and Commerce Park that it said would be good for a marine life
sciences park, where companies interested in developing pharmaceuticals from the
sea could locate. This year, the EDC is asking for $ 150,000 to market the site
nationally.

--Economic and Community Development Oversight: With separation of powers
pulling legislators off the boards of quasi-public agencies, the EDC is
suggesting setting up a joint oversight committee for economic development. The
panel would get updates on how well incentives given to particular companies are
working and get a detailed review of the EDC's programs. The committee would
meet four times a year, including once during the legislative session, so that
the EDC could get direction on its legislative agenda, McMahon said.


THE EDC'S WISH LIST: Here are some of the spending proposals in the Rhode Island
Economic Development Corporation's budget:

--Growth Center Jump Start Program -- $ 25 million

--Samuel Slater Technology Fund -- $ 15 million

--Small and Minority Business Growth Fund -- $ 10 million

--Northern R.I. Bio-Tech Facility -- $ 4 million

--Office of Economic and Community Development -- $ 400,000

--Tax Policy Analysis -- $ 100,000

--Marine Life Sciences Initiative -- $ 150,000

--Science and Technology Council -- $ 150,000

--Business Innovation Factory -- $ 100,000

Source: EDC


-----

To see more of the The Providence Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.projo.com.


LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: PJ-ECON-DEVELOP-20050116

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                  Copyright 2005 The Providence Journal, R.I.


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                                August 18, 2009

Lower fees make SBA loans more attractive

BYLINE: Bernadette Starzee

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 594  words


Earlier this year, Double Eagle Agency Inc., a property and casualty insurance
agency in Glen Head, received a Small Business Administration 504 loan to
purchase a building in Mineola. The company expects to move to its new
headquarters next month.

Thanks to the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act in February, the company
received a nice bonus: About $10,000 in loan fees were waived. "We put the
$10,000 toward improvements to the building," said Paul Adimando, who owns the
company.

For companies that are in a position to apply for an SBA 504 or 7(a) loan, there
may be no better time than the present. Since the ARRA in February, fees
associated with these loans have been waived. In addition, the Small Business
Administration's guarantee on 7(a) loans has increased, lowering the risk for
private lenders.

According to Roslyn D. Goldmacher, chief executive and founder of the Long
Island Development Corp. in Bethpage, which administers 504 loans, the borrower
is normally responsible for fees of 2 percent with a 504 loan. Therefore, a
company that borrows $1 million will save $20,000 in fees.

The Small Business Administration is covering the fees until funds run out. "As
of late July, only 40 percent of the money had been used," said Goldmacher, who
added that she expects the fund to last until November or December. Further,
Goldmacher said, the National Association of Development Cos., a trade group for
organizations such as the LIDC, is requesting that Congress legislate an
extension for the fee waiver.

"A 504 loan is mainly for businesses that want to buy, renovate or construct
facilities," said Goldmacher, who noted that, while the fee waiver isn't the
impetus for a business to apply for the loan, "it will make the project more
affordable," she said.

For the 7(a), a general business loan that is the most prevalent SBA loan type,
the SBA's guarantee to lenders - typically 75 or 85 percent depending on the
loan total - was raised to 90 percent, where it will remain until the end of the
year, said Susan Raizer, a loan officer with Community Development Corp. of Long
Island, which has offices in Freeport and Centereach and is a preferred lender
of the SBA.

In addition, the guarantee fees, which are 2 to 3.5 percent (or 3.75 percent of
the amount over $1 million) of the guaranteed portion of the loan, will be
waived for the remainder of 2009.

"It makes the loan very attractive to both lenders and borrowers," Raizer said.
"With the 90 percent guarantee, lenders may only be out 10 percent. And
borrowers don't have to pay the fees, which can be substantial. "

Mike Stamler, a spokesperson for the SBA, said the increased guarantee and fee
waivers have caused an uptick in loan activity.

According to Stamler, in the first part of the year, prior to the passing of the
ARRA, the weekly averages for 7(a) loans and 504 loans numbered 622 and 80,
respectively. Since the fees were waived and the guarantee percentage was
increased, the weekly average has been 874 for 7(a) loans and 124 for 504 loans.

"Lower fees make a big difference in whether a company can afford a loan,"
Stamler said. "Typically, a borrower will finance the fees, and if a company is
financing $40,000 less over seven years, it can mean a significantly lower
monthly payment. "

However, since the Oct. 1 start of the SBA's fiscal year, lending is down
significantly versus the prior year. Through Aug. 4, according to Stamler, there
were 34,661 7(a) loans totaling $7.2 billion. There were 62,225 7(a) loans
totaling $11 billion for the same period in the prior year.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            August 21, 2007 Tuesday

Legislation: FHLB Credit Enhancement Bill Gets Support in Congress

BYLINE: Andrew Ackerman

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4 Vol. 361 No. 32699

LENGTH: 885  words


Supporters of legislation that would allow the 12 Federal Home Loan Banks to
credit enhance municipal bond transactions claim it is gaining momentum now that
identical bills have been introduced in both houses of Congress.

Specifically, the legislation would change the federal tax code and allow any of
the 8,100 member lenders of the FHLB system to issue letters of credit, which
could be used to insure small industrial development bond deals or transactions
involving small nonprofit health care facilities, colleges, or universities,
supporters say.

The tax code would have to be amended because currently only housing bonds can
be backed by a federal guarantee and still retain their tax-exempt status.

Proponents argue that the bill is crucial for local projects financed by small
issuers that have trouble accessing the capital markets. They also note that it
would put the FHLB system on the same level as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, two
other government-sponsored enterprises that are permitted to issue letters of
credit in support of tax-exempt bonds.

Small unrated issuers face "limited access" to debt markets without credit
enhancement, said John R. Price, president and chief executive officer of
FHLBank Pittsburgh. He stressed that underwriting such small types of credits
"is in the very nature of community banking."

"We expect there will be a limited area of overlap between bond insurers and
community banks in this market," Price added.

Sen. Jay Rockefeller, D-W.Va., co-sponsored the bill earlier this month, along
with Sens. Mike Crapo, R-Idaho, Debbie Stabenow, D-Mich.,Tom Carper, D-Del.,
Robert Casey, D-Pa., and Tim Johnson, D-S.D.

The Senate version of the bill comes three months after four lawmakers
introduced identical legislation in the House. That bill was authored by Rep.
Sander Levin, D-Mich., and cosponsored by Rep. Phil English, R-Pa., who
introduced similar legislation in the last Congress that went nowhere, as well
as Reps. Deborah Pryce, R-Ohio, and Paul E. Kanjorski, D-Pa., chairman of the
House Financial Services subcommittee on capital markets, insurance, and
government sponsored enterprises.

Toby Rittner, the executive director of the Council of Development Finance
Agencies, which supports the plan, noted that the legislation could spur
issuance of IDBs.

"As a major measure of support to the economic development finance community,
this important legislation would effectively improve the use of small issue
industrial development bonds across the country," Rittner said in a statement.

But insurers are concerned about the legislation, stressing that it would create
a double government subsidy because the bonds would retain their tax-exempt
status and also be backed by the GSEs that benefit from lower borrowing costs
because of an inherent federal guarantee.

Gary C. Dunton, the president and chief executive officer of MBIA Inc.,
suggested at a conference last spring that the proposal might eventually limit
the tax revenues currently paid to federal, state and governments, based on the
assumption that private credit enhancers would be displaced by the banks.

Though Dunton was unavailable to comment for this story, an MBIA spokeswoman
said the company's concerns remain the same.

"The investment-grade municipal market remains exceptionally well-served by the
triple-A bond insurers," the spokeswoman said. "This is evidenced by the steady
demand in the market, which has been unchanged since 2002."

According to the Association of Financial Guaranty Insurers, which represents
the insurance industry, $187 billion in par value of munis were insured last
year, along with $1.3 trillion in outstanding debt as of Dec. 31.

Though the volume of bonds that could be enhanced by the banks is unknown, the
Congressional Budget Office has estimated that roughly $6 million over five
years would be diverted from federal coffers if FHLBs were allowed to provide
letters of credit for tax-exempt deals, according to the banks.

"This does not cost a lot of money," said Peter Knight, a spokesman for the
FHLBank of Pittsburgh.

Still, Bob Mackin, AFGI's executive director, described the bill as "poor tax
policy" and warned it would "effectively permit the FHLBanks to use their
federal subsidies to enter a new line of business that competitive private firms
already serve."

Alex J. Pollock, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and
former president and chief executive officer of the FHLB of Chicago, who is
opposed to the proposal, said he sees no reason to expand GSE powers except in
the case of a clear-cut market failure.

"There's a theoretical problem," he said. "Why would you expand GSE powers
without some kind of pressing problem, and why would you ever do it permanently
instead of temporarily?"

Pollack also cited a little noticed aspect to the plan that would require
underwriting banks to post collateral equivalent to as much as 115% of the
transaction with the bank providing the letter of credit.

"That might reduce its appeal," Pollack said.

But Knight said that high collateral requirements should ease the concerns of
bond insurers that are worried the banks would steal their business.

"That is one of the things that will be a natural check on the volume of this
business," he said.

http://www.bondbuyer.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: b


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

Reps question AIDEA fisheries quota financing deal

BYLINE: Molly Dischner, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1049 words


March 20--The Alaska Legislature could consider allowing a state entity to get
involved in fisheries financing if bills in House and Senate committees continue
moving forward, but some legislators are raising questions about the plan.

The most recent versions of Senate Bill 140 and House Bill 288 -- introduced by
Sen. Lesil McGuire, R-Anchorage, and Rep. Bob Herron, D-Bethel, respectively --
include language that adds fisheries projects to the proposed Arctic
infrastructure fund.

The infrastructure fund would enable the Alaska Industrial Development and
Export Authority to get involved in developing Arctic ports, roads, emergency
services and telecommunications, subject to certain limitations. The authority
already has the ability to engage in certain work in the Arctic, and has
partnered on other projects there.

The new language in both bills would enable AIDEA to use the fund for financing,
loans or bond guarantees for fishing vessels, quota shares or individual fishing
quota in federally-managed fisheries, or to construct or enhance a plant,
facility or equipment used in support of a fishery in the Arctic.

The state has not previously gotten involved in loans to finance quota purchase.

AIDEA has been involved in other aspects of financing fisheries, although it
hasn't made any quota loans. Fisheries-related businesses in Juneau and Sitka
have received funding through the Loan Participation Program, and the
organization is also involved in the Ketchikan shipyard.

The legislation defines the Arctic as including the Bering Sea and Aleutian
chain, where the majority of Alaska's rationalized federal fisheries take place.

The fisheries language was originally added to the Arctic Infrastructure fund in
the Senate Labor and Commerce Committee March 14, where it easily passed on to
Senate Finance. When the identical bill was discussed at a March 17 House Labor
and Commerce Committee hearing, however, legislators had questions.

Rep. Lora Reinbold, R-Eagle River, said she was previously a commercial fisher,
and aware of the variety of programs available to help support fishermen. She
wasn't sure there was a need for another, she said, or for state funds to
support that value of loans.

Rep. Charisse Millett, R-Anchorage, also questioned whether the loans should
support vessels, but said she did support financing for other fisheries
infrastructure, like equipment and plants, that are fixed to a location.

Rep. Dan Saddler, R-Eagle River, also asked about the provisions to ensure the
loans supported Alaskans, and the instances in which Outside entities could
benefit.

AIDEA Deputy Director for Infrastructure Development Mark Davis said the
authority supported the fund, and said that generally, anything it is involved
in must have a "nexus" to Alaska.

Davis also said that generally, the idea of the program is to "repatriate" quota
to Alaska, and help provide a stronger base for the fishing industry here.

Currently, the boats participating in the rationalized Bering Sea and Aleutian
Islands fisheries are largely based in Seattle.

However, AIDEA could possibly wind up providing loans to businesses based
outside the state through the program, although the vessels would need to work
in the eligible fisheries, he said.

According to AIDEA spokesman Karsten Rodvik, however, the entity did not pursue
the amendments that could create the new program, and has not yet done analysis
on expanding its fisheries financing as proposed.

Previously, Rodvik wrote in an email that even if the amendments were added to
the bill and passed the legislature, such a program would not necessarily be
enacted immediately.

"The Fund would need to be capitalized before any new infrastructure projects
could be financed through the Fund," Rodvik wrote in a March 4 email. "Also,
before any investment or Arctic or fisheries infrastructure would be funded
through the new Fund, the potential financing would go through the same rigorous
due diligence that all of our infrastructure financing goes through."

AIDEA financing for quota purchases was an idea originally floated at the
authority's February board meeting.

Anchorage-based asset management firm Pt Capital, which focuses on the Arctic,
made the pitch to AIDEA's board of directors Feb. 20 on behalf of three groups
interested in such a program: the City of Seward, the Aleutian Pribilof Islands
Community Development Association, or APICDA, and the Association of Village
Council Presidents, or AVCP.

AVCP President Myron Naneng and Seward's Ron Long both testified in support of
the fisheries financing during the March 17 House committee hearing.

Rodvik wrote that to his knowledge, Pt, various communities, APICDA and Seward
were behind the most recent push to get the fisheries financing enacted.

The program as originally proposed would specifically allow low-interest loans
or guarantees for quota purchases by community-based nonprofits, municipalities,
and community quota entities. Community Development Quota, or CDQ, groups would
not be eligible for the loans. CDQ groups are six entities representing 65
Western Alaska villages that receive 10.7 percent of Bering Sea fishing quota
each year.

Those community non-profit groups would then need to form joint ventures with
others in the industry, like fishing companies or CDQ groups, to harvest the
quota. APICDA, one of the proponents of the plan, is a CDQ group and would act
as a partner in harvesting quota, not as an eligible entity for financing, under
the original proposal.

As proposed through the Arctic infrastructure fund, however, it appears that
APICDA and other CDQ groups could receive the loans without community partners.

That's because those community requirements do not appear in the legislation,
although they are mentioned in a supporting document submitted by Pt Capital.

Rodvik said in an email March 18 that AIDEA will need to wait and see what the
legislative intent is before determining whether the community requirement is
part of the final program, or what other eligibility requirements might exist.

Molly Dischner can be reached at molly.dischner@alaskajournal.com

___ (c)2014 the Alaska Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) Visit the Alaska
Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) at www.alaskajournal.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140320-JA-Reps-question-AIDEA-fisheries-quota-financing-deal-0320-20140320

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2014 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            September 5, 2011 Monday

Rep. Schmidt claims win in sign mandate

BYLINE: By Jessica Wehrman and Jack Torry Washington Bureau

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 554 words


WASHINGTON - Rep. Jean Schmidt is claiming a victory in a battle over whether
communities will be required to replace signs along public roads by 2015 and
2018.

The Obama administration announced last week that it will eliminate dozens of
deadlines for replacing traffic signs to comply with safety standards initiated
under the Bush administration.

Instead, officials said, communities can replace signs after the old ones wear
out. In a statement, Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said the deadline
"would have cost communities across America millions of dollars in unnecessary
expenses."

For her part, Schmidt, a member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure
Committee, signed a June 2 letter to LaHood protesting the rules. She called
them "an unfunded federal mandate."

Schmidt, R-Loveland, said while she likes the idea of improving signs for safety
purposes but "replacing existing signs before they wear out could be extremely
expensive for some communities."

Replacing street signs in unincorporated areas of Warren County, she said, would
cost more than $1 million.

"Budgets of governments at all levels are already facing tremendous pressures,"
Schmidt wrote in an editorial on the issue. "The Department of Transportation
did the right thing in listening to all those squeaky wheels calling for
elimination of most of the deadlines for this unfunded mandate."

Kasich likes presidential field

Gov. John Kasich is not ready to endorse a Republican presidential candidate,
but he insisted that both Gov. Rick Perry and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt
Romney would be formidable candidates.

"I don't think Perry is too conservative,'' Kasich said during a C-Span
interview being aired this weekend. He praised Perry's record in Texas, saying
that the state does not have an income tax, minimizes regulations and has
reformed its tort laws.

"That's why a lot of our companies look to go down there,'' Kasich said. "They
have young people going in by the plane load.''

But he also said that Romney "has a powerful message,'' pointing out that he
"was a successful businessman and a good governor.''

Kasich acknowledged he has urged New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie to enter the
race, but indicated Christie would not run. But even without Christie, Kasich
said, "I think we have a pretty good field.''

Piketon a source for jobs

The U.S. Chamber of Commerce last week highlighted southeast Ohio's American
Centrifuge Project as an example of the sort of program that President Obama
should support when he reveals his jobs plan before a joint session of Congress
next week.

The Chamber, in its blog, cited the proposed uranium centrifuge project in Pike
County as an example of a program that Obama could support to build jobs in the
country.

"By taking simple steps to facilitate the project approval process, including
timely decisions on loan guarantees, the administration could spark a
manufacturing renaissance and make a significant dent in the nations' stubbornly
high unemployment rate," the Chamber said on its blog.

The program has been stalled as Maryland-based USEC Inc., awaits word of whether
the Department of Energy will back a $2 billion Department of Energy loan
guarantee. The department has apparently held off on approving the loan
guarantee because of concerns about the facility's technology and finances.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3043  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Request For Information And Notice Of Listening Session.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on implementing the
provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill)
relating to water and waste disposal direct and guaranteed loans. RUS is
requesting written comments regarding the Section 6019 provisions and their
relation to project financing requirements. This public input will allow all
affected stakeholders to contribute to the development of agency procedures for
implementing these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission
of facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility infrastructure
to improve the quality of life and promote economic development in rural
America.

As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be hosting a
listening session. The listening session will provide an opportunity for
stakeholders and other interested parties to offer their comments, concerns or
requests regarding the implementation of these provisions. Instructions
regarding registering for and attending the listening session are in the
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this notice.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    Request for Comment
    Listening Session
    Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

DATES: Back to Top

Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written comments on or before
January 9, 2015.

Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end by 3:00 p.m. All
Participants must register by Monday, December 8, 2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION section for additional guidance and information on the listening
session.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov. Follow instructions
for submitting comments.
    Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment addressed to
Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA
Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue, STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington,
DC 20250- 1522.

Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-S of the
South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue SW., Wing 1,
Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the listening session. The
listening session is open to all members of the public who register.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Background Back to Top

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the development of
water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water and Waste Disposal (WWD)
program. The WWD program is authorized under Section 306 of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide
financing in the form of loans, grants, and loan guarantees to eligible
applicants, including cities, towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than
10,000 inhabitants. This financial assistance is intended to reach communities
in greatest need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.

Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section 333 of the
CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent practicable, private
or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and waste disposal facilities. The
section directs the agency to achieve this requirement through the following
five provisions: (A) Maximizing the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B)
maximizing the use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a
material impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a "materiality standard" to determine when to maximize
direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects that require interim
financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if an existing direct loan borrower can
refinance with a private or cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new
direct loan.

RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed loans, direct
loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779, 1780, and 1782,
respectively. These regulations currently address topics discussed in Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including but not limited to requirements
for documenting need for RUS financing in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation
of loans, and interim financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions
and identifying how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is
also considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.

RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural water systems,
trade associations, consumer groups, financing and lending institutions, and
individuals to comment on the questions and potential requirements proposed
herein. RUS requests that stakeholders provide, in writing, any information or
analysis they believe to be relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill
provisions. By further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit,
or otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill in its
entirety.
Request for Comment Back to Top

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the provisions of
Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support the agency's mission,
including ensuring that new regulations and policies do not overly burden the
agency's borrowers and their customers. The following questions and discussion
items are posed to guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments
that are beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:

Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs the agency to "maximize the use of" loan guarantees for projects that
will serve rural communities with populations greater than 5,500. RUS has an
existing regulation for loan guarantees where the Agency guarantees quality
loans for the construction or improvement of water and waste projects serving
the financially needy communities in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS
has an existing regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing,
and the Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through commercial
credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The agency currently
does not limit its guaranteed program or test for credit to those communities
with populations of greater than 5,500. The agency requests responses and
comments on the following questions:

1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision A?

2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population exceeding 5,500
to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a direct loan or grant?

3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining whether
applicants should be required to first apply through the guaranteed program?

4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek commercial
credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the agency's direct loan
and grant program?

5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial ratios, minimum
loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population required by Provision A of
Section 6019, that the agency should screen for prior to referring borrowers to
cooperative and commercial lenders for guaranteed loans?

6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste Disposal
Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can they be addressed
through implementation of Section 6019?

7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6 that should be
considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for assessing the impact on
ratepayers in determining when the agency should use direct loans or loan
guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7 CFR Part 1780, require the agency to
provide loan and grant funds for water and waste projects serving the most
financially needy communities. The existing regulations further require the
agency to provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency presently
uses the median household income of the service area as well as a comparison of
at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable user costs to the
ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the following topics:

8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provisions B and C?

9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible projects in
rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to ensure a standard
approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?

10. What factors should be considered in determining the materiality standard
described in Section 6019? For those factors, what is to be considered a
material difference in cost to rate payers?

11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at which the agency
will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee? Should it be based on a set
dollar increase, a percentage of median household income, or some other
approach? If an applicant qualifies for the agency's grant, should this exclude
the applicant from this provision?

12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible for the direct
loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if they meet or exceed the
materiality threshold?

13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and timely
information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating in the guaranteed
program so that the impact on rate payers of direct versus guaranteed loans can
be assessed?

14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the
agency to require potential borrowers to seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders for projects requiring greater than $500,000 in interim
financing. RUS's existing regulation allows for interim financing for all loans
exceeding $500,000, where funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on
an interim basis from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR
1780.39(d)). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision D?

16. In your opinion what constitutes "reasonable interest rates?"

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining what is
reasonable?

18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing from private
or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a willingness to provide
financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent the applicant from seeking and
obtaining other non-private or non-cooperative lenders interim financing when
doing so would result in a reduction in the overall project cost?

19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing from private or
cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still have the option to
decline offers for interim financing? In what instances should this be allowed?

20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an existing direct loan
borrower can refinance their direct loan with a private or cooperative lender,
including with a loan guarantee, prior to RUS providing a new direct loan. This
language is consistent with RUS's existing regulatory and servicing
requirements. Applicants must certify in writing and the Agency shall determine
and document that the applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from
their own resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms
(7 CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the Government
that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of indebtedness then
outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan for such purposes from
responsible cooperative or private credit sources, at reasonable rates and
terms, the borrower will, upon request of the Government, apply for and accept
such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision E?

22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible applicants to
other lenders?

23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to ensure that
the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on rural communities?

24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is eligible for the
program, does not want to refinance older loans or use an outside lender?

25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are seeking a new loan
that would qualify for an agency grant?

26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if they claim
they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative lender, including
with a loan guarantee?

27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or cooperative lender
indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans, but the applicant believes
that refinancing would be detrimental to their operations and cause an undue
burden on their rate payers?

28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold (population, dollars,
financial ratios or other) at which they would not consider projects as
candidates for refinancing?

29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?
Listening Session Back to Top

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the public. Oral comments
received from this listening session will be documented. All attendees of this
listening session who submit oral comments are requested to submit a written
copy to help RUS accurately capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and
the public who do not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are
invited to submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated
in the DATES section above.

At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the public. This is
not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and answer session. As noted
above, the purpose is to receive public input that RUS can consider in order to
implement the provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is
interested in receiving input on all aspects of the implementation of these
provisions.

The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from Agency
leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing oral comments are
requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes) as we do not know at this
time how many participants there will be. We request that speakers providing
oral comments also provide a written copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES
section above for information about submitting written comments. All
stakeholders and interested members of the public are welcome to register to
provide oral comments; however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited
number will be selected on a first come, first serve basis.
Instructions for Attending the Listening Session Back to Top

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to USDA
headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing to attend the
listening session in person or via phone must send an email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to register. Registrations
will be accepted until maximum capacity is reached. Once registered, you will
receive an email on how to access the listening session remotely. To register,
provide the following information:

First Name
    Last Name
    Organization
    Title
    Email
    Phone Number
    City
    State
    Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to provide oral
comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must provide valid
photo identification in order to enter the building. Visitors must enter the
South Building on the Independence Side, 4th Wing. Please allow extra time to
get through security. Additional information about the listening session,
agenda, and directions to get to the listening session, will be available at the
USDA Farm Bill Web site
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3043  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Request For Information And Notice Of Listening Session.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on implementing the
provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill)
relating to water and waste disposal direct and guaranteed loans. RUS is
requesting written comments regarding the Section 6019 provisions and their
relation to project financing requirements. This public input will allow all
affected stakeholders to contribute to the development of agency procedures for
implementing these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission
of facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility infrastructure
to improve the quality of life and promote economic development in rural
America.

As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be hosting a
listening session. The listening session will provide an opportunity for
stakeholders and other interested parties to offer their comments, concerns or
requests regarding the implementation of these provisions. Instructions
regarding registering for and attending the listening session are in the
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this notice.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Background
    Request for Comment
    Listening Session
    Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

DATES: Back to Top

Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written comments on or before
January 9, 2015.

Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end by 3:00 p.m. All
Participants must register by Monday, December 8, 2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION section for additional guidance and information on the listening
session.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov. Follow instructions
for submitting comments.
    Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment addressed to
Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA
Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue, STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington,
DC 20250- 1522.

Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-S of the
South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue SW., Wing 1,
Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the listening session. The
listening session is open to all members of the public who register.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Background Back to Top

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the development of
water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water and Waste Disposal (WWD)
program. The WWD program is authorized under Section 306 of the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C. 1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide
financing in the form of loans, grants, and loan guarantees to eligible
applicants, including cities, towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than
10,000 inhabitants. This financial assistance is intended to reach communities
in greatest need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.

Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section 333 of the
CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent practicable, private
or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and waste disposal facilities. The
section directs the agency to achieve this requirement through the following
five provisions: (A) Maximizing the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B)
maximizing the use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a
material impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a "materiality standard" to determine when to maximize
direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects that require interim
financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if an existing direct loan borrower can
refinance with a private or cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new
direct loan.

RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed loans, direct
loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779, 1780, and 1782,
respectively. These regulations currently address topics discussed in Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including but not limited to requirements
for documenting need for RUS financing in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation
of loans, and interim financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions
and identifying how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is
also considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.

RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural water systems,
trade associations, consumer groups, financing and lending institutions, and
individuals to comment on the questions and potential requirements proposed
herein. RUS requests that stakeholders provide, in writing, any information or
analysis they believe to be relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill
provisions. By further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit,
or otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill in its
entirety.
Request for Comment Back to Top

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the provisions of
Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support the agency's mission,
including ensuring that new regulations and policies do not overly burden the
agency's borrowers and their customers. The following questions and discussion
items are posed to guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments
that are beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:

Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs the agency to "maximize the use of" loan guarantees for projects that
will serve rural communities with populations greater than 5,500. RUS has an
existing regulation for loan guarantees where the Agency guarantees quality
loans for the construction or improvement of water and waste projects serving
the financially needy communities in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS
has an existing regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing,
and the Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through commercial
credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The agency currently
does not limit its guaranteed program or test for credit to those communities
with populations of greater than 5,500. The agency requests responses and
comments on the following questions:

1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision A?

2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population exceeding 5,500
to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a direct loan or grant?

3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining whether
applicants should be required to first apply through the guaranteed program?

4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek commercial
credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the agency's direct loan
and grant program?

5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial ratios, minimum
loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population required by Provision A of
Section 6019, that the agency should screen for prior to referring borrowers to
cooperative and commercial lenders for guaranteed loans?

6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste Disposal
Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can they be addressed
through implementation of Section 6019?

7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6 that should be
considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill
directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for assessing the impact on
ratepayers in determining when the agency should use direct loans or loan
guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7 CFR Part 1780, require the agency to
provide loan and grant funds for water and waste projects serving the most
financially needy communities. The existing regulations further require the
agency to provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency presently
uses the median household income of the service area as well as a comparison of
at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable user costs to the
ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the following topics:

8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provisions B and C?

9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible projects in
rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to ensure a standard
approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?

10. What factors should be considered in determining the materiality standard
described in Section 6019? For those factors, what is to be considered a
material difference in cost to rate payers?

11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at which the agency
will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee? Should it be based on a set
dollar increase, a percentage of median household income, or some other
approach? If an applicant qualifies for the agency's grant, should this exclude
the applicant from this provision?

12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible for the direct
loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if they meet or exceed the
materiality threshold?

13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and timely
information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating in the guaranteed
program so that the impact on rate payers of direct versus guaranteed loans can
be assessed?

14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the
agency to require potential borrowers to seek financing from private or
cooperative lenders for projects requiring greater than $500,000 in interim
financing. RUS's existing regulation allows for interim financing for all loans
exceeding $500,000, where funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on
an interim basis from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR
1780.39(d)). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision D?

16. In your opinion what constitutes "reasonable interest rates?"

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining what is
reasonable?

18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing from private
or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a willingness to provide
financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent the applicant from seeking and
obtaining other non-private or non-cooperative lenders interim financing when
doing so would result in a reduction in the overall project cost?

19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing from private or
cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still have the option to
decline offers for interim financing? In what instances should this be allowed?

20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?

Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an existing direct loan
borrower can refinance their direct loan with a private or cooperative lender,
including with a loan guarantee, prior to RUS providing a new direct loan. This
language is consistent with RUS's existing regulatory and servicing
requirements. Applicants must certify in writing and the Agency shall determine
and document that the applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from
their own resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms
(7 CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the Government
that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of indebtedness then
outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan for such purposes from
responsible cooperative or private credit sources, at reasonable rates and
terms, the borrower will, upon request of the Government, apply for and accept
such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The agency requests comment on the following topics:

21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the requirements
of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to fully address the
requirements of Provision E?

22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible applicants to
other lenders?

23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to ensure that
the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on rural communities?

24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is eligible for the
program, does not want to refinance older loans or use an outside lender?

25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are seeking a new loan
that would qualify for an agency grant?

26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if they claim
they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative lender, including
with a loan guarantee?

27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or cooperative lender
indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans, but the applicant believes
that refinancing would be detrimental to their operations and cause an undue
burden on their rate payers?

28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold (population, dollars,
financial ratios or other) at which they would not consider projects as
candidates for refinancing?

29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28 that should
be considered in implementing this provision of Section 6019?
Listening Session Back to Top

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday, December 10,
2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the public. Oral comments
received from this listening session will be documented. All attendees of this
listening session who submit oral comments are requested to submit a written
copy to help RUS accurately capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and
the public who do not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are
invited to submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated
in the DATES section above.

At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the public. This is
not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and answer session. As noted
above, the purpose is to receive public input that RUS can consider in order to
implement the provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is
interested in receiving input on all aspects of the implementation of these
provisions.

The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from Agency
leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing oral comments are
requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes) as we do not know at this
time how many participants there will be. We request that speakers providing
oral comments also provide a written copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES
section above for information about submitting written comments. All
stakeholders and interested members of the public are welcome to register to
provide oral comments; however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited
number will be selected on a first come, first serve basis.
Instructions for Attending the Listening Session Back to Top

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to USDA
headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing to attend the
listening session in person or via phone must send an email to
WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to register. Registrations
will be accepted until maximum capacity is reached. Once registered, you will
receive an email on how to access the listening session remotely. To register,
provide the following information:

First Name
    Last Name
    Organization
    Title
    Email
    Phone Number
    City
    State
    Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to provide oral
comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must provide valid
photo identification in order to enter the building. Visitors must enter the
South Building on the Independence Side, 4th Wing. Please allow extra time to
get through security. Additional information about the listening session,
agenda, and directions to get to the listening session, will be available at the
USDA Farm Bill Web site
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                                August 25, 2006

Government entity helps 53 Colorado companies obtain loans to manufacture and
export goods overseas

BYLINE: Amy Gillentine

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 532  words


A little-known government entity is responsible for helping 53 Colorado
companies - with a total export value of nearly $236 million - obtain loans to
manufacture and export goods overseas. The Export-Import Bank was created in
1934 to encourage banks to underwrite exporting ventures. The bank guarantees 90
percent of any loan written for companies for the purpose of manufacturing goods
to be exported.

"The Export-Import Bank is a quasi-government U.S. agency," said George Boutin,
director of the Greater Colorado Springs Chamber of Commerce's Office of
International Affairs. "It insures risks that community or investment banks
might not be willing to take to exporters to sell goods overseas. If they are
concerned they won't get paid, the bank programs will guarantee the loans in
cooperation with private banks. " Joe Ringer, a senior business development
officer for the bank, oversees business transactions in Colorado, New Mexico and
parts of east and west Texas. He will be the keynote speaker during a chamber
luncheon on Aug. 29. Ringer has more than 30 years of domestic and international
banking experience, and has been the Export-Import Bank since 1992. "We work
with all sizes of corporations," he said. "But we focus on small businesses, the
ones who need our help the most. I'm going to be in Colorado to try to encourage
more banks to use our programs, and to let companies that are interested in
exporting know that we can help. " The ExIm Bank, as it's known in industry
circles, does not issue loans. It underwrites capital programs for small and
medium sized production facilities. Any company that needs working capital to
manufacture goods for export, or buy goods for export, is eligible for the
bank's underwriting program. "Very few banks want to get involved with this,"
Ringer said. "We're trying to get more of them interested. We need to increase
our exports. " The ExIm Bank has underwritten loans for companies in 17 cities
in Colorado, Ringer said. Four companies in El Paso County have benefited from
the bank's programs, according to its Web site, www.exim.gov. But the bank, an
independent government agency, does more than underwrite loans, Ringer said. It
also provides a post-export program. "Sometimes countries we export to will want
to buy things on credit," he said. "Many companies ask for cash in advance or
operate with a line of credit. We issue short and medium term credit in those
cases. " The program has one main purpose. "By increasing exports, we can
increase the number of jobs available in the community and in the country,"
Ringer said. He points to the burgeoning trade deficit as a reason why more
banks should back companies willing to export goods. The trade deficit is
nearing $700 billion and the trade deficit with China is $200 billion, he said.
"As a country, we need to export more goods," he said. "That's why our focus is
on the small businesses, people who need our help. We'll work with any size
company, however. " Boutin said the program should be popular in the Springs.
The city boasts $1.6 billion worth of exports each year, and he said his office
is continually trying to encourage more exports from the city.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               September 16, 2016

                       NOTTINGHAM ASIAN ARTS ASSOCIATION

                             COMMUNITIES COURTYARD
                                 WOLLATON ROAD
                                   NOTTINGHAM
                               Nottingham NG8 2AD


TRADE ADDRESS: Wollaton Park Wollaton Road, Nottingham NG8 2AD

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01159866644
URL: www.asianarts.org.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08155197

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 24, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Pawan Kumar Joshi, Comapny Director
     ·    Mr Jairaj Gadhia, Company Director
     ·    Mr Davinder Singh Virdi, Ceo
     ·    Jayeshchandra Pramodray Jani, Performance Analyst
     ·    Parvin Kumar Jumbu, Day Service Officer
     ·    Dr Hemant Bagalkote, Doctor
     ·    Rajesh Sharma, Partnerships Officer
     ·    Jai Verma, Practice Manager


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Small unquoted company filing only a modified balance sheet

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: July 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: July 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  July 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 20, 2015
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 24, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  2,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201         -
                                                   5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         0         -
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         0         -
Stocks                                             0         0         -
Debtors                                            0         0         -
Cash                                          18,000    37,000         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         -
Other Current Assets                          18,000    37,000         -
Total Current Assets                          18,000    37,000         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         -
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  18,000    37,000         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201         -
                                                   5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         -
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              1,000     1,000         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         -
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      1,000     1,000         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              1,000     1,000         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 17,000    36,000         -
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         -
Shareholder Funds                             17,000    36,000         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    17,000    36,000         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/07/201 31/07/201  -
                           5         4
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales           18,000    53,000  -
Cost of Sales              -         -  -
Gross Profit               -         -  -
Operating Profit           -         -  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          -         -  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit         -19000    36,000  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax           -         -  -
Dividends Payable          -         -  -
Retained Profits           -         -  -
Value Added                -         -  -
Capital Employed      17,000    36,000  -
Net Worth             17,000    36,000  -
Working Capital       17,000    36,000  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees         1,000     1,000  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -    -66      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -    -51      -
Current Assets          -    -51      -
Current                 -      0      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -    -53      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,095 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.20     2.19    22.92
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -4.92     0.44    12.23
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.30     0.31     9.71
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15   130.00   300.00
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.41     0.85     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.50     1.03     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  12,000.0 17,259.3 23,382.3
                                                          0        8        5
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,333.3 55,000.0 85,000.0
                                                          3        0        0
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  40.74    31.64    21.70



CREDIT RATING
Year  0                            74
=
Year -1                            76
=
Year -2       Dormant, non-trading or
=                               agent
Year -3                             -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/07/201 31/07/201 -
                                                           5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                 -111.76    100.00 -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                           -105.56     97.30 -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)               -111.76    100.00 -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -105.56     67.92 -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              100.00    143.24 -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            94.44     67.92 -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x        0.00      0.00 -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   18.00     37.00 -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     18.00     37.00 -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                       0.94      0.97 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          -         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     -         - -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            -         - -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    -         - -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -         - -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  -         - -
Creditors / Debtors                                        -         - -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 17,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: John O'Brien

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces Streamlined Guaranteed Loans and Additional Lender
Category for Small-Scale Operators

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced the availability of a
streamlined version of USDA guaranteed loans, which are tailored for smaller
scale farms and urban producers. The program, called EZ Guarantee Loans, uses a
simplified application process to help beginning, small, underserved and family
farmers and ranchers apply for loans of up to $100,000 from USDA-approved
lenders to purchase farmland or finance agricultural operations.





 "Over the past seven years, we have been transforming our loan programs at USDA
so that they can be attainable and useful to all kinds and sizes of producers,"
said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "These EZ Guarantee Loans will help
beginning and underserved farmers obtain the capital they need to get their
operations off the ground, and they can also be helpful to those who have been
farming for some time but need extra help to expand or modernize their
operations. USDA's Farm Service Agency has offices in nearly every county in the
country, and we encourage all farmers, including those in urban areas, to stop
in and inquire about this program."



 USDA today also unveiled a new category of lenders that will join traditional
lenders, such as banks and credit unions, in offering USDA EZ Guarantee Loans.
Microlenders, which include Community Development Financial Institutions and
Rural Rehabilitation Corporations, will be able to offer their customers up to
$50,000 of EZ Guaranteed Loans, helping to reach urban areas and underserved
producers. Banks, credit unions and other traditional USDA-approved lenders, can
offer customers up to $100,000 to help with agricultural operation costs.



 According to the 2012 Census of Agriculture, 75 percent of all farm operations
gross less than $50,000 per year. EZ Guarantee Loans offer low interest rates
and terms up to seven years for financing operating expenses and 40 years for
financing the purchase of farm real estate. USDA-approved lenders can issue
these loans with the Farm Service Agency (FSA) guaranteeing the loan up to 95
percent.



 USDA is providing a 90-day period for the public to review and comment on
program improvements. To review program details, visit www.regulations.gov,
reference RIN 0560-AI34 and follow the instructions to submit comments.



 More than half of all FSA loans go to new farmers and more than a quarter to
underserved borrowers. FSA also offers loans of up to $5,000 to young farmers
and ranchers though the Youth Loan Program. Loans are made to eligible youth to
finance agricultural projects, with almost 9,000 young people now participating.
More information about the available types of FSA farm loans can be found at
www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or by contacting your local FSA office. To find your
nearest office location, visit http://offices.usda.gov.



 USDA's EZ Guarantee Loans are an additional tool to support strong local and
regional food systems, as well as organic agriculture. Across USDA, the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative coordinates the Department's policy,
resources, and outreach efforts related to local and regional food systems. Over
the past seven years, USDA has helped provide consumers a stronger connection to
their food with more than $1 billion in investments to over 40,000 local and
regional food businesses and infrastructure projects since 2009. Industry data
estimates that U.S. local food sales totaled at least $12 billion in 2014, up
from $5 billion in 2008.Learn more about USDA investments connecting producers
with consumers and expanding rural economic opportunities online at USDA Results
- New Markets, New Opportunities.



 USDA works to strengthen and support American agriculture, an industry that
supports one in 11 American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80
percent of the food we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their
paychecks at the grocery store than most people in other countries, and supports
markets for homegrown renewable energy and materials. Since 2009, USDA has
provided $5.6 billion in disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; expanded risk
management tools with products like Whole Farm Revenue Protection; and helped
farm businesses grow with $36 billion in farm credit. The Department has engaged
its resources to support a strong next generation of farmers and ranchers by
improving access to land and capital; building new markets and market
opportunities; and extending new conservation opportunities. USDA has developed
new markets for rural-made products, including more than 2,700 biobased products
through USDA's BioPreferred program; and invested $64 billion in infrastructure
and community facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces Streamlined Guaranteed Loans and Additional Lender
Category for Small-Scale Operators

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced the availability of a
streamlined version of USDA guaranteed loans, which are tailored for smaller
scale farms and urban producers. The program, called EZ Guarantee Loans, uses a
simplified application process to help beginning, small, underserved and family
farmers and ranchers apply for loans of up to $100,000 from USDA-approved
lenders to purchase farmland or finance agricultural operations.





 "Over the past seven years, we have been transforming our loan programs at USDA
so that they can be attainable and useful to all kinds and sizes of producers,"
said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "These EZ Guarantee Loans will help
beginning and underserved farmers obtain the capital they need to get their
operations off the ground, and they can also be helpful to those who have been
farming for some time but need extra help to expand or modernize their
operations. USDA's Farm Service Agency has offices in nearly every county in the
country, and we encourage all farmers, including those in urban areas, to stop
in and inquire about this program."



 USDA today also unveiled a new category of lenders that will join traditional
lenders, such as banks and credit unions, in offering USDA EZ Guarantee Loans.
Microlenders, which include Community Development Financial Institutions and
Rural Rehabilitation Corporations, will be able to offer their customers up to
$50,000 of EZ Guaranteed Loans, helping to reach urban areas and underserved
producers. Banks, credit unions and other traditional USDA-approved lenders, can
offer customers up to $100,000 to help with agricultural operation costs.



 According to the 2012 Census of Agriculture, 75 percent of all farm operations
gross less than $50,000 per year. EZ Guarantee Loans offer low interest rates
and terms up to seven years for financing operating expenses and 40 years for
financing the purchase of farm real estate. USDA-approved lenders can issue
these loans with the Farm Service Agency (FSA) guaranteeing the loan up to 95
percent.



 USDA is providing a 90-day period for the public to review and comment on
program improvements. To review program details, visit www.regulations.gov,
reference RIN 0560-AI34 and follow the instructions to submit comments.



 More than half of all FSA loans go to new farmers and more than a quarter to
underserved borrowers. FSA also offers loans of up to $5,000 to young farmers
and ranchers though the Youth Loan Program. Loans are made to eligible youth to
finance agricultural projects, with almost 9,000 young people now participating.
More information about the available types of FSA farm loans can be found at
www.fsa.usda.gov/farmloans or by contacting your local FSA office. To find your
nearest office location, visit http://offices.usda.gov.



 USDA's EZ Guarantee Loans are an additional tool to support strong local and
regional food systems, as well as organic agriculture. Across USDA, the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative coordinates the Department's policy,
resources, and outreach efforts related to local and regional food systems. Over
the past seven years, USDA has helped provide consumers a stronger connection to
their food with more than $1 billion in investments to over 40,000 local and
regional food businesses and infrastructure projects since 2009. Industry data
estimates that U.S. local food sales totaled at least $12 billion in 2014, up
from $5 billion in 2008.Learn more about USDA investments connecting producers
with consumers and expanding rural economic opportunities online at USDA Results
- New Markets, New Opportunities.



 USDA works to strengthen and support American agriculture, an industry that
supports one in 11 American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80
percent of the food we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their
paychecks at the grocery store than most people in other countries, and supports
markets for homegrown renewable energy and materials. Since 2009, USDA has
provided $5.6 billion in disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; expanded risk
management tools with products like Whole Farm Revenue Protection; and helped
farm businesses grow with $36 billion in farm credit. The Department has engaged
its resources to support a strong next generation of farmers and ranchers by
improving access to land and capital; building new markets and market
opportunities; and extending new conservation opportunities. USDA has developed
new markets for rural-made products, including more than 2,700 biobased products
through USDA's BioPreferred program; and invested $64 billion in infrastructure
and community facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

BRD's Trade Finance Transactions Hit Rwf2 Billion

BYLINE: Berna Namata

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: Kigali


Rwanda Development Bank (BRD) has said that its trade finance transactions have
hit Rwf 2 billion, an indication that the business community is progressively
signing up to the facility to engage in international trade.

Launched in March this year, BRD's trade finance facility provides financial
support to the business community involved in international trade. "Exporting
and importing requires greater financial flexibility and reserves than buying or
selling locally. The faster and easier the process of financing an international
transaction, the more trade is facilitated," Innocent Bulindi, the Director of
Finance at BRD told Business Times Tuesday.

The facility also facilitates local importers with medium and long-term loans as
well as import letters of credit which act as a guarantee for unfamiliar foreign
suppliers. "Importers need a letter of credit to buy goods overseas and sell
them in the domestic market before paying for imports. This requires access to
short-term financing and that is where our trade finance comes in," Bulindi
said.

Explaining the role of the facility, Bulindi said that BRD is focusing on
building up adequate trade infrastructure to boost international competitiveness
of the local business community. This, he said, will increase the trade and
export potential of the economy.

While BRD has been focusing on importers, Bulindi said the Bank has plans to
bring exporters on board. "We have been focusing on import letters of credit but
we have so many people who are exporting coffee, tea, leather and minerals; they
need export letters of credit," he said.

However he stressed that for exporters the bank is focused on strengthening the
performance of traditional exports including coffee and tea. "For instance we
have a niche market in coffee - instead of going into other sectors that will
not be as profitable as the coffee sector - we would rather strengthen coffee,"
he explained.

With high prospects for growth in the export sector that are anticipated to grow
by over 20 percent this year, Bulindi said the bank is evaluating export
companies to identify viable business prospects.

"We are in the process of forming a working partnership with OCIR Café to
develop a combined program for selected companies to benefit from these
facilities." Since 2003, BRD has been supporting farmers in form of soft loans
to build coffee washing stations and to expand their businesses.

This year, the Bank says it will disburse approximately Rwf 4 billion in form of
loans to boost national exports. However, Bulindi said the Bank is challenged by
limited financial resources which curbs its potential to support the business
community.

According to the official, BRD may not meet its target of investing
approximately $ 11 million in trade finance for this year due to limited access
to financial resources. BRD, in which government is the biggest shareholder with
38.8 percent shares, aims at eradicating poverty especially in rural areas
through investment in agriculture and other projects.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

HUD to Go Ahead With $57 Million Taxable Note Sale;
, After 6-Month Delay

                             June 15, 1987, Monday

By Robert Taylor


After nearly six months of delay, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development in two weeks will go ahead with its first taxable sale ever, with
$57 million of notes for federally guaranteed private loans.

The book-entry-only offering, which will be held by Depository Trust Co., was
originally slated to sell in January, but according to Joseph S. Fichera, a vice
president in the corporate finance department at Smith Barney, Harris Upham &
Co., problems with the technical aspects of the federal guarantee and the
commitments from the participating municipalities delayed the sale.

Paul Webster, director of the financial management division for HUD's assistant
secretary for communities, planning, and development, added that "it was largely
a matter of getting enough notes together to sell for the underwriters to feel
comfortable with the deal."

Smith Barney structured the deal, which is the first offering of its kind since
Congress last year ordered the agency to develop a new private market financing
program to provide loans guaranteed under HUD's Section 108 program. Mr. Fichera
said it is also the first cabinet-level department other than the Treasury to
sell taxable debt.

Under the old Section 108 guidelines, municipalities could borrow money from the
Federal Financing Bank, an agency that lends money to other federal agencies
through loans or securities purchases. The loans used Community Development
Block Grants as collateral. But in 1985, Congress prohibited the bank from
buying guaranteed loans.

With the new private financing program, Mr. Webster said, the agency plans to
bring taxable notes to market two or three times every year.

The first offering will finance eight projects in seven municipalities located
in Puerto Rico, New York, California, and Michigan, Mr. Fichera said. The
largest project will require $35 million to acquire land for a Chrysler facility
in Detroit, Mr. Webster added; the average financing needs of each of the
participating communities is about $7 million.

Although the new program will not allow municipalities to borrow money as
inexpensively as they were able to under the former program, which had been
about 1/8 of a percentage point above the rate of comparable U.S. Treasury debt,
Mr. Webster said the spread on the new bonds should still be "fairly decent,"
noting that there are no prepayment provisions for any of the community's
financing agreements.

"I think most communities have been looking to HUD to get a program in place,
even though the financings will be more expensive," Mr. Webster said, adding
that he does not believe municipalities have any resistance to participating in
a taxable program.

The noncallable notes will have maturities ranging from one to six years, Mr.
Fichera said, and besides the federal guarantee, they will also include security
from Community Development Block Grants.

Along with Smith Barney, Salomon Brothers Inc., which is running the books, and
Citibank are also underwriting the offering. Citibank provided interim financing
for the communities' projects until the note offering came to market, Mr.
Webster said. The preliminary offering statement should be available this week.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 543 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Korea Times

                          September 26, 2000, Tuesday

Export-Import Bank of Korea Supports Domestic Industries

LENGTH: 1237 words


   Established in 1976, the Export-Import Bank of Korea has focussed on
supporting the domestic export-related industries by providing financial funds
with low and long-term rates for nearly 25 years.

As its proven experiences and great achievements indicate, the primary objective
of the bank is to facilitate the development of the national economy and enhance
economic cooperation with foreign countries.

In 1999, the Korean economy achieved 10.7 percent rate of economic growth, the
highest among the crisis-hit countries in Asia.

Such a rapid recovery may be attributed to the painstaking implementation of
huge restructuring programs, throughout both the public and private sectors
nationwide.

Also, the export-driven economic policy _ in which the bank is always at the
center _ has been one of the key factors in materializing the economic momentum.

The bank has contributed to rehabilitating the Korean economy through providing
a variety of financing funds to exporters as well as importers.

These timely and enhanced efforts by the bank to complement the financial market
failure resulted in a remarkable lending increase by 58 percent to 9,458 billion
in 1999.

The most eye-catching increase, however, is the outstanding expansion of the
rediscounted trade bills. The rediscounted trade bills have increased from 845
billion won in 1998 to 3,655 billion won in 1999.

Meanwhile, overseas investment and import credits were set back at as much as
96.0 percent and 51.0 percent, respectively. The special program introduced in
1998 absorbed the nosedive in performance of overseas investment credits and
import credits.

In line with the increasing reconciliation between the two Koreas, highlighted
by the historic summit meeting in August and the government initiative to
revitalize bilateral exchanges and cooperation, the bank has been operating the
South and North Korea Cooperation Fund (SNKCF) since 1991.

Private sectors and non-governmental organizations providing aid to North Korea
are entitled to receive financial assistance from the Fund.

Since its establishment, the Fund has mainly managed to assist government-level
humanitarian aid projects and is expected to contribute to the improvement of
inter-Korean relationships by boosting economic cooperation between the two
Koreas.

The Fund's sources are contributions from the general budget account and
non-government sources, borrowing from reserves and financial returns on the
Fund's portfolio investments.

In 1999, there was an increase of 26.3 percent in funding over the 656.2 billion
won of the previous year. The increase was due to borrowings from the management
fund for the loan to Korean Peninsula Energy Development Organization (KEDO).

The total volume of the Fund at the end of the year stood at 829.1 billion won.

The total volume of inter-Korean trade was $333 million in 1999, an increase of
50.2 percent from $222 million in 1998. Trade volume recorded it highest figure,
even marking an 8.1 percent increase over 1997. The South Imports totaled $121
million and exports were $212 million in 1999, an increase of 31.8 percent and
63.4 percent, respectively, from a year earlier.

Meanwhile, the main role of the bank is to support the developing countries by
lending loans at low rates.

Korea's official development assistance (ODA) accounts for two forms of
bilateral and multilateral aid. The bilateral aid consists of loans and grants.
Bilateral loans refer to the Economic Development Cooperation Fund (EDCF) loans.

The EDCF is also expected to contribute to the prosperity of the global economic
community by assuming responsibility commensurate with the nation's present
international status.

In that regard, EDCF's activity can be viewed as a means of sharing resources of
its accumulated development experiences with the developing countries.

In addition, the bank exerted considerable efforts to support small and
medium-sized companies with various financing schemes.

Export loan disbursements in 1999 went up by 20.4 percent to 7,687 billion won,
compared with the previous year. Loans on rediscounted trade bills accounted for
47.3 percent of total export loan disbursements during the last year.

However, re-lending facilities last year showed a drop of 69.4 percent to 17.6
billion won from a year earlier, and not only on the basis of loan
disbursements. There was also a sharp fall of 72.2 percent to 13.9 billion on
the basis of loan commitments. The credit lines were also reduced from 62 in 35
countries to 52 in 32 countries.

Poor business outcomes in re-lending facilities last year resulted primarily
from prolonged depression in main markets such as Central and South American and
Southeast Asian.

In case of guarantees, the bank has supported exporters by providing various
types of guarantees, such as advance payment guarantee, performance guarantee,
retention payment guarantee, maintenance guarantee, and others.

In 1999, total guarantee commitments decreased by 22.5 percent to 2,919 billion
won from the previous year's level of 3,768 billion won.

The guarantee commitments for overseas construction projects last year, however,
surged to 461 billion won, a huge increase of 207.3 percent from 1998. At the
end of 1999, the guarantee obligations outstanding totaled 4,523 billion won.

The bank raised a net total of 8,325 billion won during 1999, a 7.9 percent
increase over the previous year's 7,714 billion won.

Most of the funds raised during the year were self-generated from the repayment
of the bank's outstanding loans. The total loan repayment by the bank's clients
during last year reached 8,575 billion won, up by almost 30 percent from 6,634
billion won in 1998.

The unexpectedly large growth in loan repayment was partly attributable to the
government's policy to reduce the debt-to-equity ratio to below 200 percent for
large corporations, as part of a corporate restructuring program.

Furthermore, there was a capital subscription of 800 billion won during last
year, 700 billion won from the Bank of Korea, and another 100 billion by the
government.

The total paid-in capital as of the end of 1999 reached 2,475 billion won,
compared to 1,675 billion won at the end of 1998.

Unrelated to capital increase but nonetheless notable was the government's
transfer of 153.6 billion won of its holding of the bank's capital to Korea
Development Bank, which is 100 percent owned by the government, as part of the
government's capital contribution to KDB.

Consequently, the Bank's ownership as of the end of 1999 is as follows; the
government, 54.8 percent, the Bank of Korea, 39 percent; KDB, 6.2 percent.

Under the circumstances, the bank's task will be to improve the quality as well
as to increase the volume of overseas investment projects.

Although it will be a challenge, with the new confidence gained from the
economic recovery, the bank will continue to strive to gradually extend the
quality of its service.

It will work towards meaningful improvement of its financing terms, including
the terms and conditions of the loans.

The bank will sincerely implement the experience gained during the financial
crisis as well as during our rapid economic growth in earlier decades, and will
also strive to improve aid effectiveness.


LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                          Copyright 2000 Hankook Ilbo


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                              Sonali Bank Limited

                      35-42, 44 Motijheel Commercial Area
                                   Dhaka 1000
                                   Bangladesh

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Sonali Bank Limited (Sonali Bank) is a commercial bank. The bank provides a
range of banking and other financial products and services. It offers wide range
of products and services such as deposit accounts, education deposits, medicare
deposits, marriage savings deposits, monthly earnings deposits, letters of
credit, rural credit, micro credit, consumer credit, crop lending, import and
export finance, housing loans, gold loans, SME loan, foreign currency accounts,
investment bonds, debit cards and credit cards. In addition, it offers
international banking services, Islamic banking services, industrial financing,
SME banking services, ancillary services and foreign remittance services.
Through these products and services, the bank serves its individual and
corporate clients. It distributes its products and services through a network of
branches and online. The bank has a presence in Bangladesh, the UK, the US,
Saudi Arabia and India. Sonali Bank is headquartered in Dhaka, Bangladesh.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



Sonali Bank is a financial service provider based in Bangladesh. The bank offers
a range of commercial banking and financial products and services to individual,
commercial, corporate and institutional clients. The bank operates through a
network of 1,208 domestic branches and two overseas branches in India as on
December 31, 2015. It also has presence in the UK, the US, Saudi Arabia and
Kuwait.

The bank classifies its product and services into nine divisions: Personal
Banking, Rural Credit Facility, Micro Credit Facility, International Banking,
Industrial Financing, Deposits and Credit Schemes, SME Banking, Foreign Currency
Account and Investment Bonds.

The bank, under Personal Banking division, offers funds transfer services,
locker facilities, and corporate client services, saving accounts, daily profit
accounts and trade finance.

Under the Rural Credit Facility division, the bank offers loans to agricultural
sector under the Special Agricultural Credit Program to the farmers, who are
affected by the natural disaster. The bank also provides help to young
entrepreneurs in the agricultural sector.

Under the Micro Credit division, the bank offers various program to improve the
living condition of the people, for self employment, and for rural
socio-economic development and to reduce poverty in urban and semi-urban and
rural areas. The few programs offered by the bank include Bank-NGO linkage
wholesale credit, goat rearing, lamb rearing, fruit, herbal, medicinal and
nursery development credit scheme and loan program for disabled person. Under
this division, there are 32 micro credit projects been run by the bank.

The bank, under International Banking division, offers pre-shipment and post
shipment credits, facilitates supplier's credit, letters of credit, foreign
currency guarantees, convertible and non convertible Taka accounts, non-resident
foreign currency deposits, resident foreign currency deposits, bill purchasing
and discounting, import collection services and shipping guarantees, export
letters of credit advising, and post import financing.

Under Industrial Financing division the bank offers finance to cottage
industries, small-medium-large scale industries and self-employed person. Its
major offering include software development and data processing finance, finance
to large scale industries through banks' consortium, and special investment
scheme for cottage and small industries. The bank also offers low rate of
interest finance to the thrust sector such as agro-based industries, stuffed
toys, frozen foods, manufacture of artificial flowers, oil and gas, and
sericulture and silk industries. It also offers finance to textile industry,
sweater industry, tourism, hotel and resort facilities, power generating plant,
pharmaceutical industry, hospitals and clinics, LPG, CNG filling and conversion
plant.

The bank, under Deposit and Credit Schemes division, offers education deposit
schemes, medi-care deposit schemes, rural deposit schemes, marriage saving
schemes, monthly earning schemes, double benefits schemes, school banking
schemes, consumers credit schemes, special small credit schemes, loan for
diagnostic center and information technology finance credit schemes.

Through SME banking division, the bank offers loans to small and medium
enterprises. Its offering includes term loans, project loans and working capital
loans.

The bank, under Foreign Currency Account division, offers foreign currency
accounts, non-resident foreign currency deposit accounts, and resident foreign
currency deposit accounts.

Whereas, the bank's Investment Bond division provides wage earners development
bonds, US dollar investment bonds, government treasury bill and bonds, and US
dollar premium bonds.

The bank also operates through two subsidiaries, Sonali Exchange Company
Incorporated (SECI) and Sonali Investment Limited.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            March 18, 2009 Wednesday

Supervisors approve airport loan with conditions

BYLINE: Jessie Faulkner/The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 435 words


The Headwaters Fund board proposal that a $515,000 loan for airport runaway
safety improvements be converted to a grant if the federal government doesn't
approve the passenger fee charges expected for local funding didn't get an
immediate nod from the Humboldt County Board of Supervisors Tuesday.

Ultimately, the board voted unanimously to authorize the loan with the caveat
that the matter come back if Congress did not authorize the passenger facility
charges -- or a similar local funding mechanism -- necessary to repay the loan
rather than simply converting it to a grant.

Community Development Services Director Kirk Girard proposed that the loan,

needed to provide matching funds for an $8.7 million Federal Aviation
Administration grant to bring the Arcata-Eureka Airport's runways to FAA safety
standards, would be repaid with passenger facility charges. The repayment,
Girard said, would commence in August 2011.

However, the U.S. Congress had not yet authorized the next round of passenger
facility charges.

If Congress does not reauthorize that local source of funding -- which currently
amounts to a $4.50 per passenger -- Girard proposed that the loan be turned into
a grant. The chance of the federal government not reauthorizing the passenger
facility charge is very, very low, he said.

Public Works Director Tom Mattson agreed that it was a very remote possibility
that local funding would be unavailable to pay back the loan. Both underlined
the importance of ensuring that the runway safety improvements were completed.

"This retains our ability to guarantee commercial service for the foreseeable
future at that airport," Mattson said.

Third District Supervisor Mark Lovelace asked whether there were other options

to consider, in the event that the next round of passenger facility charges were
not approved. County Administrative Officer Loretta Nickolaus proposed that
staff to bring the matter back to the board if Congress doesn't reauthorize the
passenger facility charges.

Some in the audience questioned the legitimacy of designating Headwaters Funds
for the requested loan.

For McKinleyville resident David Elsebusch the unasked question on Headwaters
Fund applications is what the applicant would do if the grant or loan wasn't
made. He argued that it's likely the applicants would find funds elsewhere. He
also questioned the legitimacy of the county, which oversees the Headwaters Fund
allotments, providing those funds for its own projects.

"It's not part of the general fund," he said, "but you're using it that way."

Jessie Faulkner can be

reached at 441-0517 or

jfaulkner@times-standard.com.m

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            August 23, 2005 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Banking on bands: Native communities, flush with cash from land claim deals,
find the big banks beating a path to their door

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP1

LENGTH: 1653  words

DATELINE: MANITOULIN ISLAND, Ont.


MANITOULIN ISLAND, Ont. - When the only bank branch on the Wikwemikong native
reserve here closed six years ago it spelled big trouble for Walter Manitowabi
and his family.

The Manitowabis run the supermarket, hardware store, gas station and a handful
of other businesses serving the 3,000 permanent residents of this picturesque
island in Lake Huron, a six-hour drive north of Toronto. "As the community
members left every Friday to do their banking [in nearby towns], they would do
their shopping elsewhere," he explained. So finding another bank willing to
locate on the small reserve "was a priority to us."

Two years later, in 2001, Mr. Manitowabi's family began taking deposits and
cashing cheques on behalf of Royal Bank of Canada, in exchange for a slice of
the banking service fees. His retail business came flooding back.

The establishment of the "agency" bank was obviously a tiny event in the world
of big banking. But it represented the eagerness of Canada's biggest bank to
forge relationships in a previously ignored segment of Canadian society --
native reserves.

The reason: anticipated and unprecedented economic development.

Canada's biggest banks all took an interest in developing business relationships
with aboriginal groups in the mid-1990s when the prospect of land claim
settlements and self-government promised large pools of money for First Nations
groups that would be spent on business and infrastructure development.

Specific land claim settlements in the past 10 years have put almost
$1.2-billion in the hands of First Nations groups, says Margot Geduld, a
spokesperson for Indian and Northern Affairs Canada. The average amount of the
126 settlements was $9.4-million, with more than 100 specific claims still being
negotiated, Ms. Geduld said.

"The demographics really just speak [for themselves]," says Carla Woodward,
national manager of aboriginal banking at Royal Bank.

"There will be faster growth in this segment looking out five to 10 years than
there will be in the overall business community," Ms. Woodward added.

Agency branches, such as the one on Manitoulin Island, allow Royal Bank to serve
aboriginal communities and establish relationships without the expense of
opening and maintaining a branch that may see little use compared with an urban
location, says Ms. Woodward.

It is a big change from 20 years ago, when it would have been a rarity for any
aboriginal person to receive a bank loan from one of Canada's big banks, says
Daniel Brant, chief executive of The National Aboriginal Capital Corporation
Association.

"You might've had the assets of Donald Trump, and you still couldn't get a bank
loan," says Mr. Brant, whose association represents more than 100 aboriginal
financial pools that received initial federal funding to invest in high-risk
ventures and startups.

Without grassroots relationships, the big banks risk missing out on future
opportunities ranging from real estate development and business loans to
individual money management.

Mr. Manitowabi and the Wikwemikong reserve represent a microcosm of what Royal
Bank is trying to do. The former band chief, who is a trained accountant, has
become one of the bank's biggest boosters. He recently took out a loan and a
line of credit to start his latest business: a used car lot.

During a recent meeting with Mary Lynn Odjig, general manager of the Wikwemikong
Development Commission, Mr. Manitowabi urged her to get in touch with his
contact at the Royal Bank. His reasons are clear. Mr. Manitowabi credits his
relationship with the bank for keeping his 40 employees working and his strip
mall of retail shops in business.

Becoming an agent of the bank "did help us a lot, and I'm sure all the other
businesses in the community," he says.

On some of Canada's nearly 2,900 reserve lands, Canada's biggest banks have
extended loans for projects ranging from from on-reserve mortgages -- tailored
to get around provisions in the Indian Act that prohibit natives from pledging
their land and fixed buildings as collateral to secure a loan -- to the creation
and expansion of businesses to support oilsands development and nickel mining.

On the big projects, the large institutions have tended to stick to the more
conservative ventures, often backed by the federal, provincial and territorial
governments that have historically funded all major development.

Aboriginal banking programs also include scholarships, stay-in-school programs
and other forms of assistance. Royal Bank sponsors the Canadian Executive
Service Organization's national MBA Experience Program, which teams graduate
students with aboriginal leaders to work on economic development projects.
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce sponsors the National Aboriginal Achievement
Awards, a major annual event.

RBC's Ms. Woodward, who is herself Metis, says these initiatives are integral to
relationship building.

"It's beyond corporate citizenship," she says. "It's a smart business decision."

The banks do not break out the results of their aboriginal banking divisions,
and one analyst described them as having "negligible impact" on operations.
Still, Ms. Woodward and Ron Jamieson, senior vice-president of Aboriginal
Markets at the Bank of Montreal, say the returns adequate or the lenders
wouldn't be there.

Members of the aboriginal community must meet the banks' standard lending
criteria, including a demonstrated ability to repay. Government guarantees are
often required.

Increasingly, though, the banks are content with guarantees from band councils.

To qualify as a guarantor, the band has to be in good financial shape, or at
least be on track if there has been trouble in the past, says Mr. Jamieson.

"We don't penalize bands for being or having been in third-party management [by
government, but] we're not in the business of losing money," he says.

"Those who are out of control and don't care that they're out of control, we
don't choose to bank with them."

Among Canada's big lenders, Royal and BMO appear to be most active in building
aboriginal relationships through on-reserve branches and agencies.

Toronto-Dominion is involved in a partnership with the Saskatchewan Indian
Equity Foundation called First Nations Bank of Canada, which began opening
branches in 1997. There are four branches today, including one in Saskatoon and
one in Winnipeg.

Bank of Nova Scotia operates four on-reserve branches located in West Vancouver;
Standoff, Alya.; The Pas, Man.; and Rama, Ont.

Most new bank branches these days are strategically placed in fast-growing urban
locations, but much of aboriginal banking is taking place in small communities
far from the major cities.

BMO serves the tiny Labrador community of Nain, where severe weather routinely
strands residents and visitors for days. More important, Nain is also closely
associated with the nickel development at Voisey's Bay.

Royal Bank has an agency bank in northwestern Ontario town of Webequie, which
has 600 residents and is accessible only by plane. The town is 300 kilometres
north of Pickle Lake, with the nearest major centre being Thunder Bay, far to
the south.

One multi-million project funded by Royal and the federal government this year
was a $5.4-million expansion of a laundry and dry cleaning facility on Alberta's
Whitefish (Goodfish) Lake First Nation, home to about 2,000 people.

The large facility is needed because the reserve is close to the oilsands
development in the Fort McMurray area. The Goodfish Lake Development Corp., the
band's economic development arm, runs a sewing and garment operation and retail
store that also cater to the oil and gas industry, according to Indian and
Northern Affairs Canada.

On their own, the banks are looking to develop business relationships with
individuals by funding mortgages and small business ventures.

One area in which banks are increasingly accepting bands as guarantors is in the
on-reserve mortgage lending business, which like the rest of Canada is riding
the low interest-rate fuelled real estate boom.

BMO, for example, gets around the inability to seize houses by making the band
responsible for finding a replacement family if the mortgage cannot be paid.

Mr. Jamieson says defaults are low because the banks will not extend mortgages
to those without the usual qualifications of a steady incomes and a solid credit
history.

The Royal Bank business loan for Mr. Manitowabi's fledgling used car lot on
Manitoulin Island -- really just a handful of cars bought at a southern Ontario
auction -- was secured without the usual third-party guarantee from either the
federal government or the reserve's band council.

The bank looked favourably on the inventory and accounts receivable of the
family businesses as security, Mr. Manitowabi says.

The bank was also willing to look at the family's track record of running
successful businesses on the reserve for more than 35 years, he says. Mr.
Manitowabi's father, Andrew, now 83, started with a single gas pump and a small
variety store stocked with "anything he could get his hands on" which was run
out of one of the rooms in the family's home in the 1960s.

"My dad had a really tough time getting the business to where it is now," he
says.

Called "Andy's," the expansive retail operation on one of Wikwemikong's main
drags includes a fully-stocked hardware store, supermarket and gas station that
would not look out of place in any mid-sized town near a tourist destination.
The family also has a construction business.

But the Manitowabi family remains an exception on the Wikwemikong reserve.

Ben Kanasawe, a friend of Mr. Manitowabi's, runs a trout farm that ships
thousands of pounds of fish a year to southern Ontario and is now entering its
sixth year of operation. The fish farm continues to rely on government funding
earmarked for native development and farming, says Mr. Kanasawe.

The risky nature of the business and its relatively short life make it
unsuitable for the banks, he says.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Tyler Anderson, National Post; Walter Manitowabi stands at First
Nations Auto Sales on Wikwemikon Native Reserve. He credits his relationship
with the bank for keeping his 40 employees working.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            August 18, 2015 Tuesday

Quedancor failed to collect loans worth P7 billion - CoA

BYLINE: Melissa Luz T. Lopez

SECTION: Pg. S1/5

LENGTH: 245 words


UNCOLLECTED LOANS of the state-run Quedan and Rural Credit Guarantee Corp.
(Quedancor) stood at P7 billion, deepening the agency's losses, the Commission
on Audit (CoA) said.

The company has yet to collect on loans extended to farmers and fishermen, with
the greater part of the total past due for as much as 10 years, state auditors
said.

According to data gathered by the CoA, P6.6 billion or 94% the funds should have
been collected at least five years ago. However, the agency was only able to
recover P105.5 million last year despite a mediation program.

This worsened Quedancor's financial position, with the government credit
facility operating at an eight-year loss of some P11.6 billion.

"The Accounts Receivable account comprises the significant portion of the total
assets, with a net realizable value of P1.731 billion or 51.84 per cent of the
total assets of P3.339 billion (net of all allowances)," auditors said in a
report on the firm's 2014 operations.

"With more than 50% receivables comprising the total assets, collection
efficiency is of utmost importance as it will greatly affect liquidity."

Auditors also pointed out that Quedancor should "revisit existing collection
strategies" to already recover the outstanding loans so as to improve the
agency's financial position.

"Its financial performance needs improvement to meet its obligations which are
already due and demandable and sustain its capability to provide guarantee on
loan programs," the CoA added.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             June 30, 2015 Tuesday

First InnovativeWeek: This 3 day conference will be focused to the financial
instruments, facilities and measures launched under Horizon 2020 to enhance
access to finance for research, innovation and SMEs.

LENGTH: 408  words


EU contribution: EUR 350 000
Objective: The overall aim of the project is a 3 day High level international
conference, which will raise awareness of the potential for the financial
instruments and accompanying measures launched under Horizon 2020 to enhance
access to finance for research, development and innovation. The role of the
preparation of the investment project provided by Innovfin advisory will be
outlined in compliance with the Political guidelin announced by President
Juncker.A special attention will be given to concrete measures supporting
innovative SMEs.

A particular focus will be the possible interactions between Horizon 2020
financial instruments, COSME~s, and European Structural & Investment Funds
(ESIF), as well as with instruments at national and regional level. The event
will bring together policy-makers, financial intermediaries and representatives
of the research, innovation and business communities.The specific objectives of
the conference are:Firstly, help businesses and other types of organisation
engaged in research and innovation (R&I) to better understand how to gain
access, via financial instruments, to loans, guarantees, counter-guarantees and
hybrid, mezzanine, equity finance and non-banking initiatives supporting
R&I.Secondly, exchange views on the implementation of Horizon 2020 financial
instruments (innovfin large, innovfin midcap guarantee, innovfin mid-cap growth
finance, innovfin SME guarantee, and Innovfin SME VC) and accompanying measures
(innovfin advisory). Thirdly, improving the up-take of new Horizon 2020
financial instruments such as the SME Finance Initiative; the launch of a pilot
facility supporting the technology transfer process; and new focuses on major
societal challenges in the field of energy and infectious diseases. Finally, the
European Investment Bank (EIB) and the European Investment Fund (EIF) will
participate in this conference and provide their role, as entrusted entities, in
charge of the implementation of Horizon 2020 financial instruments.
Project completion date : 2015-12-01 12:00:00
Major organization : ATTISTIBAS FINANSU INSTITUCIJA

Address : Doma laukums 4,
Riga, LV-1050th

Country :Latvia
Email : altum@altum.lv

Url : http://www.altum.lv/

Financier : European Union (EU),

Financier address : European Union (EU)
Rue de la Loi 200/Wetstraat 200,
B-1049 Bruxelles/Brussels,
Belgium
Tel: 32-2-2999696, 2993085
Fax: 32-2-2961749
Url: ec.europa.eu/

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                November 9, 2009

USDA Rural Development busy with business loans in Idaho

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 865  words


Demand has been rising for Business and Industry loans backed by U.S. Department
of Agriculture Rural Development.

Idaho in the Sept. 30 fiscal year logged 31 loans compared to 26 in 2008, 15 in
2007 and four in 2006. USDA Rural Development's obligation in Idaho was
$7,785,000 in 2006, $17,402,505 in 2007, $35,821,997 in 2008, and $35,700,339 in
2009.

Daryl Moser, USDA Rural Development director of business programs in Boise, said
Idaho's 2009 volume was considered strong in fiscal 2009 as nationwide Business
and Industry loan volume dropped along with most business lending.

"Access to credit in rural areas is, even in good times, challenging," he said.
A lender could consider a certain service or retail business "riskier in Salmon
than downtown Boise" due to a shortage of not only customers but also of
alternative uses for a vacated building or space, he said.

Crafting a good business plan is vital. "Now, more than ever, they need to have
done their homework," Moser said.

"Loan quality has been good for a number of years" in Idaho, he said.

Idaho reported a delinquency rate of 3 percent or lower on USDA Rural
Development Business and Industry loans recently, compared to about 9.5 percent
nationwide, Moser said. Idaho has a good group of lenders that are experienced
with this type of loan and in many cases are more conservative and in better
shape overall than many of their counterparts across the country, he said.
Nationwide volume was the highest ever in 2008, he said.

Proposals in 2009 were as strong or stronger in 2009 than in years past in Idaho
as lenders focused on the most creditworthy borrowers and the best business
plans. Moser said USDA Rural Development Business and Industrial loans are less
prevalent during high-growth economic periods when lenders are booking more
conventional loans. They are popular now, for the right kinds of deals, and
feature competitive interest rates.

Business and Industry loans increase in number and in total volume, typically,
when credit tightens market-wide, he said. Compared to operating-capital loans
that the U.S. Small Business Administration backs, Rural Development business
loans do not go to many startups and are in rural settings only - though more
borrowers and areas qualify as "rural" than commonly thought, he said.

Some banks are showing interest in offering rural Business and Industry loans
for the first time, and others who already do so are marketing them to a larger
extent, Moser said. The program can be attractive to banks because USDA Rural
Development guarantees 60 percent to 80 percent of the loan based on the loan's
size, and because banks were able to sell the loans into the secondary bond
market - helped by the government backing - even as many other secondary markets
froze.

Loan volume could be the highest ever in fiscal 2010 as pent-up demand plays a
big role, Moser said. More projects were "in the pipeline" for the first month
of the fiscal year than is typical, and it appears banks that had been in
wait-and-see mode for a year "have seen the worst and need to do deals," he
said.

Federal economic-stimulus legislation more than doubled the program's available
funds for the current fiscal year and made some fees and guarantees more
favorable, he said. He expects all of the stimulus funding - which would expire
Sept. 30 unless legislation extends it - to be used. Tapping stimulus money
bodes well for carrying over, to fiscal 2011, regular year-to-year funding, he
said.

USDA Rural Development staff in Idaho can approve a loan of up to $10 million in
the state without going to Washington, D.C., for final approval, Moser said,
noting that most states can approve a loan of $5 million to $7.5 million
themselves. Much of Idaho is rural, and "we have developed some expertise over
the years," he said. "We have a good reputation nationally. "

Local USDA Rural Development staff and the lender work closely with the
applicant in putting loans together. Loan servicing also is done locally, and
this "local touch" enables Rural Development staff to work with the lender and
borrower if the borrower subsequently faces challenges, said Kerrie Hurd, USDA
Rural Development business program specialist in Boise.

Partnerships are vital for the agency's various programs, including loan
guarantees and grants, she said. Partner entities include lenders, economic
development organizations, small business development centers and community
groups.

USDA Rural Development's Intermediary Relending Program directs funds to
intermediaries that in turn provide loans for business facilities and community
development projects in rural areas. Eligible intermediaries include public
entities, nonprofit corporations, tribes and cooperatives.

The Intermediary Relending Program allows promising but not yet "bankable"
businesses to access capital and establish a business credit history, Hurd said.
The business often partners with a bank and the intermediary. The program often
used in businesses with ample fixed assets that can be used as collateral.

Demand for the Intermediary Relending Program has increased, Moser said. "The
intermediaries are limited in their funding, unfortunately," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Olam receives $120m loan to expand food processing operations in Nigeria and
India

SECTION: RETAIL BANKING AND LENDING; Dried Food

LENGTH: 175 words



HIGHLIGHT: World Bank Group member International Finance Corporation (IFC) has
approved a $120m loan to Singapore-based food processor Olam International under
a five-year agreement to finance upgrades and expansion of five food processing
facilities in Nigeria and India.


According to Olam, the project will benefit local communities by creating
employment and new market opportunities for small-scale farmers to sell their
crops.

Olam plans to use the investment to develop its Hemarus sugar milling and Spice
processing facilities in India as well as Crown Flour Mill, Mechanical cashew
processing and Sesame hulling facilities in Nigeria.

The Crown Flour Mill will process imported wheat into flour for domestic bakers.

By 2015, the remaining four facilities will integrate over 45,000 smallholder
farmers from surrounding regions into Olam's supply chains allowing them to
supply their crops directly to the processing units which guarantees a market
for their products.

IFC's agribusiness strategy aims to promote food security, inclusive growth, and
environmental and social sustainability in agricultural supply chains.

IFC works with supply chain integrators to provide small farmers and rural
businesses with access to finance and inputs such as equipment and seeds, advice
and extension services, and access to markets.

LOAD-DATE: September 02, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

W. Va. Banks Approve Ski Resort Rescue

                            June 14, 1979, Thursday

Special to the American Banker

DATELINE: CHARLESTON, W.VA


Several banks in West Virginia have given their tentative approval to a plan
that would allow a private investor to lend $1.3 million to the Snowshoe ski
resort in eastern West Virginia.

Snowshoe, which draws about 120,000 skiers each winter from the Washington,
Baltimore and Pittsburgh metropolitan areas, has been in financial trouble since
it was started in the early 1970s.

The massive complex atop a mountain was intended by its North Carolina
developers to be the major ski area for the Mid-Atlantic region of the nation
and its initial outlay was costly -- costs from which it has never quite
recovered.  Charleston National Bank, with the aid of other banks, packaged a
loan for the project.

But three years ago Snowshoe went into bankruptcy and the Federal court set
forth a plan by which the complex, which includes a lodge, condominiums and
four-season recreation facilities, could get new financial blood.  S. Franklin
Burford, a Elkins, W. Va., coal operator, took over Snowshoe and assumed much of
its debts.

But several successful seasons have not been enough to save the resort and Mr.
Burford has fallen behind on a current $2.5 million loan from Charleston
National.

Meanwhile, Fred Haddad, president of Heck's, Inc., a Charleston-based discount
store chain, and a member of the board of Charleston National, has agreed to put
up $1.3 million of his money for the resort, provided collateral can be
provided.

The problem is that as many as 15 banks hold the existing collateral and,
theoretically, nothing is left to secure Mr. Haddad's loan.  However, state
officials, who are trying to save the resort, say that without Mr. Haddad's
personal loan the facility may not be able to make it.

For one thing, banks are not willing to invest more money in the facility and
the Economic Development Administration is not willing to guarantee any more
loans to Snowshoe.

However, state officials said this week that they were convinced that EDA might
be willing to approve new guarantees if new private investment dollars are
injected -- namely, Mr. Haddad's money.

Gov. John D. Rockefeller 4th has agreed to build a road at state expense to the
resort -- a road that the state earlier refused to build.  Miles Dean, a former
court-appointed trustee for Snowshoe and now state finance commissioner, said he
is trying to find a way to top Federal grants for sewer work by claiming the 250
condominium occupants at Snowshoe as a separate residential community.

Mr. Dean said it would be sad to allow Snowshoe to fold because its problem is
not whether it can eventually make it but if it can survive an immediate need
for cash.  He said the facility took in $12 million last year, but must have
more cash available to stay competitive.  Mr. Dean said he was searching for
other businesses interested in investing private dollars.

Charleston National Bank, the primary lender, would like that too, its officials
have been quoted as saying.

Up until last week, banks had refused to give up any of their collateral so that
Mr. Haddad's $1.3 million proposition could work.  But a meeting was held in
Washington with U.S. Sen. Jennings Randolph, D., W. Va.  At that meeting, Mr.
Randolph's spokesman Phillip McGance said several unnamed banks gave their
tentative approval to a plan that would allow Mr. Haddad to make the loan.  The
deal, Mr. McGance said, would give the private investor the collateral he
desired.

Because of the resort's indebtedness, it has been necessary to get the bank's
approval before Snowshoe can take on any more obligations.  That has happened,
but specifics must be worked out, said Mr, McGance.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 612 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1979 American Banker, Inc.


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                              March 6, 2009 Friday

Bakery owner hopes to tap into SBA loan

BYLINE: By Ryan Carter, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 654 words


WHITTIER - Norma Nielsen was a step away this week from closing her bakery - for
good.

The strain of recession, coupled with an upside down credit market, had her and
husband Terry, considering closing her Churrolandia Bakery and The Funnel Cake
Factory, which had been open since August of 2006.

Instead, starting next week, the bakery will be closed on Mondays. To cut costs,
Nielsen also had to hold back kitchen hours and reduce labor costs. The business
will remain open the rest of the week.

"This is devastating for us to close on Mondays," she said.

But it was a last-ditch effort based on Norma Nielsen's glimmer of hope: Small
Business Administration programs and the economic stimulus package Congress
passed last month.

From the $787-billion stimulus, the SBA is receiving $730 million in federal
funding for SBA credit programs for 2009 and 2010.

That's in addition to President Barack Obama's fiscal year budget projection to
support loan guarantees of $28-billion to small businesses.

Nielsen, who pays $1,500 to $2,000 in utility bills a month, on top of her rent,
was eyeing the SBA's revamped loan guarantees.

Loans don't come directly from the SBA. Rather, they come from banks contracted
with the SBA. The SBA then backs those loans - traditionally up to about 75
percent.

But with new federal funds, the SBA is backing up to 90 percent of some of its
basic loans.

And one program in the works will provide 100 percent guarantees on loans for
viable businesses having an immediate economic hardship. The program would
provide up $35,000 to cover up to six months worth of payments to the underlying
loan. The business would not have to start repaying the loan until one year
after the final disbursement, according the SBA.

"Definitely, that's what I might take advantage of," Nielsen said. "That's what
I'm in the process of doing."

That's what SBA officials want to hear.

The idea is to get businesses buying and banks lending again - two forces that
have been on the decline as the economy contracts, said SBA District Director
Alberto G. Alvarado.

"We've seen a real precipitous decline in our lending over the years," he said.
"We've seen a decline of 70 percent ... over two years."

There's a buzz over the new lending, he said, but he acknowledged that he's
heard some banks are talking about holding out.

"That concerns us," he said.

Stimulus funds will be used on a variety of programs. They include:

Allotting $50 billion to the SBA's program for micro-loans, which allow the SBA
to make loans to local nonprofit, community based lenders such economic
development corporations. Among the lending programs is one that allows loans to
businesses up to $35,000.

Reducing loan fees in the SBA's 7(a) and 5(a) loan programs. 7(a) programs are
the SBA's most basic business loans.

Waiving or reducing fees in certain loan programs while lowering loan costs
borrowers and lenders.

Bolstering funds for investment organizations.

Temporarily increasing the SBA guarantee limit on surety bonds to up to $10
million, from $2 million. The idea is to help construction companies acquire
necessary onds for contracts, Alvarado said.

"I think they are viable programs," said Jack Kyser, founding economist at the
Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp. "In this economy, any little bit
is going to help. You have a lot of small business owners who are holding on by
a finger nail."

The question is, whether banks will help them hold on.

So far, as bailout money is approved, banks have insisted they are lending to
credit worthy borrowers, even as legislators and economists say those that have
received funds are holding on to the money.

Kyser said many banks are still heavy into SBA lending.

Nielsen doesn't have much time to wait. If lending doesn't come, the smell of
wafting fresh bread will be a thing of the past.

"I'll probably have to put it up for sale," she said of her business.

ryan.carter@sgvn.com

(626) 962-8811, Ext. 2720

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 10, 2014

Fall trainings for Rural Energy Efficiency/Renewable Energy Program scheduled
across the state

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 358  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced starting this week
USDA Rural Development will host free trainings on obtaining loan guarantees and
grants for renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects.

In making the announcement, Brunner said, "These workshops are being held to
make sure that ag producers and the rural small business owner knows how to
become successful in obtaining this financial support, which will ultimately
make their businesses more energy efficient and more competitive."

The Rural Energy for America Program (REAP), provides financial support in the
form of grants and loan guarantees (match required) to eligible applicants for
energy efficiency improvements and renewable energy systems. REAP only provides
funding for business and ag-producers and is not for home use. Eligible
applicants include agricultural producers (farmers and ranchers) and rural small
businesses.

Renewable energy systems include biofuels, wind, solar, geothermal,
hydrogen-based projects and anaerobic digesters.

Energy efficiency projects include but are not limited to changing out
inefficient pumps, insulation, roofing, lighting, heating and cooling systems,
etc. for more efficient ones.

Twelve workshops that will be held across the state of New Mexico beginning this
week on October 7th. The workshops will give a detailed overview of the energy
and energy efficiency programs and how to apply for them. If you would like to
attend one of these workshops and because space is limited please make your RSVP
to Ms. Kim Giang-Umezu by e-mailing her at: kim.giang@nm.usda.gov or by calling
her directly at 505-761-4957.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
-strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Small Town Life

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Hidalgo County Herald


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Area Loan Specialist NY-2014-4259

LENGTH: 2963  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Area Loan Specialist

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:NY-2014-4259
SALARY RANGE:
 $47,923.00 to $62,297.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, April 02, 2014 to Friday, April 11, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
09
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Batavia, NY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:


Applications will be accepted from current and former competitive service
Federal employees, people eligible under special hiring authorities, and CTAP
and ICTAP eligibles in the commuting area.
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

Rural Development is committed to helping improve the economy and quality of
life in all of rural America by providing financial programs to support
essential public facilities and services such as water and sewer systems,
housing, health clinics, emergency service facilities and electric and telephone
service. Rural Development promotes economic development by providing loans to
businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools, while also
assisting communities to participate in community empowerment programs. Join the
Rural Development team and make a commitment to America's rural communities.

This position is being concurrently announced under Delegated Examining
Procedures on announcement number DEU-NY-4568 open to any US Citizen. Current
and former Federal employees may apply to both announcements, but should be sure
to apply to this announcement NY-2014-4159 to maximize opportunities for
consideration since different referral criteria apply to each announcement type.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional Travel is Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service.
    U.S. Citizen
    Background investigation required
    Successful completion of a one year probationary period
    Relocation and travel expenses will not be paid.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Assists the Area Director in administering, processing, and servicing loans and
grants under the direct Single Family program and/or administers loan guarantees
under the Single Family Housing Guaranteed loan program.
    Analyzes, approves, and processes home-ownership loans, home improvement and
repair loans and grants, mutual self-help technical assistance grants, and
housing site loans with primary emphasis on loan making and the more complex
servicing needs of the geographical area served.
    Reviews applications for program loan and grants; evaluates financial
situations and credit risk factors; and approves or disapproves housing loans
and grants.
    Assists Area Director, and Area Specialists in processing and servicing
Community Program loans, grants and Loan guarantees.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards Operating
Manual applies.  A copy is available at
http://www.OPM.gov/qualifications/index.asp .  SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE is any
experience that is directly related to the position to be filled and which has
equipped the candidate with the particular competencies to successfully perform
the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of
the position to be filled.

To be creditable, specialized experience must have been equivalent to at least
the next lower grade level by the closing date of the announcement.

For GS-09: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-07; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: performing
loan making and/or loan servicing duties such as regularly examining loan
applications, supporting documents, credit reports, and maintaining servicing
activities of somewhat complex loans and/or grants; assisting higher level loan
specialists by performing assigned portions of financial credit analysis in
connection with more complex loans as a way of acquiring training and competency
for more difficult loan examining and servicing assignments.  Including
reviewing and passing upon applications for agricultural, municipal and
non-profit organizations, bank or mortgage loans; servicing a loan portfolio of
a bank or other loan association; performing financial analysis of commercial
concerns for investment purposes; and appraising real estate to determine
property valuation or similar work.


or masters, or equivalent graduate degree, or 2 full years of progressively
higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.B. or J.D., if
related OR a combination of education as described and specialized experience.

o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
    Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or grant
making requirements.
    Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs Servicing
requirements
    Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
    Oral Communication
    Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.

Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=58244a1f-ea74-
49b9-8dd0-a2f9007b0872

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/ .

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This is a bargaining unit designated position.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis. Please contact us if you require this for
any part of the application and hiring process.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not already have one) at
www.usajobs.gov. It is recommended that as part of your profile you set up
automatic email notifications to be informed when the status of your application
changes. If you choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will
have to log into your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your
application.

Step 2: Create a Resume with USAJOBS or upload a Resume into your USAJOBS
account. You may want to customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and
accomplishments you have gained that are directly related to this position in
order to verify that qualifications are met. In addition, your resume must
support your responses to the online questionnaire (you may preview the online
questionnaire by clicking on the link at the end of the How You Will Be
Evaluated section of the job announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.

You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Simply log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status."
Click on the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

You must submit a complete Application Package, prior to 11:59, ET, on the
closing date of this announcement.  The following documents must be submitted
for your application package to be considered complete.  It is your
responsibility to be sure all required documents are received within the
required timeframes.  Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible
software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in mail service, system failure or
downtime, etc.  Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss
of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) job information for which you
are applying; 2) personal information; 3) education; 4) work experience
including the work schedule and hours worked per week as well as dates of
employment; and title, series and grade if applicable; 5) supervisors phone
number and email address for each work period listed and whether or not we may
contact them for reference checks; and 6) other qualifications.

College Transcripts if education is required for meeting the basic
qualifications and/or you are substituting education for specialized experience.
An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application; however, if selected, an
official college transcript will be required prior to entering on duty.
Transcripts are not required if applying to the same series and specialty
currently serving or previously served in.

Other Required Documents may include:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional Eligibles: MUST submit a copy of your
most recent non-award Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent)
showing that you are/were in the competitive service, as well as the highest
grade (or promotion potential) held, on a permanent basis, your federal status,
position title, series and grade AND the most recently completed annual
performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) which identifies the employee's
official rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement advising why
the performance appraisal is not available. Do not submit a performance plan.
    VEOA Eligibles: MUST submit Veterans Preference documentation, for
consideration: DD-214 (Member 4 Copy) if claiming Veteran's Preference.
Veterans claiming 10 point preference must also submit an SF-15 Application for
10-point Veteran Preference.  Veterans who have not yet been released from
active duty must provide certification from armed forces that they will be
released from active duty under honorable conditions within 120 days. Veterans'
preference will not be afforded if you fail to submit required documentation
prior to the closing date of this announcement.
    Interchange Agreement with the Other Merit Systems Eligibles: MUST submit
documentation of eligibility as listed in each individual interchange agreement.

    VRA or 30% Disabled Veteran Eligibles: MUST submit a copy of your DD214, VA
letter, SF-15 if claiming 10 pt. preference OR if you currently on active duty;
a certification of expected discharge or release from active duty under
honorable conditions dates within the last 120 days.
    Peace Corps Volunteers/Personal Eligibles: MUST submit documentation of no
less than 36 months of continuous service without a break in service of 3 days
or more and separated within the last 3 years.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities Appointment Eligibles: MUST submit a
copy of your Sch A letter from a physician, local, state or federal
rehabilitation office citing your eligibility under 5 CFR 213.3102 (u).
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management Eligibles: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service
Commission Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), MUST submit a copy of your current
Notification of Personnel Action (or equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.

    CTAP/ICTAP Required Documentation Reduction-In-Force: RIF Separation Notice;
AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation
or the position you will be separated from.

NOTE: If a document is resubmitted, it replaces the previous submission, which
means the previous document is no longer available to the Human Resources
Office. If you are adding to, rather than replacing a previous submission, you
must upload both the old document and the new document. Please verify that the
documents you are uploading from USAJOBS transfer into the Agency's staffing
system as there is a limitation to the number of documents that can be
transferred.  However, once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents.  Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Kristen Lombardo
Phone: 315-477-6439
Fax: 315-477-6440
Email: kristen.lombardo@usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA-Rural Development
441 S. Salina St., Ste. 357
Syracuse, NY,
13202
United States
Fax: 315-477-6440
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             May 5, 1993 Wednesday

BYLINE: Janell Cole

LENGTH: 548 words


Construction may begin this year on a ""retirement and assisted living
community'' in Bismarck, which developers say would bring a new housing choice
here for affluent senior citizens. The complex, which may be built in the
Brandon Heights Addition, would have 59 assisted living apartments and 18
independent-living ""cottages'' in its first stage. Eventually it would be a
140-unit community, developers say.

Two local men, Bismarck engineer Niles Hushka and property manager-financial
analyst Rod Breene, are working with a Vancouver, Wash., company, Wedgewood
Retirement Inns, which has similar projects in Washington, Oregon, California
and New Mexico. Hushka said the Brandon Heights site at Brandon and Montreal on
Bismarck's far north side is the company's first choice, but that other sites
are also under consideration for the complex. The company already owns the land,
he said. Hushka said that if a Farmers Home Administration loan guarantee is
approved through Bismarck National Bank in the next month, construction would
begin this year. If the loan guarantee takes longer, construction will not begin
until next spring, he said. The Wedgewood complex would allow residents to be as
self-sufficient as they wish, while still getting all the personal assistance
they need, its developers say. Around-the-clock security, meals served by
waiters and waitresses in a central dining room, housekeeping services,
transportation and activities will be among the services available to residents.
The staff is responsible for all maintenance, and utilities are included in the
monthly rent. The assisted living area will offer help with medications, bathing
and dressing, with the staff able to arrange transportation for medical
appointments. Care is offered on three different levels, depending on need, with
workers available at the complex 24 hours a day. People who move into the
cottages have the right to move later into the assisted living apartments as
they age or if health problems develop, Hushka said. He cautioned however, that
the complex does not offer skilled nursing care and someone who needed that
level of care would have to move to a nursing home. There will be six different
types of assisted living apartments, with the smallest being efficiencies
beginning at about $900 per month. The largest would be two-bedroom units. The
cottages are two-bedroom, two-bathroom homes with attached garage. All of the
units, whether they are cottages or apartments, will have kitchens, he said.
Hushka said he and Breene visited about 20 complexes of this type, the nearest
one at 375-unit complex in Billings, Mont. The nearest complex developed by
Wedgewood is being built in Sheridan, Wyo., he said. Hushka said he and Breene
selected Wedgewood as an associate because they have a good reputation. ""This
facility is built to make people feel good about life and everything,'' Hushka
said. ""The atmosphere is grand.'' To help local people compare the Wedgewood
complex to existing Bismarck facilities, Hushka said the local Baptist Home
apartments are similar to the Wedgewood cottages idea, while the assisted living
apartment will offer many more services.

CUTLINE This is a sketch of the independent-living "cottages.' There will also
be assisted living apartments.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Global Capital Euroweek

                               February 12, 2010

Asia Pacific Syndicated Loans - news in brief, February 12, 2010

LENGTH: 560 words


EAST ASIA

Card signs Ps75m microfinance loan

The Philippines' Card Bank has signed a Ps75m ($1.5m) microfinance loan through
Standard Chartered.

The facility is supported by a $500m guarantee from Women's World Banking, the
largest global networking of leading multilateral funding institutions and banks
dedicated to women's empowerment. The facility will be used to bolster Card
Bank's portfolio and branch expansion plans for this year.

Card Bank focuses on providing banking services for landless rural workers and
offering non-collateralised loans.



Chinese Estates hits market with HK$3.6bn loan

Chinese Estates Finance is in the market with a HK$3.6bn ($463m) three year loan
through bookrunners Bank of Communications, Citi, DBS, Industrial &#38;
Commercial Bank of China and OCBC.

The facility carries a margin of 66bp over Hibor.

Mandated lead arrangers can take a HK$300m ticket or more for a fee of 46.5bp;
arrangers can lend HK$200m-HK$299m for a fee of 40.5bp and participants can
pledge HK$100m-HK$199m for a 35bp fee.

The loan will refinance a HK$2bn five year facility maturing in April 2010.



China Overseas Land signs HK$8bn revolver

China Overseas Land &#38; Investment signed its HK$8bn ($1.03bn) revolver last
Friday.

Bank of China took a HK$1.5bn ticket; HSBC pledged HK$1.2bn; Bank of
Communications and Industrial &#38; Commercial Bank of China pledged HK$1bn
each; Agricultural Bank of China, Bank of East Asia, China Merchants Securities
and DBS took HK$700m each and China Construction Bank lent HK$500m.

The proceeds for the property development red chip company are for general
corporate purposes.



Haikou Meilan seeks Rmb1bn via Morgan Stanley

Haikou Meilan International Airport is in the market with a Rmb1bn three year
loan via sole bookrunner Morgan Stanley.

The proceeds for the owner of Hainan Meilan International Airport Company will
be used for debt repayment purposes.



Goldex signs $47m loan

Circuit company Goldex Holding completed its $47m four year loan last week
through bookrunners E.Sun Commercial Bank, Fubon Financial Holding and Taishin
Financial.

Each of the three lead banks took a $8m ticket, Bank Sinopac and Chang Hwa
Commercial Bank each committed $6m; Hua Nan Commercial Bank and Land Bank of
Taiwan pledged $4m and Shanghai Commercial &#38; Savings Bank lent $3m.

The proceeds are for refinancing purposes and working capital.



Taiwan's Lextar completes NT$8bn five year facility

LED manufacturing company Lextar Electronics Corp signed its NT$8bn ($249.7m)
five year loan last week.

Bank of Taiwan took a NT$1.2bn ticket; First Commercial Bank and Land Bank of
Taiwan each lent NT$1.05bn; Cathay United Bank, Chang Hwa Commercial Bank, Hua
Nan Commercial Bank, Taipei Fubon Bank and Mega Commercial Bank took NT$800m
apiece; Taishin Financial lent NT$300m and Export Import Bank of China and
Yuanta Commercial pledged NT$200m each.

The proceeds are to build a new factory, purchase machinery and equipment
purposes.





SOUTH INDIA

Air India signs $1.1bn trade finance facility

Air India has secured a $1.1bn structured trade finance through JPMorgan with a
guarantee from Export Import Bank of the US.

The loan was arranged by Standard Chartered and ABN Amro.

The financing will be used to buy 11 Boeing aircrafts and is the third time that
the Indian aircraft carrier has used export credit agencies' approval to
purchase planes since 2007.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW_Asia


              Copyright 2010 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 16, 1998

Government to unlock credit union shackles

BYLINE: Jill Treanor

SECTION: The Guardian City Page; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 302 words


THE Government today unveils plans making it easier to set up and join credit
unions.  The proposals form the backbone of the Government's aim to tackle
"social exclusion" and help provide banking facilities for the 3.5 million
people who do not have bank accounts.

The move coincides with a call from the Joseph Rowntree Foundation for tax
credits to be introduced as an incentive for banks and other financial
institutions to get involved in such areas.

Under rules, introduced by the last Labour government in 1979, credit unions can
accept no more than 5,000 members and people are only able to join one credit
union, either at work or in the area in which they live.  The Government wants
to remove these restrictions.

There are 600 credit unions dotted around the country, with only 200,000
members. They provide basic saving and loans facilities and are less
sophisicated than building societies, which now offer a wide range of financial
products, including mortgages and current accounts.

Patricia Hewitt, Economic Secretary to the Treasury, has already urged banks and
building societies to follow their American equivalents by tailoring their
products to the needs of people deprived of banking facilities.

She is endorsing the Joseph Rowntree Foundation report, which argues that "small
is backable". Written by the New Economics Foundation think-tank, the report
highlights five models which provide finance to half a million people:

credit unions;

community loan funds, which provide start-up capital for community regeneration:

micro-finance funds, offering small loans to local entrepreneurs;

mutual guarantee societies, formal associations of small and medium-size
enterprises;

social banks which are dedicated to social or environmental objectives.


LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 16, 1998

Government to unlock credit union shackles

BYLINE: JILL TREANOR

SECTION: The Guardian City Page; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 302 words


THE Government today unveils plans making it easier to set up and join credit
unions.  The proposals form the backbone of the Government's aim to tackle
"social exclusion" and help provide banking facilities for the 3.5 million
people who do not have bank accounts.

The move coincides with a call from the Joseph Rowntree Foundation for tax
credits to be introduced as an incentive for banks and other financial
institutions to get involved in such areas.

Under rules, introduced by the last Labour government in 1979, credit unions can
accept no more than 5,000 members and people are only able to join one credit
union, either at work or in the area in which they live.  The Government wants
to remove these restrictions.

There are 600 credit unions dotted around the country, with only 200,000
members. They provide basic saving and loans facilities and are less
sophisicated than building societies, which now offer a wide range of financial
products, including mortgages and current accounts.

Patricia Hewitt, Economic Secretary to the Treasury, has already urged banks and
building societies to follow their American equivalents by tailoring their
products to the needs of people deprived of banking facilities.

She is endorsing the Joseph Rowntree Foundation report, which argues that "small
is backable". Written by the New Economics Foundation think-tank, the report
highlights five models which provide finance to half a million people:

credit unions;

community loan funds, which provide start-up capital for community regeneration:

micro-finance funds, offering small loans to local entrepreneurs;

mutual guarantee societies, formal associations of small and medium-size
enterprises;

social banks which are dedicated to social or environmental objectives.


LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 28, 2014 Friday

Commissioners OK airport loan

BYLINE: Kathy Mellott, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 357 words


Feb. 28--EBENSBURG -- In a unanimous vote Thursday, the Cambria County
commissioners approved an ordinance opening the door to guarantee a short-term
loan needed by the Johnstown-Cambria County Airport Authority.

The loan is necessary to pay for completion of a $1.3 million project in which
underground fuel tanks are being replaced by two above-ground tanks,
Commissioner Mark Wissinger said.

The commitment guarantees the county will repay the loan should the authority
not be able to do so. That concern does not exist, county officials said.

"The authority is actually going out and bridging the funds that will come in,"
President Commissioner Douglas Lengenfelder said.

The loan is coming from a local bank, but repayment will be from a variety of
funding sources including money from the Pennsylvania Infrastructure Bank,
county Solicitor Thomas Leiden said.

PIB is a division of PennDOT that helps to fund transit projects such as the
tank farm. The funding is on a reimbursement basis, meaning the work must be
done and contractors paid before the state forwards money.

The 10,000-gallon tanks at the fuel farm will include one for jet fuel, required
for military aircraft, and a second for aviation fuel, county officials said.

The ordinance was necessary  before the commitment can be submitted to the state
Department of Community and Economic Development, Leiden said.

Airport authority Chairman Richard Weaver said the project should be completed
by late April and will alleviate concern that the more than 40-year-old
underground tanks could leak and cause environmental problems.

The loan should be repaid by the authority by year's end and will not have an
adverse impact on the county's overall borrowing power, Leiden said.

The county has made similar guarantees for a number of authorities, including
the Cambria Somerset Authority, he said.

Kathy Mellott covers the Cambria County Courthouse for The Tribune-Democrat.
Follow her on Twitter at twitter.com/kathymellotttd.

___ (c)2014 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140228-JO-Commissioners-OK-airport-loan-0228-20140228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2014 The Tribune-Democrat


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             March 25, 2012 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

First, learn how to speak to a banker;
Translating ideas into the language of lenders is the key to funding, says
Catherine Wheatley

BYLINE: Catherine Wheatley

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 921 words


After they were refused a bank loan two years ago, the founders of cult
jewellery label Tatty Devine were determined never to be knocked back again.

Rosie Wolfenden, 34, and Harriet Vine, 35, needed £10,000 for a laser cutter to
make customised Perspex bracelets and necklaces at their new pop-up shop in
Selfridges, the London department store. They wanted a similar sum for market
research to help them build on recent strong growth.

So the pair asked East London Small Business Centre, a nonprofit support agency,
to help them prepare a convincing case for bank finance.

"Last time, we asked the bank for help with our cashflow, which doesn't sound
very good, even though we needed it because the business was growing," said
Wolfenden. "This time we focused on the positive and we were very specific about
what we wanted the money for.

"We were challenged to know our business and what we needed the money for at
every step. For lots of businesses, help like that is fundamental."

Their preparation paid off. Last month Lloyds TSB lent them £25,000, Selfridges
has invited them to take a permanent concession and turnover recently hit £1m
for the first time since their launch in 1999.

Small companies such as Tatty Devine can now apply for bank finance at a one
percentage point discount to standard interest rates under the National Loan
Guarantee Scheme unveiled by the chancellor last week. But there are doubts over
whether cheaper money will lead to more or bigger loans.

"Lower rates are not the same thing as easier credit access," said Jonathan
Girling, operations director of the East London Small Business Centre. "Very few
businesses decide not to borrow because the cost is a bit high."

As Wolfenden and Vine discovered, what small firms really need is help with
translating their ideas into a language the banks are prepared to understand.
The Business Link website offers some ideas, while National Enterprise Network
members can give face-toface advice. "You can't just walk into a bank and ask
for £25,000. You have to be able to explain exactly why you want it because
banks simply can't afford to take on bad loans," said Girling.

Entrepreneurs have lost so much confidence in the economy and the banking system
that many have put their requests for finance on hold, according to Adam
Marshall of the British Chambers of Commerce. Only 7% of small businesses
applied for overdraft facilities in 2011, down from 13% in the 12 months to
spring 2011, research by the British Bankers' Association (BBA) has shown. Just
3% asked for a loan.

"We welcome cheaper money, but it cannot address discouraged demand," said
Marshall. "Some companies are so put off by the bank application process they
are no longer coming forward."

Business customers of HSBC - which will not take part in the National Loan
Guarantee Scheme, saying it funds its lending from customers' deposits and
therefore does not rely on the wholesale markets - face additional confusion.

What both start-ups and established smaller companies need is better access to a
wider range of non-bank finance. Enterprise organisations were united in
welcoming the report by Tim Breedon, Legal & General chief executive, on
alternative sources of finance for small businesses, published before the
budget.

Breedon identified 11 measures to make up a credit gap that could reach £191
billion within five years. His suggestions included an agency to aggregate small
business loans, and measures to stimulate a market for private placements of
mid-sized company debt. Some simple steps could also help. For example, the BBA
and the Community Development Finance Association are working on a system to
refer unsuccessful loan applicants to their local finance institutions.

"Firms need clarity about what banks want, and if they do not fit the bill they
need other suggestions such as peer-to-peer lending or community development
finance," said Mike Cherry of the Federation of Small Businesses.

On the payment side of the company balance sheet, it is 12 months since the
government unveiled measures to help small businesses compete for public sector
contracts and get paid on time.

Simplifying the tendering process, and encouraging firms to report bureaucratic
or unfair qualifying conditions, has gone some way towards achieving an
"aspirational target" that a quarter of government contracts should be awarded
to small business.

Project Bank Accounts, a government payment system that settles bills with
contractors and their small suppliers at the same time, is now being extended.

By the end of the financial year, the amount of central government business
going to small firms will have doubled from 6.5% to 13.7%, according to the
Cabinet Office.

Since its launch, the "mystery shopper" feedback service has resolved 111 cases
where tender documents put small companies at an unfair disadvantage. In the
three months to February it recommended changes to paperwork from 35 local
councils, health authorities and police forces.

Matthew Trimming - of management consultancy Maxxim, the first small company to
win a contract with the Cabinet Office under the new procurement rules - said
the process was simpler and quicker, but added that "removing years of
procurement behaviour that favours big brands is not going to be quick".

So whether applying for bank finance or bidding for new business, could
simplification and support kick-start fresh growth for smaller companies?
Jonathan Girling thinks so. "Small business needs clarity - around finance and
the supply chain."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Positive thinkers: Harriet Vine, left, and Rosie Wolfenden at their
Brick Lane shop
VICKI COUCHMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STSscot


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             March 25, 2012 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

First, learn how to speak to a banker;
Translating ideas into the language of lenders is the key to funding, says
Catherine Wheatley

BYLINE: Catherine Wheatley

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 921 words


After they were refused a bank loan two years ago, the founders of cult
jewellery label Tatty Devine were determined never to be knocked back again.

Rosie Wolfenden, 34, and Harriet Vine, 35, needed £10,000 for a laser cutter to
make customised Perspex bracelets and necklaces at their new pop-up shop in
Selfridges, the London department store. They wanted a similar sum for market
research to help them build on recent strong growth.

So the pair asked East London Small Business Centre, a nonprofit support agency,
to help them prepare a convincing case for bank finance.

"Last time, we asked the bank for help with our cashflow, which doesn't sound
very good, even though we needed it because the business was growing," said
Wolfenden. "This time we focused on the positive and we were very specific about
what we wanted the money for.

"We were challenged to know our business and what we needed the money for at
every step. For lots of businesses, help like that is fundamental."

Their preparation paid off. Last month Lloyds TSB lent them £25,000, Selfridges
has invited them to take a permanent concession and turnover recently hit £1m
for the first time since their launch in 1999.

Small companies such as Tatty Devine can now apply for bank finance at a one
percentage point discount to standard interest rates under the National Loan
Guarantee Scheme unveiled by the chancellor last week. But there are doubts over
whether cheaper money will lead to more or bigger loans.

"Lower rates are not the same thing as easier credit access," said Jonathan
Girling, operations director of the East London Small Business Centre. "Very few
businesses decide not to borrow because the cost is a bit high."

As Wolfenden and Vine discovered, what small firms really need is help with
translating their ideas into a language the banks are prepared to understand.
The Business Link website offers some ideas, while National Enterprise Network
members can give face-toface advice. "You can't just walk into a bank and ask
for £25,000. You have to be able to explain exactly why you want it because
banks simply can't afford to take on bad loans," said Girling.

Entrepreneurs have lost so much confidence in the economy and the banking system
that many have put their requests for finance on hold, according to Adam
Marshall of the British Chambers of Commerce. Only 7% of small businesses
applied for overdraft facilities in 2011, down from 13% in the 12 months to
spring 2011, research by the British Bankers' Association (BBA) has shown. Just
3% asked for a loan.

"We welcome cheaper money, but it cannot address discouraged demand," said
Marshall. "Some companies are so put off by the bank application process they
are no longer coming forward."

Business customers of HSBC - which will not take part in the National Loan
Guarantee Scheme, saying it funds its lending from customers' deposits and
therefore does not rely on the wholesale markets - face additional confusion.

What both start-ups and established smaller companies need is better access to a
wider range of non-bank finance. Enterprise organisations were united in
welcoming the report by Tim Breedon, Legal & General chief executive, on
alternative sources of finance for small businesses, published before the
budget.

Breedon identified 11 measures to make up a credit gap that could reach £191
billion within five years. His suggestions included an agency to aggregate small
business loans, and measures to stimulate a market for private placements of
mid-sized company debt. Some simple steps could also help. For example, the BBA
and the Community Development Finance Association are working on a system to
refer unsuccessful loan applicants to their local finance institutions.

"Firms need clarity about what banks want, and if they do not fit the bill they
need other suggestions such as peer-to-peer lending or community development
finance," said Mike Cherry of the Federation of Small Businesses.

On the payment side of the company balance sheet, it is 12 months since the
government unveiled measures to help small businesses compete for public sector
contracts and get paid on time.

Simplifying the tendering process, and encouraging firms to report bureaucratic
or unfair qualifying conditions, has gone some way towards achieving an
"aspirational target" that a quarter of government contracts should be awarded
to small business.

Project Bank Accounts, a government payment system that settles bills with
contractors and their small suppliers at the same time, is now being extended.

By the end of the financial year, the amount of central government business
going to small firms will have doubled from 6.5% to 13.7%, according to the
Cabinet Office.

Since its launch, the "mystery shopper" feedback service has resolved 111 cases
where tender documents put small companies at an unfair disadvantage. In the
three months to February it recommended changes to paperwork from 35 local
councils, health authorities and police forces.

Matthew Trimming - of management consultancy Maxxim, the first small company to
win a contract with the Cabinet Office under the new procurement rules - said
the process was simpler and quicker, but added that "removing years of
procurement behaviour that favours big brands is not going to be quick".

So whether applying for bank finance or bidding for new business, could
simplification and support kick-start fresh growth for smaller companies?
Jonathan Girling thinks so. "Small business needs clarity - around finance and
the supply chain."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Positive thinkers: Harriet Vine, left, and Rosie Wolfenden at their
Brick Lane shop
VICKI COUCHMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             March 25, 2012 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

First, learn how to speak to a banker;
Translating ideas into the language of lenders is the key to funding, says
Catherine Wheatley

BYLINE: Catherine Wheatley

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 921 words


After they were refused a bank loan two years ago, the founders of cult
jewellery label Tatty Devine were determined never to be knocked back again.

Rosie Wolfenden, 34, and Harriet Vine, 35, needed £10,000 for a laser cutter to
make customised Perspex bracelets and necklaces at their new pop-up shop in
Selfridges, the London department store. They wanted a similar sum for market
research to help them build on recent strong growth.

So the pair asked East London Small Business Centre, a nonprofit support agency,
to help them prepare a convincing case for bank finance.

"Last time, we asked the bank for help with our cashflow, which doesn't sound
very good, even though we needed it because the business was growing," said
Wolfenden. "This time we focused on the positive and we were very specific about
what we wanted the money for.

"We were challenged to know our business and what we needed the money for at
every step. For lots of businesses, help like that is fundamental."

Their preparation paid off. Last month Lloyds TSB lent them £25,000, Selfridges
has invited them to take a permanent concession and turnover recently hit £1m
for the first time since their launch in 1999.

Small companies such as Tatty Devine can now apply for bank finance at a one
percentage point discount to standard interest rates under the National Loan
Guarantee Scheme unveiled by the chancellor last week. But there are doubts over
whether cheaper money will lead to more or bigger loans.

"Lower rates are not the same thing as easier credit access," said Jonathan
Girling, operations director of the East London Small Business Centre. "Very few
businesses decide not to borrow because the cost is a bit high."

As Wolfenden and Vine discovered, what small firms really need is help with
translating their ideas into a language the banks are prepared to understand.
The Business Link website offers some ideas, while National Enterprise Network
members can give face-toface advice. "You can't just walk into a bank and ask
for £25,000. You have to be able to explain exactly why you want it because
banks simply can't afford to take on bad loans," said Girling.

Entrepreneurs have lost so much confidence in the economy and the banking system
that many have put their requests for finance on hold, according to Adam
Marshall of the British Chambers of Commerce. Only 7% of small businesses
applied for overdraft facilities in 2011, down from 13% in the 12 months to
spring 2011, research by the British Bankers' Association (BBA) has shown. Just
3% asked for a loan.

"We welcome cheaper money, but it cannot address discouraged demand," said
Marshall. "Some companies are so put off by the bank application process they
are no longer coming forward."

Business customers of HSBC - which will not take part in the National Loan
Guarantee Scheme, saying it funds its lending from customers' deposits and
therefore does not rely on the wholesale markets - face additional confusion.

What both start-ups and established smaller companies need is better access to a
wider range of non-bank finance. Enterprise organisations were united in
welcoming the report by Tim Breedon, Legal & General chief executive, on
alternative sources of finance for small businesses, published before the
budget.

Breedon identified 11 measures to make up a credit gap that could reach £191
billion within five years. His suggestions included an agency to aggregate small
business loans, and measures to stimulate a market for private placements of
mid-sized company debt. Some simple steps could also help. For example, the BBA
and the Community Development Finance Association are working on a system to
refer unsuccessful loan applicants to their local finance institutions.

"Firms need clarity about what banks want, and if they do not fit the bill they
need other suggestions such as peer-to-peer lending or community development
finance," said Mike Cherry of the Federation of Small Businesses.

On the payment side of the company balance sheet, it is 12 months since the
government unveiled measures to help small businesses compete for public sector
contracts and get paid on time.

Simplifying the tendering process, and encouraging firms to report bureaucratic
or unfair qualifying conditions, has gone some way towards achieving an
"aspirational target" that a quarter of government contracts should be awarded
to small business.

Project Bank Accounts, a government payment system that settles bills with
contractors and their small suppliers at the same time, is now being extended.

By the end of the financial year, the amount of central government business
going to small firms will have doubled from 6.5% to 13.7%, according to the
Cabinet Office.

Since its launch, the "mystery shopper" feedback service has resolved 111 cases
where tender documents put small companies at an unfair disadvantage. In the
three months to February it recommended changes to paperwork from 35 local
councils, health authorities and police forces.

Matthew Trimming - of management consultancy Maxxim, the first small company to
win a contract with the Cabinet Office under the new procurement rules - said
the process was simpler and quicker, but added that "removing years of
procurement behaviour that favours big brands is not going to be quick".

So whether applying for bank finance or bidding for new business, could
simplification and support kick-start fresh growth for smaller companies?
Jonathan Girling thinks so. "Small business needs clarity - around finance and
the supply chain."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Positive thinkers: Harriet Vine, left, and Rosie Wolfenden at their
Brick Lane shop
VICKI COUCHMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. John's Telegram (Newfoundland)

                             March 4, 2006 Saturday

It may be a sign of things to come

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 619  words


Wanted: an operator for a multi-species fish plant in New Ferolle. This plant
has primarily processed groundfish and pelagics, but has also done some
processing of lobster and snow crab. Operator will hold the entire future of a
rural Newfoundland community in their hands, and will also be in the perfect
position to negotiate a sweetheart deal with the province.

Sorry - that sounds harsh, but it's just the way things are. When it comes to
supply and demand dictating price, the provincial government seriously needs an
operator for the Northern Peninsula plant, and the market will dictate just how
bad that need is. The province started the search for that operator on Friday.

Maybe the fishing industry in this province doesn't need a barometer, because
the jumbo low-pressure system it is facing is well-known and well-documented.
But it will be very interesting to see what kind of terms a new operator will
get to operate the New Ferolle fish plant, a plant that's currently owned by the
provincial government.

Chances are, if an operator is found, the terms of the lease involved will not
be made public. In all likelihood, that information will be considered a
commercial secret, one that neither the province nor the operator would want
discussed in a public forum with the taxpayers of this province.

But what the provincial government will be able to determine from the offers
made will be a clear measure of just how bad a little- considered part of the
business is doing in this province - the operators themselves. And many of them
are not doing that well.

Processors have some clear concerns right now: prices are down, and the
competitive nature of situations like too many plants and a shrinking crab quota
means margins have to be just about as slim as they can be.

Costs, however, are as high as ever: labour, electricity and maintenance are all
still chugging along, and plant owners who have modernized also have the problem
of interest costs on burgeoning debt. And New Ferolle is a poster-child for
that.

The New Ferolle plant was seized by the province in 2005, after the former
owners defaulted on a loan guarantee: at the time, according to the provincial
government, the province had already invested close to $2 million in loan
guarantees and equity investments in the operation. The province then leased the
operation to another operator, and that lease will expire at the end of March.

In 2004, the plant had $5 million in fish landings, with the landed value of
lobster - $1.8 million - leading the way. At the time, close to 200 people were
employed at the plant, processing just about everything they could get their
hands on: halibut, caplin, crab, mackerel, scallops, lumpfish roe, flatfish and
herring.

And the $2 million is not the only government money that has gone into the
fishing business in New Ferolle. There was also some $1.6 million in wharf
repairs in 2003, money from both the federal and provincial governments.

It sounds like the kind of business arrangement that would be the least likely
to fail: the provincial and federal governments handle big infrastructure costs,
and even supply what is functionally a line of credit - but fail it did.

The government will receive proposals to reopen the plant until the end of
March, and promises to pick an operator shortly afterwards, with a goal of
reopening the plant for the 2006 fishing season.

In his news release announcing the lease offer, Fisheries Minister Tom Rideout
said, "The fishing industry is currently undergoing dramatic changes."

He's right. This lease, and its terms, may well show the government how dramatic
those changes are - the question is whether the government will be willing to
share that information.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 St. John's Telegram, a division of Transcontinental Media Group
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Washington: Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3089  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Register, The Government of USA has issued the following notice:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 217 (Monday, November 10, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 66692-66694]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-26612]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Request for Information and Notice of Listening Session.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on
implementing the provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of
2014 (2014 Farm Bill) relating to water and waste disposal direct and
guaranteed loans. RUS is requesting written comments regarding the
Section 6019 provisions and their relation to project financing
requirements. This public input will allow all affected stakeholders to
contribute to the development of agency procedures for implementing
these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission of
facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility
infrastructure to improve the quality of life and promote economic
development in rural America.
 As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be
hosting a listening session. The listening session will provide an
opportunity for stakeholders and other interested parties to offer
their comments, concerns or requests regarding the implementation of
these provisions. Instructions regarding registering for and attending
the listening session are in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this
notice.

DATES: Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written
comments on or before January 9, 2015.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end
by 3:00 p.m. All Participants must register by Monday, December 8,
2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section for additional guidance
and information on the listening session.

ADDRESSES: Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the
following methods:
 Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow instructions for submitting comments.
 Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment
addressed to Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and
Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue,
STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington, DC 20250- 1522.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-
S of the South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue
SW., Wing 1, Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the
listening session. The listening session is open to all members of the
public who register.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-
1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Background

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the
development of water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water
and Waste Disposal (WWD) program. The WWD program is authorized under
Section 306 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C.
1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide financing in the form of loans,
grants, and loan guarantees to eligible applicants, including cities,
towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than 10,000 inhabitants.
This financial assistance is intended to reach communities in greatest
need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.
 Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section
333 of the CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent
practicable, private or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and
waste disposal facilities. The section directs the agency to achieve
this requirement through the following five provisions: (A) Maximizing
the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible projects in rural
communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B) maximizing the
use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a material
impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a ``materiality standard'' to determine when
to maximize direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects
that require interim financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if
an existing direct loan borrower can refinance with a private or
cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new direct loan.
 RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed
loans, direct loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779,
1780, and

[[Page 66693]]

1782, respectively. These regulations currently address topics
discussed in Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including
but not limited to requirements for documenting need for RUS financing
in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation of loans, and interim
financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions and identifying
how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is also
considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.
 RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural
water systems, trade associations, consumer groups, financing and
lending institutions, and individuals to comment on the questions and
potential requirements proposed herein. RUS requests that stakeholders
provide, in writing, any information or analysis they believe to be
relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions. By
further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit, or
otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill
in its entirety.

Request for Comment

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the
provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support
the agency's mission, including ensuring that new regulations and
policies do not overly burden the agency's borrowers and their
customers. The following questions and discussion items are posed to
guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments that are
beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:
 Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014
Farm Bill directs the agency to ``maximize the use of'' loan guarantees
for projects that will serve rural communities with populations greater
than 5,500. RUS has an existing regulation for loan guarantees where
the Agency guarantees quality loans for the construction or improvement
of water and waste projects serving the financially needy communities
in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS has an existing
regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing, and the
Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through
commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The
agency currently does not limit its guaranteed program or test for
credit to those communities with populations of greater than 5,500. The
agency requests responses and comments on the following questions:
 1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision A?
 2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population
exceeding 5,500 to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a
direct loan or grant?
 3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining
whether applicants should be required to first apply through the
guaranteed program?
 4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek
commercial credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the
agency's direct loan and grant program?
 5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial
ratios, minimum loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population
required by Provision A of Section 6019, that the agency should screen
for prior to referring borrowers to cooperative and commercial lenders
for guaranteed loans?
 6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste
Disposal Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can
they be addressed through implementation of Section 6019?
 7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for
assessing the impact on ratepayers in determining when the agency
should use direct loans or loan guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7
CFR Part 1780, require the agency to provide loan and grant funds for
water and waste projects serving the most financially needy
communities. The existing regulations further require the agency to
provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency
presently uses the median household income of the service area as well
as a comparison of at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable
user costs to the ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the
following topics:
 8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provisions B and C?
 9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to
ensure a standard approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?
 10. What factors should be considered in determining the
materiality standard described in Section 6019? For those factors, what
is to be considered a material difference in cost to rate payers?
 11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at
which the agency will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee?
Should it be based on a set dollar increase, a percentage of median
household income, or some other approach? If an applicant qualifies for
the agency's grant, should this exclude the applicant from this
provision?
 12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible
for the direct loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if
they meet or exceed the materiality threshold?
 13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and
timely information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating
in the guaranteed program so that the impact on rate payers of direct
versus guaranteed loans can be assessed?
 14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm
Bill directs the agency to require potential borrowers to seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders for projects requiring
greater than $500,000 in interim financing. RUS's existing regulation
allows for interim financing for all loans exceeding $500,000, where
funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on an interim basis
from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR 1780.39(d)).
The agency requests comment on the following topics:
 15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision D?
 16. In your opinion what constitutes ``reasonable interest rates?''

[[Page 66694]]

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining
what is reasonable?
 18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a
willingness to provide financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent
the applicant from seeking and obtaining other non-private or non-
cooperative lenders interim financing when doing so would result in a
reduction in the overall project cost?
 19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still
have the option to decline offers for interim financing? In what
instances should this be allowed?
 20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an
existing direct loan borrower can refinance their direct loan with a
private or cooperative lender, including with a loan guarantee, prior
to RUS providing a new direct loan. This language is consistent with
RUS's existing regulatory and servicing requirements. Applicants must
certify in writing and the Agency shall determine and document that the
applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from their own
resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7
CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the
Government that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of
indebtedness then outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan
for such purposes from responsible cooperative or private credit
sources, at reasonable rates and terms, the borrower will, upon request
of the Government, apply for and accept such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The
agency requests comment on the following topics:
 21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision E?
 22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible
applicants to other lenders?
 23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to
ensure that the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on
rural communities?
 24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is
eligible for the program, does not want to refinance older loans or use
an outside lender?
 25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are
seeking a new loan that would qualify for an agency grant?
 26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if
they claim they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative
lender, including with a loan guarantee?
 27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or
cooperative lender indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans,
but the applicant believes that refinancing would be detrimental to
their operations and cause an undue burden on their rate payers?
 28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold
(population, dollars, financial ratios or other) at which they would
not consider projects as candidates for refinancing?
 29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?

Listening Session

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the
public. Oral comments received from this listening session will be
documented. All attendees of this listening session who submit oral
comments are requested to submit a written copy to help RUS accurately
capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and the public who do
not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are invited to
submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated in
the DATES section above.
 At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the
public. This is not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and
answer session. As noted above, the purpose is to receive public input
that RUS can consider in order to implement the provisions of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is interested in receiving input on all
aspects of the implementation of these provisions.
 The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from
Agency leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing
oral comments are requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes)
as we do not know at this time how many participants there will be. We
request that speakers providing oral comments also provide a written
copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES section above for information
about submitting written comments. All stakeholders and interested
members of the public are welcome to register to provide oral comments;
however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited number will be
selected on a first come, first serve basis.

Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to
USDA headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing
to attend the listening session in person or via phone must send an
email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to
register. Registrations will be accepted until maximum capacity is
reached. Once registered, you will receive an email on how to access
the listening session remotely. To register, provide the following
information:

First Name
 Last Name
 Organization
 Title
 Email
 Phone Number
 City
 State
 Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to
provide oral comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must
provide valid photo identification in order to enter the building.
Visitors must enter the South Building on the Independence Side, 4th
Wing. Please allow extra time to get through security. Additional
information about the listening session, agenda, and directions to get
to the listening session, will be available at the USDA Farm Bill Web
site http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-26612 Filed 11-7-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Washington: Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

LENGTH: 3089  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Register, The Government of USA has issued the following notice:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 217 (Monday, November 10, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 66692-66694]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-26612]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Project Financing Loans, Grants, and Loan Guarantees

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Request for Information and Notice of Listening Session.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) seeks public comments on
implementing the provisions of Section 6019 of the Agricultural Act of
2014 (2014 Farm Bill) relating to water and waste disposal direct and
guaranteed loans. RUS is requesting written comments regarding the
Section 6019 provisions and their relation to project financing
requirements. This public input will allow all affected stakeholders to
contribute to the development of agency procedures for implementing
these provisions that will continue to support the agency's mission of
facilitating the development of affordable, reliable utility
infrastructure to improve the quality of life and promote economic
development in rural America.
 As part of our implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS will be
hosting a listening session. The listening session will provide an
opportunity for stakeholders and other interested parties to offer
their comments, concerns or requests regarding the implementation of
these provisions. Instructions regarding registering for and attending
the listening session are in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION of this
notice.

DATES: Written Comments: Interested parties must submit written
comments on or before January 9, 2015.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, and will begin at 1:00 p.m. and is scheduled to end
by 3:00 p.m. All Participants must register by Monday, December 8,
2014. See the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section for additional guidance
and information on the listening session.

ADDRESSES: Submit comments in either paper or electronic format by the
following methods:
 Federal eRulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow instructions for submitting comments.
 Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comment
addressed to Michele Brooks, Director, Program Development and
Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue,
STOP 1522, Room 5159, Washington, DC 20250- 1522.
 Listening Session: The listening session will be held in Room 5141-
S of the South Agriculture Building at 14th and Independence Avenue
SW., Wing 1, Washington, DC 20250. We invite you to participate in the
listening session. The listening session is open to all members of the
public who register.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Pamela Bennett, USDA--Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 1570, Washington, DC 20250-
1570, telephone (202) 720-9639 or email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Background

RUS provides long term financing to rural communities for the
development of water and waste disposal infrastructure under the Water
and Waste Disposal (WWD) program. The WWD program is authorized under
Section 306 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act 7 U.S.C.
1926 et seq. (CONACT), to provide financing in the form of loans,
grants, and loan guarantees to eligible applicants, including cities,
towns, and unincorporated areas with no more than 10,000 inhabitants.
This financial assistance is intended to reach communities in greatest
need and to provide reasonable user costs for rural residents,
businesses and other rural users.
 Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended Section
333 of the CONACT to require RUS to encourage, to the maximum extent
practicable, private or cooperative lenders to finance rural water and
waste disposal facilities. The section directs the agency to achieve
this requirement through the following five provisions: (A) Maximizing
the use of loan guarantees to finance eligible projects in rural
communities in which the population exceeds 5,500; (B) maximizing the
use of direct loans to finance eligible projects if there is a material
impact on the rate payers when compared to a loan guarantee; (C)
establishing and applying a ``materiality standard'' to determine when
to maximize direct loans as directed in (B); (D) requiring projects
that require interim financing in excess of $500,000 to initially seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders; and (E) determining if
an existing direct loan borrower can refinance with a private or
cooperative lender prior to RUS providing a new direct loan.
 RUS regulations for Water and Waste Disposal Programs guaranteed
loans, direct loans and loan servicing are found in 7 CFR Parts 1779,
1780, and

[[Page 66693]]

1782, respectively. These regulations currently address topics
discussed in Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions, including
but not limited to requirements for documenting need for RUS financing
in lieu of credit elsewhere, graduation of loans, and interim
financing. RUS is analyzing the Section 6019 provisions and identifying
how current regulations may need to be revised. The agency is also
considering how to minimize the impact to rural end users of the
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill Section 6019 provisions.
 RUS invites interested parties including but not limited to rural
water systems, trade associations, consumer groups, financing and
lending institutions, and individuals to comment on the questions and
potential requirements proposed herein. RUS requests that stakeholders
provide, in writing, any information or analysis they believe to be
relevant to the implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill provisions. By
further notice in the Federal Register, RUS may terminate, limit, or
otherwise modify the process of obtaining information from interested
parties. RUS encourages interested parties to review the 2014 Farm Bill
in its entirety.

Request for Comment

Stakeholder input is vital to ensure that implementation of the
provisions of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill continue to support
the agency's mission, including ensuring that new regulations and
policies do not overly burden the agency's borrowers and their
customers. The following questions and discussion items are posed to
guide stakeholder comments. RUS welcomes pertinent comments that are
beyond the scope of these questions. RUS is requesting comment and
discussion on the following topics:
 Maximizing Loan Guarantees. Provision A of Section 6019 of the 2014
Farm Bill directs the agency to ``maximize the use of'' loan guarantees
for projects that will serve rural communities with populations greater
than 5,500. RUS has an existing regulation for loan guarantees where
the Agency guarantees quality loans for the construction or improvement
of water and waste projects serving the financially needy communities
in rural areas (7 CFR 1779). In addition, RUS has an existing
regulatory requirement that applicants must certify in writing, and the
Agency shall determine and document, that the applicant is unable to
finance the proposed project from their own resources or through
commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7 CFR 1780.7(d)). The
agency currently does not limit its guaranteed program or test for
credit to those communities with populations of greater than 5,500. The
agency requests responses and comments on the following questions:
 1. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision A?
 2. Should RUS require all eligible applicants with a population
exceeding 5,500 to apply for a guaranteed loan prior to applying for a
direct loan or grant?
 3. If not, what criteria should the agency apply in determining
whether applicants should be required to first apply through the
guaranteed program?
 4. How should the agency handle applicants that do not want to seek
commercial credit or guaranteed loans when they are eligible for the
agency's direct loan and grant program?
 5. Are there any other limiting factors or conditions (financial
ratios, minimum loan amounts or other), beyond the 5,500 population
required by Provision A of Section 6019, that the agency should screen
for prior to referring borrowers to cooperative and commercial lenders
for guaranteed loans?
 6. What barrier(s), if any, to participation in the Water and Waste
Disposal Guaranteed Loan Program exist for eligible rural entities? Can
they be addressed through implementation of Section 6019?
 7. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 1through 6
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Materiality Standard. Provisions B and C of Section 6019 of the
2014 Farm Bill directs RUS to establish a materiality standard for
assessing the impact on ratepayers in determining when the agency
should use direct loans or loan guarantees. WWD Program regulations, 7
CFR Part 1780, require the agency to provide loan and grant funds for
water and waste projects serving the most financially needy
communities. The existing regulations further require the agency to
provide financial assistance that results in reasonable user costs for
rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users. The agency
presently uses the median household income of the service area as well
as a comparison of at least 3 similar systems cost to ensure reasonable
user costs to the ratepayers. The agency requests comment on the
following topics:
 8. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provisions B and C?
 9. Should the agency apply Provisions B and C only for eligible
projects in rural communities in which the population exceeds 5,500 to
ensure a standard approach in assessing the impact on rate payers?
 10. What factors should be considered in determining the
materiality standard described in Section 6019? For those factors, what
is to be considered a material difference in cost to rate payers?
 11. How should RUS define the level of impact to ratepayers at
which the agency will use a direct loan rather than loan guarantee?
Should it be based on a set dollar increase, a percentage of median
household income, or some other approach? If an applicant qualifies for
the agency's grant, should this exclude the applicant from this
provision?
 12. Under what circumstances should an applicant that is eligible
for the direct loan program be allowed to seek a direct agency loan if
they meet or exceed the materiality threshold?
 13. What is the best way to ensure the availability of accurate and
timely information regarding rates and terms of lenders participating
in the guaranteed program so that the impact on rate payers of direct
versus guaranteed loans can be assessed?
 14. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 8 through 13
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Interim Financing: Provision D of Section 6019 of the 2014 Farm
Bill directs the agency to require potential borrowers to seek
financing from private or cooperative lenders for projects requiring
greater than $500,000 in interim financing. RUS's existing regulation
allows for interim financing for all loans exceeding $500,000, where
funds can be borrowed at reasonable interest rates on an interim basis
from commercial sources for the construction period (7 CFR 1780.39(d)).
The agency requests comment on the following topics:
 15. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision D?
 16. In your opinion what constitutes ``reasonable interest rates?''

[[Page 66694]]

17. Should the impact on rate payers be considered in determining
what is reasonable?
 18. In cases where an applicant initially seeks interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders and those lenders indicate a
willingness to provide financing, does this provision of 6019 prevent
the applicant from seeking and obtaining other non-private or non-
cooperative lenders interim financing when doing so would result in a
reduction in the overall project cost?
 19. Provision D requires the applicant to seek interim financing
from private or cooperative lenders. Should applicants/borrowers still
have the option to decline offers for interim financing? In what
instances should this be allowed?
 20. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 15 through 19
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?
 Referral to Private or Cooperative Lenders. Provision E of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill directs the Agency to determine if an
existing direct loan borrower can refinance their direct loan with a
private or cooperative lender, including with a loan guarantee, prior
to RUS providing a new direct loan. This language is consistent with
RUS's existing regulatory and servicing requirements. Applicants must
certify in writing and the Agency shall determine and document that the
applicant is unable to finance the proposed project from their own
resources or through commercial credit at reasonable rates and terms (7
CFR 1780.8(d)). In addition, if at any time, it appears to the
Government that the borrower is able to refinance the amount of
indebtedness then outstanding, in whole or in part, by obtaining a loan
for such purposes from responsible cooperative or private credit
sources, at reasonable rates and terms, the borrower will, upon request
of the Government, apply for and accept such loan (7 CFR 1782.11). The
agency requests comment on the following topics:
 21. To what degree do the agency's existing regulations fulfill the
requirements of this section? What, if any, modifications are needed to
fully address the requirements of Provision E?
 22. What process should be used by the agency to refer eligible
applicants to other lenders?
 23. What minimum information should be required of the applicant to
ensure that the costs of the referral are not overly burdensome on
rural communities?
 24. What should the agency do if a potential borrower, who is
eligible for the program, does not want to refinance older loans or use
an outside lender?
 25. Does Provision E exclude those existing borrowers who are
seeking a new loan that would qualify for an agency grant?
 26. What documentation should the agency require of the borrower if
they claim they are unable to refinance with a private or cooperative
lender, including with a loan guarantee?
 27. How should the agency handle cases where a private or
cooperative lender indicates a willingness to refinance agency loans,
but the applicant believes that refinancing would be detrimental to
their operations and cause an undue burden on their rate payers?
 28. Do commercial and cooperative banks have a threshold
(population, dollars, financial ratios or other) at which they would
not consider projects as candidates for refinancing?
 29. Are there any other issues not mentioned in items 21 through 28
that should be considered in implementing this provision of Section
6019?

Listening Session

The RUS will hold the Section 6019 Listening Session on Wednesday,
December 10, 2014, to receive comments from stakeholders and the
public. Oral comments received from this listening session will be
documented. All attendees of this listening session who submit oral
comments are requested to submit a written copy to help RUS accurately
capture public input. In addition, stakeholders and the public who do
not wish to attend or speak at the listening session are invited to
submit written comments which must be received by the date indicated in
the DATES section above.
 At the listening session, the focus is for RUS to hear from the
public. This is not a discussion with RUS officials or a question and
answer session. As noted above, the purpose is to receive public input
that RUS can consider in order to implement the provisions of Section
6019 of the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS is interested in receiving input on all
aspects of the implementation of these provisions.
 The listening session will begin with brief opening remarks from
Agency leadership in Rural Development. Individual speakers providing
oral comments are requested to be succinct (no more than five minutes)
as we do not know at this time how many participants there will be. We
request that speakers providing oral comments also provide a written
copy of their comments. See the ADDRESSES section above for information
about submitting written comments. All stakeholders and interested
members of the public are welcome to register to provide oral comments;
however, if necessary due to time constraints, a limited number will be
selected on a first come, first serve basis.

Instructions for Attending the Listening Session

Space for attendance at the listening session is limited. Due to
USDA headquarters security and space requirements, all persons wishing
to attend the listening session in person or via phone must send an
email to WEPFarmBill@wdc.usda.gov by Monday, December 8, 2014, to
register. Registrations will be accepted until maximum capacity is
reached. Once registered, you will receive an email on how to access
the listening session remotely. To register, provide the following
information:

First Name
 Last Name
 Organization
 Title
 Email
 Phone Number
 City
 State
 Indicate if you will attend in person and if you wish to
provide oral comments.

Upon arrival at the USDA South Building, registered persons must
provide valid photo identification in order to enter the building.
Visitors must enter the South Building on the Independence Side, 4th
Wing. Please allow extra time to get through security. Additional
information about the listening session, agenda, and directions to get
to the listening session, will be available at the USDA Farm Bill Web
site http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=farmbill.

Dated: November 4, 2014.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-26612 Filed 11-7-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Courier (Connelsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 17, 2012 Tuesday

Brownsville project brings much-needed sewer

BYLINE: The Daily Courier, Connellsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 608 words


July 17--A ceremonial ribbon-cutting for the Brownsville Municipal Authority's
sewer project marked an important day for local residents. Congressman Mark
Critz, PA-12th, Thomas Williams, USDA Rural Development state director, and Col.
William H. Graham, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, participated in the recent
ceremony.

The $1.4 million project had been in discussion for 36 years and now brings
much-needed public sewer to 59 homes as well as the Patsy Hillman Park.

"The untreated sewage that was flowing into the local watersheds and the
resulting health and environmental concerns are removed with these improvements.
This project is an example of how USDA Rural Development is helping to protect
the environment throughout rural Pennsylvania," said Tom Williams, "and this
project advances the Obama Administration's economic recovery goals to rebuild
the nation's infrastructure by creating jobs."

Rural Development provided a $141,000 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
loan and a $488,000 grant, administered by the Water and Environmental Program,
which provides loans and grants to ensure that the necessary investments are
made in water and wastewater infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and
protect the environment in rural areas.

The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers provided $500,000 in Section 313, South Central
Pennsylvania Environmental Improvement Program funding to support the design and
construction for Phase 2 of this project. Section 313 of the Water Resources
Development Act of 1992 established this program to provide design and
construction assistance for water-related environmental infrastructure and
resource protection and development projects in 15 counties in southwestern
Pennsylvania. The Section 313 Program authorizes federal assistance to provide
design and construction oversight to communities for projects involving
wastewater treatment and related facilities, water supply, storage, treatment
and distribution facilities, and surface water resource protection and
development projects. These projects directly improve the environment and the
quality of life in the program area and contribute to the national goal of
improving environmental quality.

In addition, the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development
provided a $75,000 grant. DCED provides grants to municipalities or municipal
authorities to assist with the construction of drinking water, sanitary and
storm sewer projects.

Rural Development serves as the lead federal agency for rural development needs
by offering financial and technical assistance to individuals, businesses and
communities. Rural Development programs include funding for day care centers,
firetrucks and other community facility projects; the purchase, construction or
repair of homes; loans and guarantees to rural businesses to save or create jobs
and renewable energy; and loans and grants for water and sewer utility projects.

For more information on programs offered by Rural Development, call the
Pennsylvania State Office at 717-237-2299 or visit at www.rurdev.usda.gov/pa.

More information about USDA's Recovery Act efforts is available at
www.usda.gov/recovery and more information about the federal government's
efforts on the Recovery Act is available at www.recovery.gov.

Tweet

Subscribe today & get the all digital eTRIB! Click here for our subscription
offers.

You must be signed in to add comments

To comment, click Sign in or sign up at the very top of this page.

___ (c)2012 The Daily Courier (Connellsville, Pa.) Visit The Daily Courier
(Connellsville, Pa.) at www.pittsburghlive.com/x/dailycourier Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120717-DC-Brownsville-project-brings-much-needed-sewer-0717-20120717

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DC


                        Copyright 2012 The Daily Courier


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            January 27, 1995, Friday

IMF offers Mexico $ 7.8bn loan

BYLINE: RUPERT CORNWELL

SECTION: CITY & BUSINESS; Page  32

LENGTH: 192 words


The International Monetary fund yesterday announced that it would make the
largest loan in its history to financially battered Mexico - at the very moment
that the Clinton administration's own $ 40bn loan guarantee package is running
into ever mor e powerful opposition on Capitol Hill.

The facility, worth up to $ 7.8bn over an 18-month period, was agreed by Michel
Camdessus, the IMF's managing director, and other senior officials. It still
requires formal approval by the IMF board next week, but this is considered a
certainty after Mr Camdessus' ringing endorsement last night of the "strong,
credible and coherent programme" brought forward by the government of President
Ernesto Zedillo earlier this month.

The fund's decision was instantly hailed by senior US officials as a sign of the
international community's deter- mination to help Mexico out of its present
crisis. But Robert Rubin, the Treasury Secretary, warned that the loan
guarantees remained "an urgent priority" if Mexico's economic problems were to
be contained.

President Clinton too stepped up his support for the move, insisting that Mexico
had never


LOAD-DATE: January 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 Independent Print Ltd


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                           February 25, 2010 Thursday
                                 Mersey Edition

Mandelson praises Cheshire lights firm;
Green Lite managing director attends reception at 10 Downing Street

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 527 words


SECRETARY of State for Business Lord Mandelson has praised a Warrington company
which supplies firms with environmentally-friendly lighting.

Bob Hall, managing director of Green Lite Solutions, met Lord Mandelson at a
reception at Number 10 Downing Street earlier this month.

The company took advantage of a pounds 450,000 loan backed by the Government's
Enterprise Finance Guarantee to access capital its needed to grow.

Lord Mandelson said: "Small businesses are the lifeblood of the British economy
and we recognise what an important role they have played in getting the country
through the recession.

"Bob Hall is an inspiration to his community and a good example of why support
from Government was so crucial over the downturn."

Mr Hall said the business had been able to expand its workforce by nearly 20%
from 70 to 83 employees as a direct result of the financial confidence provided
by the Government support.

He added: "When you are sourcing equipment from places as far afield as the Far
East and they require Letter of Credit payments, the funding assisted this
facility.

"The Enterprise Finance Guarantee has helped us towards realising our potential.
Not only has it sustained us through the recession but it has also allowed rapid
growth in the past year."

Lord Mandelson and Small Business Minister Lord Davies said the reception at
Number 10 was an important opportunity to acknowledge the considerable effort
Britain's 4.8m small and medium-sized firms have put in to keep their businesses
afloat through the recession.

"The Government remains committed to standing alongside the business community,"
said Lord Davies.

"We have extended the Real Help for Business Now package to support small firms
with their growth plans in the recovery."

Green Lite Solutions is the new trading name and identity for Direct Lamp
Distribution, a former wholesaler and distributor of lighting equipment to
retail and trade buyers.

The Green Lite concept offers the customer energy design, product supply with a
full three-year guarantee, installation and maintenance.

The firm was started with the help of a pounds 1.25m funding package from the
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) which comprised the EFG loan.

Its services include a full energy audit and evaluation of the current lighting
systems at a customer's premises.

This is followed by a suggested redesign using energy-efficient LED lighting
where possible, to help lower energy bills and reduce the company's carbon
footprint.

LED lighting uses up to 80% less energy than halogen or fluorescent lighting,
meaning that a business can significantly reduce its energy bills and carbon
footprint by changing its lighting source.

LED lighting also requires less maintenance and lasts much longer when compared
to traditional lighting sources.

Direct Lamp Distribution was originally established by its directors, John
Millar and Mark Dempsey, in 2004.

The duo also owns and operate Eurotec Services GB, a sister company based in
Warrington, which, over the past 15 years, has provided electrical maintenance
and testing services to blue-chip clients such as national retailers and DIY
chains.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  From left: Lord Mandelson
 Bob Hall, of Green Lite Solutions
 and Small Business Minister Lord Davies, at a reception at Number 10 Downing
Street

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2010 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                               February 23, 2012

News in Brief

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13 No. 2038

LENGTH: 662  words


Private facilities partnerships

UPP seals £ 57m contract

A private company that specialises in long-term multi-million-pound deals to
build and run student facilities has extended its reach in the sector through a
£ 57.2 million contract with Nottingham Trent University. The deal with
University Partnerships Programme - which has been partly backed by a £ 46
million loan from Royal Bank of Scotland - will create new sports and social
provision for the institution, including a gym, music venue, retail space and
health centre. The facility will also provide bespoke accommodation for the
university's students union in addition to more than 900 new rooms. It is the
latest move by UPP, which has to date invested a total of £ 1.4 billion in the
sector in return for long-term contracts that can guarantee the company a
decades-long stream of rental income.

US funding

Obama smiles on education

The US Department of Education has emerged as one of the winners in Barack
Obama's 2013 budget request, winning a 2.5 per cent rise in funding and promises
of support for community colleges. In a speech at Northern Virginia Community
College, Mr Obama pledged $8 billion (£ 5 billion) for community colleges to
develop and implement job training programmes over the next three years. The
budget has also promised more student financial aid offered by the federal
government. This includes Pell Grants, given to the poorest students, which are
to be set at a maximum of $5,635 for the 2014-15 academic year. This represents
an $85 rise on the previous year. Mr Obama has also announced the postponement
(for a year only) of an increase in the interest rate for federally subsidised
student loans, which was originally scheduled to take effect in June.

Tribunal hearing

Damages for dismissed scientist

A scientist who was team leader on a project to build the world's largest radio
telescope has been awarded £ 30,000 in damages after being subjected to a
"barrage of yelling" by a professor. As Times Higher Education reported last
month, a tribunal had previously found that Andrew Faulkner was unfairly
dismissed from his job at the University of Manchester, where he was a project
engineer and team leader on the Square Kilometre Array radio telescope. He was
shouted at by Mohamed Missous during a heated meeting about research into the £
1.3 billion project at Jodrell Bank observatory in Cheshire. Professor Missous
was said to have acted like "a mother bear protecting her cubs" after Dr
Faulkner was accused of dismissing his work on the design.

Freedom of Information

UUK fails to win exemption

Universities UK has failed in an attempt to have an exemption for pre-
publication research data inserted into the Freedom of Information Act. During a
House of Lords debate on 15 February about the Protection of Freedoms bill, Lord
Henley, the minister for crime prevention and antisocial behaviour reduction,
said that "adequate protection already exists" in the current Act. UUK is also
calling on the Commons Justice Committee, which is examining the impact of the
Act, to grant the new exemption. UUK is concerned that Freedom of Information
requests could be used to "scoop" data from researchers before they have a
chance to publish.

ONLINE NOW

"Oddly parochial" was the verdict of one online reader on a UK academic's
criticism of the poor research records of US for-profit universities. Andrew
McGowan wrote: "In the UK, and in Australia, the research university that
regards students as a nuisance seems more of a real risk in the future than the
teaching-only institution.

"The 'university' title won't save venerable institutions that have lost sight
of a teaching mission, as students become more savvy about their choices."

He added: "Giving or taking the name 'university' is beside the point ... The
point is how we work both sides of the teaching-research nexus to strengthen
institutions and provide students with great educations."

Plus

More opinion, news and reader debate.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 18, 2009 Monday

Did Exelon scrap Victoria County plans?

BYLINE: Gabe Semenza, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 781 words


May 18--You won't find Exelon Nuclear on the list of likely recipients for
federal loan guarantees.

Contrary to reports, however, plans for the proposed Victoria County plant
continue, Exelon spokespeople say. So, too, do urgent efforts to sway lawmakers
to set aside more money to help guarantee more plants.

Four companies planning new nuclear reactors were recently informed their
applications are getting a closer look, the U.S. Department of Energy announced
Friday. Exelon's name wasn't in the bunch.

The energy department has $18.5 billion in government-backed loan guarantees
that nuclear power companies need to secure financing for new construction.
About 20 companies applied for the safety net.

Exelon's omission from the narrowed list prompted misleading regional news
reports.

"Plans for a new nuclear power plant in Victoria are likely to be scrapped
because the project isn't expected to obtain necessary government-backed loans
to help finance the facility," the Houston Chronicle reported on Saturday,
paraphrasing John Rowe, Exelon's chief executive officer.

Bill Harris, Exelon's Victoria-based community outreach manager, said Rowe's
words were twisted.

"He said what we've said all along. We cannot build the Victoria project without
loan guarantees," Harris said. "This shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone.
Exelon's still in the early application stages. We didn't expect to be among the
top projects to get loan guarantees."

Applications were singled out for closer review because they are furthest along
in obtaining needed licenses. Exelon's just not there yet, he said.

In October, the department received 19 applications from 17 power companies
seeking $122 billion in loan guarantees, which far exceeds the $18.5 billion
available.

Next-generation nuclear power plants can cost about $9 billion to build, and the
reeling credit markets are reluctant to lend.

While federal loan guarantees differ based on case-by-case negotiations, they
offer a safety net to lenders. A loan guarantee is a promise by the government
to cushion a bank if a nuclear power company falters on payments.

U.S. Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison, a Republican from Texas, sent a letter last
week urging key lawmakers to increase funding for loan guarantees. She said U.S.
energy demand requires it.

"Nuclear power plants are only allocated $18.5 billion in loan guarantees,
enough for about three reactors," Hutchinson wrote. "This level of funding is
insufficient and will reduce the likelihood that we are able to expand on our
nuclear capability."

Jeff Sadosky, Hutchison's spokesperson, said Monday the senator wrote the letter
as lawmakers consider the nation's budget.

"The final appropriations decisions will happen over the next month or two. They
are drafting the appropriations bills as we speak," Sadosky said.

As Exelon awaits word from Capitol Hill, the company also looks forward to June,
the month NRG Energy is expected to hold its next stockholders meeting.

Exelon is knee-deep in a hostile takeover of NRG, part owner of Bay City's South
Texas Project, a nuclear power plant.

NRG wants to expand the plant by two reactors, and its application is one of the
four getting a closer federal look.

A closer look, though, doesn't mean certain federal loan guarantees, and
Congress may or may not add to the program's budget. No no one knows just how
much money will exist to go around, or which companies will ultimately qualify
for it.

Craig Nesbit said these uncertainties are only a fraction of the variables
weighing on the minds at Exelon.

The company expects to decide in early 2010 if it will move forward locally, but
the Exelon spokesman said he can't say for sure just how the cards must stack
for the answer to be yes.

"It's a very fluid situation," Nesbit said. "There's no need for decisions right
now. We don't even have our cost estimates."

If Exelon takes over NRG, for example, the move could stall a new Victoria
County plant. Exelon would in that case focus on the two-reactor expansion in
Bay City.

"At some point, you'll know how many plants are on the table and how much money
there is in loan guarantees," Nesbit said. "How important is this legislative
session? It's fairly important. Is it the be-all-end-all? Not by any stretch of
the imagination."

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090518-VI-Did-Exelon-scrap-Victoria-County-plans-0518

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2009 Victoria Advocate


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

Midway executes commitment letter for $55m project finance facility

SECTION: GOLD ORE MINING; Strategic Alliance

LENGTH: 353 words



HIGHLIGHT: Midway Gold announces the signing of a binding commitment letter with
Commonwealth Bank of Australia for a $55 million 3-year senior secured project
finance facility for the development of the Company's 100%-owned Pan Gold Mine
in White Pine County, Nevada. Closing is expected to occur by the end of June
2014


The Loan Facility is comprised of two tranches, a project finance facility of
US$45 million plus a cost overrun facility of US$10 million.

Advances under the project finance facility will bear interest at LIBOR plus
3.5% to 3.75%, and advances under the cost overrun facility will bear interest
at the project finance facility rate plus 2%.

Ken Brunk, President and CEO of Midway, states, "We are pleased to be able to
announce this major milestone for our Company and to have Commonwealth Bank as a
new financial partner as we work toward gold production and positive cash flow.
Our progress to date through permitting and financing speaks to the high quality
of our first project and we look forward to achieving the highest return we can
for our shareholders. We would like to thank our employees for their continued
hard work and our shareholders and local community members for their support
through this extensive process. We have committed approximately $21 million to
project construction to date and the build out is about 20% complete."

Additional Loan Facility Information
The Loan Facility is subject to completion of loan and security documentation
and customary conditions precedent to closing, and will be secured by
substantially all of the assets of the borrower (MDW Pan LLP, which is comprised
solely of the Pan Project) and its affiliates.

Upon achieving economic completion and meeting certain other requirements,
security will be limited to the assets of MDW Pan LLP and guarantees from the
Company and an affiliate. Closing is expected to occur at the end of June 2014.

A condition precedent to draw on the loan is the establishment of an un-margined
hedging program through Commonwealth Bank, which provides downside protection
for the Company's debt.

This program will cover a period of less than two years commencing approximately
six months after the planned start of production and is expected to comprise an
estimated 11% of the Project's anticipated life-of-mine production based on the
current reserve base (See November 2011 Resource Estimate) assuming a spot gold
price of approximately $1300/oz.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 30, 2011 Sunday

Low-income housing project in Butler receives grant

BYLINE: Amanda Christman, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 682 words


Jan. 30--A low-income housing project in Butler Township, sponsored by Catholic
Social Services and backed by a local bank, received a $400,000 grant from the
Federal Home Loan Bank of New York.

The award, announced Wednesday, is part of the Federal Home Loan Bank's
Affordable Housing Program, which allocated $32.6 million for projects in Butler
Township, Harrisburg, Philadelphia, New York and New Jersey.

The $400,000 grant for the local project will be used toward the construction of
a 28-unit townhouse development for low- and very-low-income families in Drums,
according to a news release from the bank.

M&T Bank submitted the application for the funding and Catholic Social Services
is a partner in the development with Tower 80/81 LLC.

The project still needs $5 million before it can be built, said Steve Nocilla,
Catholic Social Services director of housing. Partners in the Deer Run
development applied for $5 million from Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency but
were turned down in late December, Nocilla said.

Though he said it was "wonderful" that the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York
recognized Deer Run's importance in Luzerne County, the project is on hold until
developers can secure the additional $5 million.

"It's unfortunate because it would be a great opportunity for the area," Nocilla
said.

He said the Federal Home Loan Bank grant has to be used in one year. Applicants
from Deer Run, he said, will file for an extension on the funding while it
re-applies for the $5 million from the Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency
during its next round of applications in November.

The group also applied for a $400,000 grant through Luzerne County and is
awaiting a decision.

As a rent-to-own project, at the end of the initial 15-year tax credit
compliance period, the units will be offered to the tenant at a sales price
consistent with the monthly rental amount. Additional financing will be provided
by a permanent first mortgage, deferred developer fees, low-income housing tax
credits, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, Luzerne County and the
Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development.

The project is split into two phases on land where the KOA Campground once
stood, off state Route 309 in Drums near a trailer park and a higher-end
development, Sand Springs.

Township engineer Joseph Calabrese said the land development plans for the
project have not yet been approved. He said the supervisors tabled action on the
project until the developer pays a $12,250 recreation fee, $5,000 municipal
storm water facilities inspection fee and financial guarantee.

The project was split into two phases. The first phase includes 28 townhouse
units and the second phase includes 21 units.

The financial guarantee for the first phase is $1,781,244 and for the second,
$810,010.

The Affordable Housing Program provides member community lenders with direct
subsidies, which are passed on to qualified households through a sponsoring
local nonprofit organization. Affordable Housing Program financing is combined
with other funding sources to create housing for moderate-, low- and
very-low-income families. Program awardees receive this funding through
semi-annual competitive rounds. Each competing project must be sponsored by a
financial organization that is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank in
partnership with a community-based sponsoring organization.

The Federal Home Loan Banks have distributed nearly $4 billion in Affordable
Housing Program funds since 1990.

The Federal Home Loan Bank of New York is a congressionally chartered, wholesale
bank. It is part of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, a national wholesale
banking network of 12 regional, stockholder-owned banks.

achristman@standardspeaker.com

To see more of the Standard-Speaker or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.standardspeaker.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110130-ZX-Low-income-housing-project-in-Butler-receives-grant-0130-20110130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                        Copyright 2011 Standard-Speaker


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 11, 1995, Friday, City Edition

City opts for help in marketing attractions

BYLINE: ADAM SMITH

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 980 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Don't accuse city leaders of not trying to spread the word on downtown  doings.

Three full-time staff members and one part-timer devote themselves to  spreading
interest and boosting ticket sales at city-owned facilities  downtown. But with
so much going on at the ThunderDome, Bayfront Center,  Mahaffey Theater,
Coliseum and The Pier, City Council members on Thursday  agreed those marketing
efforts could use some outside help.

While heaping praise on its downtown facilities department, the council  voted
to spend another $ 60,000 for the Tampa public relations firm Tucker/Hall  to
help market downtown facilities. The goal is to boost the city's overall  image,
increase awareness of events at the city facilities and increase ticket  sales.
Tucker/Hall has been working on the city's marketing efforts this year,  and
council members unanimously agreed to use its help at least one more year.

Meanwhile, the St. Petersburg Area Chamber of Commerce's plan for an  "event
marketing office" to promote and coordinate the dozens of festivals  and events
held in the city looks like it may be in trouble. The chamber has  asked the
city to commit $ 50,000 toward the roughly $ 100,000 cost of the  office, but
that extra money is not included in the city's proposed 1996  budget.

"Right now, if you were to try to find out if there were an event  scheduled for
a weekend next year, there really isn't anywhere to find that  out," chamber
economic development director Joe Rittman said in a telephone  interview. "By
having a person solely dedicated, we could pull together all  the resources we
have in the community and make an event really stand out."

Mayor David Fischer said the office was deleted because the chamber  considered
it less of a priority than other services. The city's preliminary  budget does
include an additional $ 50,000 for the chamber's Pier Information  Center and
its business retention programs.

The visitors that the city's marketing efforts are aimed at should have  more
reliable transportation to The Pier by the start of next year. Council  members
on Thursday voted to replace The Pier's aging and often broken  trolleys with
three trams that city staffers expect will better handle crowds  and spend less
time in the shop.

"These are very attractive vehicles," council member Connie Kone said of  the
trams, which will cost a total of $ 390,000. She noted that the vehicles  will
run on compressed natural gas, which means less air pollution. The new  trams
should be in place in time for January's start of the "Splendors of  Ancient
Egypt" exhibition at the Florida International Museum. City officials  estimated
that the museum's "Treasures of the Czars" show this year helped  draw thousands
of visitors a day to The Pier.

In another nod toward revitalizing downtown, council members signed off on  loan
documents that pledge $ 1.5-million from the city to back two loans  totalling $
6-million to the Florida International Museum. The city's  underwriting does not
amount to an actual allocation of dollars, and the  museum would have to lose at
least $ 2-million before either of the city  guarantees could be touched.

Nonetheless, council member Bea Griswold had complained about the city  having
to underwrite the project when the for-profit company overseeing the  exhibition
and running the gift shop, Broughton International Inc., was not  asked for more
help. She also complained that the lenders, Barnett and  SouthTrust banks, did
not offer a better rate given the guarantees behind the  loans.

On that score, Griswold may welcome news that the banks have lowered the
interest rate. They previously planned to charge prime, currently at 8.75
percent, but they have since lowered that to half a percent below prime.

Sam Davis, president of Barnett of Pinellas, said the city's added  commitment
to backing the loans helped account for the lower rate. "We've got  a broader
guarantee from the city, and I think that adds a lot of value."

Also Thursday, the board voted unanimously to reject a $ 55,000 settlement
offer in a lawsuit filed against the Nuisance Abatement Board. Rather than pay
off property owner William Bowen, council members opted to continue with their
appeal of a ruling that the city should reimburse him for having shut down his
apartment complex in response to complaints of drug dealing and other  problems.
Staffers are confident the city will win the appeal.

In other lawsuit-related business, dozens of people phoned the council  office
Thursday to express sympathy with former City Council member James W.  Martin. A
lawyer representing himself, Martin is suing the city over a picket  fence and
two trees he said the city improperly forced him to trim late last  year.

The federal lawsuit is in mediation, but in a Times story Thursday, council
member Edward L. Cole asked taxpayers to let the city know how much they might
be willing to spend to settle the case. He suggested the cost could be  anywhere
from zero up to $ 1-million.

People calling council office Thursday offered no clear consensus on how  much
the city should pay. But they were overwhelmingly sympathetic to Martin.  By
late afternoon, 40 people had sided with him and eight with the city.

"They don't know all the facts," Cole said.

Martin has declined to discuss the case in any detail, but he suggested he
would settle for less than $ 80,000. He said he has spent more than that in
time and money fighting the case.

In court documents, however, he claimed nearly $ 800,000 in damages. In
addition to more than $ 6,000 for putting in and removing the fence and trees,
he claimed more than $ 160,000 in damages for humiliation, shock and
embarrassment caused to him and his wife, and $ 500,000 in punitive damages.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday

Pakistan: Raza for revamping agri sector lending

LENGTH: 768  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, March 04 -- Syed Salim Raza, governor State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) has
prodded banks to revamp and re-structure their agri. lending mechanism through
innovative products and adoption of international best practices.According to
our correspondent, Presiding over a mid-term review meeting of the Agricultural
Credit Advisory Committee (ACAC) held at the State Bank of Pakistan, Karachi
Tuesday, Raza said that future economic growth during next four to five years
and beyond will be led by the agriculture sector."If we want to have sustained
growth, it will come through development of the agriculture sector. Banks must
seriously think about ways and means to increase agri. lending," he asserted.He
emphasized upon the banks to adopt group-based lending, wholesaler lending to
Micro-finance Banks (MFBs), Micro-finance Institutions (MFIs) and lending to
small & marginalized farmers, who are in majority.

Banks should devise strategies for lending to farmers in livestock, dairy,
fisheries, etc. and for developmental purpose including farm implements, water
conservation and infrastructure, he said and added that in this regard Habib
Bank Limited (HBL) National Bank of Pakistan & Askari Bank Limited have made
some good progress.SBP governor stressed that banks should establish close
liaison with farmers' associations for financial literacy & marketing of
agriculture loan products and for the recovery of outstanding loans.'Similarly,
farmers' associations should also develop close linkages with banks, provincial
agriculture & extension departments, input suppliers, agri. marketing companies,
etc. and arrange programmes to disseminate knowledge & skills to the farmers at
grass root level', he added.Referring to several initiatives taken by the State
Bank for the promotion of agri. financing, Mr. Raza talked about launching of
Pilot Project Phase II for disbursement of agri. credit in 28 underserved
districts, introduction of One Window Operation, relief package for agri. loans
in NWFP & FATA, Credit Guarantee Scheme for small farmers for war affected
areas, refinancing facility for modernization of rice husking mills & cotton
ginning factories, training programmes for the officials of Credit
Administration & Risk Management Departments of banks, etc.He said the State
Bank is working on the development of Credit Guarantee Scheme for small &
marginalized farmers, simplification of agri. lending procedures & turnaround
time, Model Shariah compliant products for agriculture financing, market
development for agri. commodities through warehousing system and trading at
National Commodity Exchange Limited. The warehousing system will facilitate
small farmers to realise prices and avail banks' collateralize credit through
warehouse receipt.While giving a brief overview of the sector, SBP Governor said
that the agriculture sector has shown an average growth of 4.5% in the last five
years and it provides livelihood to 66% of the population. However, banks'
credit to farmers has remained almost stagnant i.e. 42-45% of the credit
requirements of the farming community and approximately 2 million against 6.6
million farm household being served, he pointed out. The share of agri. credit
in total banks' credit has declined from 6.8% in 2005 to 4.7% in June 2009 while
the target for agri. credit for the current fiscal year is Rs 260 billion
against estimated overall credit requirement of Rs 533 billion. Mr. Raza pointed
out that major reasons for the below par performance of banks, as far as agri.
credit is concerned, are the lack of interest, product development and human
resource problems.Representatives from farmers' associations and other
stakeholders also pointed out various hurdles in the promotion of agriculture
financing. The SBP Governor asked the banks to resolve the issues in
disbursement of agriculture loans to the farming community.Representatives from
Zarai Taraqiati Bank, National Bank and Habib Bank informed the participants
about various initiatives taken by these banks to boost agri. credit.
Representatives of commercial banks have assured the ACAC meeting that the
agriculture disbursement target of Rs 260 bln for this fiscal year would be
met.The meeting was attended, among others, by heads of commercial banks,
representatives of agriculture chambers and trade bodies, officials of relevant
federal/provincial departments, besides senior officials of the State Bank.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more
information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                               September 23, 2012

Comment: Personal guarantees have 'spread contagion'

SECTION: SMALL BUSINESS

LENGTH: 733 words


During the boom years, it was common practice for banks to demand personal
guarantees from the promoters of small and medium businesses before lending
money as away of circumventing the corporate persona of a limited liability
company. It was also common for parents to provide such guarantees for their
children, to help them get on the property ladder.

At the time, it appeared ludicrous to suggest that these guarantees would ever
be enforced, given the seemingly endless rise in the value of properties on
which most of these loans were secured. They were seen by many as a painless way
to secure more favourable terms with their bank.

However, given the new economic reality of short sales and widespread negative
equity, many of these guarantees are now having devastating consequences on the
personal finances and assets of the guarantors.

The now-common enforcement of personal guarantees has spread a debt contagion
into the wider community, and created a situation where even the debt-free may
have reason to fear for their family homes and other private assets.

The enforcement of personal guarantees is rooted in contract law which, at its
most basic level, requires a valid offer, acceptance and consideration (ie,
payment or reward) for a contract to be enforceable. In the context of a
personal guarantee, guarantors must have received some consideration for the
guarantee to be enforceable against them.

Typically, guarantees were provided in the context of a loan or credit facility
between a bank and the guaranteed person or company, in which case approval of
the loan was the necessary consideration. Such guarantees are usually executed
simultaneously with the loan.

Problems have previously arisen where banks and other creditors have requested
guarantees to secure existing debts. These are not enforceable unless the bank
has provided subsequent consideration. However, the lender can get around this
by having the guarantee executed under seal, in which case consideration is not
a requirement.

As the guarantee is often not objectively in the best interests of the
guarantor, guarantors have historically claimed undue influence as a defence.
This could arise where the guarantee was given in response to pressure from
either the borrower or the bank in situations where the guarantor was at a
disadvantage.

Customers of banks have frequently claimed -- sometimes successfully -- to be at
such a disadvantage in their dealings with the bank. In part as a response to
this, it is now common practice for a lender to recommend that the guarantor
receive independent legal advice, although failure to do so does not necessarily
mean that the guarantee is invalid.

A guarantor is entitled to be clear about the liabilities covered by the
guarantee, which must be addressed in the contract. In practice, the guarantee
will often refer to "all monies", which includes present and future debts of the
guarantee, though it may also specify a class of liabilities or be capped at a
certain amount.

The guarantor is also entitled to rely on an agreed duration of the guarantee
and, if the creditor were to offer more time for the repayment of a debt, unless
the terms of the guarantee say otherwise, the guarantor may be entitled to a
discharge of the agreement.

The guarantor may also rely on any material variation of the terms of the
agreement between the principal and the creditor to invalidate the guarantee.
The 19th-century case of Holme v Brunskill established the principle that
guarantors can be released from a guarantee where the creditor and debtor agree
to alter their contractual position to the disadvantage of the guarantors,
without their prior consent.

Guarantors are entitled to be certain that their position will not be altered by
subsequent agreements between the lender and the guaranteed person or company.
This would include only enforceable agreements which are not beneficial to the
guarantor, and which relate to debts guaranteed by the guarantor.

The often broad scope of the guarantees and the lack of meaningful engagement
with debtors by the banks are factors in the increased number of people seeking
personal bankruptcy arrangements outside Ireland. It is yet another reason to
provide an improved, fair and equitable solution in this country for individuals
overcome by debt.

*Anthony Joyce is principal solicitor at Anthony Joyce & Co, Francis Street,
Dublin 2*

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   Herald Sun

                             May 28, 1992 Thursday

CASH 'NO' SINKS BAYSIDE BID

BYLINE: TOY M

LENGTH: 619 words


THE $700 million Bayside project in Port Melurne appears to have self-destructed
after the State Government reneged on a deal to guarantee up to $24 million to
secure funding.

The State Government now faces legal action from the developer, Sandridge City
Development Company, to recover more than $8 million it says it has spent on the
project.

The Herald-Sun has learnt that, under a secret agreement signed by the Deputy
Premier and Major Projects Minister, Mr Kennan, last November, the Government
was to guarantee a loan of $12.6 million plus capitalised interest (which would
total about $24 million) to allow the first stage of the project to start.

The guarantee was to have been secured by mortgages on the land.

The Government is now bracing itself for an Auditor-General's report, due out
soon, which is expected to be highly critical of its handling of Bayside.

The Opposition major projects spokesman, Mr Birrell, yesterday called on the
Government to "come clean" on what secret offers had been made.

The Government has spent five years and more than $50 million consolidating and
cleaning the site and another $20 million on public housing, but the 30ha former
contaminated industrial site remains a wasteland.

Under a deal, which was never made public, the Governmenpend another $8 million
building community facilities.

On the strength of the agreement Sandridge secured funding from French merchant
bank Credit Lyonnais and the ANZ plus an extra $3 million cash equity from its
shareholders for the first stage in March.

The pivotal Credit Lyonnais loan was for $12.6 million to be available
immediately with the balance (up to a total of $24.1 million) to be used for
capitalised interest payments.

It was to be secured by an unconditional Government guarantee to repay the money
by December 31, 1997.

It is understood opposition from Treasury to the guarantee forced Mr Kennan to
backtrack on the agreement to underwrite the project, citing dissatisfaction
with Sandridge's company structure and viability.

The Treasurer, Mr Sheehan, refused to comment.

When the Government did not provide the guarantee, the funding agreements
lapsed.

Sandridge terminated its relations with the Government on April 7 and is taking
legal action to recover more than $8 million it has spent on the project.

It is understood that the Auditor-General's report will say that the Government
may be liable for that amount.

Sandridge's chief executive, Mr Robert Peck, last night refused to comment.

The Government guarantee was to enable the first stage, the canals, land
reclaimation between Station and Princes piers and the first 295 housing lots,
to proceed.

In Parliament this week, Mr Kennan this blamed the problem on Sandridge's
inability to raise finance for the project and trouble with its shareholders.

Mr Kennan last night said the guarantee was always subject to the Government
being satisfied that the project was financially viable.

"The heads of agreement was like a signpost; it was not legally binding but a
framework for negotiations to lead to a final agreement," Mr Kennan said.

"The banking took a lot longer than originally thought and the Credit Lyonnais
facility was more expensive than originally envisaged." Bayside was launched in
1987 as a massive residential, tourism and office development. It was to include
two hotels, a 520-berth marine, tourism attractions on Station and Princes
piers, 295 houses and 397 apartments.

Last November the project was rejigged into a staged development concentrating
on housing due to the collapse of the commercial property market.

END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            July 29, 2015 Wednesday

Credit Guarantee Scheme: recoveries must be reimbursed in 10 days, banks told

BYLINE: RIZWAN BHATTI

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 207

LENGTH: 492  words


State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) has directed the banks and Microfinance Banks that
recoveries under Credit Guarantee Scheme (CGS) for Small and Rural Enterprises
may be reimbursed to SBP Banking Services Corporation BSC within 10 days.
Earlier, banks and Microfinance banks were required to remit proportionate share
of the Guarantee Scheme to State Bank within two working days.

According to SBP IH and SMEFD Circular Letter No. 11 of 2015 on Credit Guarantee
Scheme (CGS) for Small and Rural Enterprises issued to the Presidents/CEOs of
all Banks and Microfinance Banks in order to facilitate Participating Financial
Institutions (PFIs) and streamline procedure for the facility, some changes have
been made in the scheme. In order to create Developmental Impact on Small and
Rural Enterprises, PFIs would now adopt sector specific approach. For the
purpose, out of the total allocated limits, PFIs would lend 30 percent to
specific sectors, starting July 2015. This limit would increase to 50 percent in
second year and to 100 percent from third year onwards. The limits of only those
PFIs will be enhanced in future which will fully utilise their sector specific
limits. Moreover, PFIs would be required to intimate to SBP, 2 to 3 sectors for
the purpose, the circular said.

Guarantee claims may be lodged within 20 days after completion of quarter and
PFIs would also attach the e-CIB reports of the individuals'' cases for which
claims would be lodged. Recoveries under the subject scheme may be reimbursed to
SBP BSC within 10 days. In addition, reporting Form CG-1a has been merged with
CG-1. Moreover, the reporting formats CG-1, CG-2 and CG-4 have also been
revised.

The reporting frequency of CG-2 "Reporting of outstanding position of guaranteed
loans" has been changed from monthly to quarterly and the reporting of
"Reimbursement of recoveries on guaranteed loans" on CG-4 would now be made on a
monthly basis. According to SBP, the growth of Small and Rural Businesses is
imperative for any developing economy, however, access to formal finance for
this sector is a major problem hindering the growth of small and micro
enterprises, particularly in the rural areas.

Credit Guarantee Schemes are programmes that ensure partial repayment of a loan
in order to motivate lenders to lend to borrowers which would not have access to
credit under normal circumstances. The loans for short term working capital and
medium-term for a period up to 3 (three) years, with maximum amount of Rs 15.0
(fifteen) million for Small Enterprises and Rs 2.0 (two) million for farmers
with economic landholding, are to be guaranteed under the Scheme.

The seed money for the scheme is being provided by the UK''s Department for
International Development under the Financial Inclusion Program (FIP) and the
federal government, with the option of later being bolstered up through further
allocation of funds from other sources including international/bilateral
agencies.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            September 2, 2012 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

AJC Special Report watching your tax dollars;
Plant warnings rejected

BYLINE: Dan Chapman; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2764 words



HIGHLIGHT: At least $75 million lost on Range Fuels in Georgia, despite
officials' doubts.


It was the weekend before Christmas 2008 and Hosein Shapouri, a senior economist
with the U.S. Department of Agriculture in Washington, was ordered to work.

His bosses needed an analysis done quickly of a proposed wood-to-ethanol factory
in mid-Georgia. The Bush administration was leaving office the following month,
and USDA officials wanted the deal sealed by then, Shapouri surmised.

In a blistering critique obtained by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Shapouri
labeled the proposed Range Fuels plant "a high-risk venture" that should raise
"a red flag." Three weeks later, top USDA officials approved the loan guarantee
anyway.

Today, the Georgia plant's failure is well-documented. The Soperton facility
closed last year without producing a drop of usable ethanol. Taxpayers lost at
least $75 million.

But an in-depth analysis by the AJC reveals that taxpayer money for Range Fuels
was approved despite repeated warnings and strong opposition by some of the
federal officials who vetted the project.

Other officials nonetheless favored giving Range access to as much as $162
million, including $6.2 million from the state of Georgia, according to
documents obtained via the Freedom of Information Act.

Government support for alternative energy has become a hot-button political
issue, pitting the promise of energy independence against the prudent use of tax
dollars. Both the Bush and Obama administrations strongly supported Range, which
was expected to showcase the feasibility of cellulosic ethanol, as did
politicians of both parties keen to bring jobs to Georgia.

Washington continues to hand out grants and guarantees for the commercially
unproven technology, which attempts to turn wood pulp, not corn, into fuel for
cars and trucks. Last month, the USDA approved a $99 million loan guarantee for
a North Carolina grass-to-fuel factory.

Critics say giving taxpayer dollars to deep-pocketed corporations and
billionaire entrepreneurs like Vinod Khosla, the primary financial backer for
Range Fuels, is folly.

They liken the Range fiasco to the failure of Solyndra, the solar energy project
that received $535 million in federal guarantees and produced only political
heat for the Obama administration.

"Solyndra had a lack of due diligence just as Range Fuels did," said Sam
Shelton, founding director of the Strategic Energy Institute at Georgia Tech.
"It really hurts me to see Energy and Agriculture department monies poured down
the drain. Government should be involved in a lot of things, but
commercialization of technologies isn't one of them."

The documents obtained by the AJC show that three USDA officials who vetted the
project favored it. Three opposed it. And three others who made critical
comments had their opinions redacted.

Federal officials say they learned valuable lessons from the Range Fuels
collapse and have established safeguards to prevent recurrences.

"While the Agency is disappointed that this one company did not succeed ... it
is important to remember that USDA has a long history of successful lending that
supports rural homeowners, business owners, utilities and cooperatives," the
agency said in a statement emailed to the AJC. The USDA says the delinquency
rate on more than 1 million loans is a scant 2.16 percent, although relatively
few involve alternative energy.

Shapouri, now retired, said decision-makers dismissed Range's many, easily
detectable faults.

"Nobody ever expected them to produce anything," he said in an interview. "I
told them not to finance it. They didn't listen to me. They decided to rush,
rush, rush and give them the money."

Push for alternatives

2007 was a heady time for the alternative energy industry, especially cellulosic
ethanol projects that promised to turn Georgia's abundance of pine trees into
liquid gold while weaning the nation from imported oil and corn-based ethanol.

Khosla, the billionaire co-founder of computer giant Sun Microsystems, announced
in February the construction of the nation's first pine-scrap-to-ethanol factory
in Soperton, about 155 miles southeast of Atlanta.

Three weeks later, U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman unveiled $385 million in
grants to six cellulosic ethanol projects around the country, including $76
million for Range.

A University of Georgia study estimated the economic impact to struggling
Treutlen County at $106 million a year. Nearly 200 people would find work at the
factory, with suppliers and at nearby businesses.

With its lender, AgSouth Farm Credit in Statesboro, the Colorado company applied
for an $80 million loan guarantee via the 2008 farm bill. Such loan guarantees
allow projects to arrange risk-free financing.

Between 2002 and 2006, Range's technology had undergone 12,000 hours of testing
in Colorado, using a variety of raw materials and operating conditions,
according to the company's feasibility study obtained by the AJC. But Range
withheld some details, calling them "proprietary."

Kevin Hicks, a USDA biofuels expert who helped review the loan guarantee, wrote
in March 2009 that he and some colleagues didn't have enough information and
questioned plowing millions of dollars into so much unproven technology.

"Building a new manufacturing facility with one or two new processes is a risk,"
the USDA researchers wrote. "Building a new facility with 51 percent new
processes presents enormous risk."

Hicks, who declined comment for this article, and colleagues added that
"numerous other technical challenges exist." Still, they wrote, the project has
"merit and is more advanced in its planning than many of the other second
generation biofuel projects to this date." His final opinion was among those
redacted.

'Alarm' raised

Even Range backers voiced concerns. Judy Raskind, a USDA rural development
official, said in documents obtained by the AJC, "the risks and uncertainties of
these still unproven technologies are consequential." Nonetheless, Raskind
"strongly recommended" that Range receive the guarantee.

"The opportunities for Range Fuels to be successful are strong," she wrote. The
"project is considered by the industry to have the greatest chance for success
because of its robust economic viability and strong financial backing."

Georgia officials, for their part, wholeheartedly supported a $6.2 million grant
for the venture, mainly for the purchase of machinery. Treutlen County gave the
company nearly 100 acres and tax abatements worth $33 million.

Yet a September 2007 memo from the Georgia Department of Community Affairs,
obtained by the AJC via an open records request, noted that "the research is
still years away from being completed and as of yet is unproven."

Some federal officials suspected Range wouldn't be able to produce any ethanol,
only methanol, a cheap and common additive used in plastics, paints, fuel and
windshield wiper fluid.

By 2008 Range had scaled back production estimates from 40 million gallons of
ethanol and 9 million gallons of methanol a year to 12 million gallons each.

The shift "should raise a red flag to any additional federal funding of the
project until the discrepancy is resolved," Shapouri, the USDA economist, wrote.

Hicks and fellow researchers also predicted that, by the time the federal money
ran out, the "plant will probably not make ethanol on an economically viable
basis." Later, the USDA approved the switch-over to majority methanol
production.

"That's when the first alarm bell should've gone off," said Robert Rapier, a
chemical engineer whose R-Squared blog is widely read across the energy
industry. "They went from promising something that had never been done before to
something that was invented 100 years ago."

Range's finances also raised red flags. Anthony Ashby, a USDA loan analyst who
opposed the project, said Range lacked "cash flow" and needed more money before
proceeding to later production phases, creating "a high level of risk for the
government."

Ben Anderson, one of the USDA's top administrators for rural development
programs, said Range's financing was "not consistent" with the agency's lending
rules for alternative energy projects.

"The financing structure provides the potential for a larger Federal Government
risk and exposure," Anderson, who also opposed the project, wrote in January
2009.

After missing a production deadline and struggling financially, Range finally
raised enough money by February 2010 for the USDA to issue the loan guarantee.
But technical difficulties plagued the plant throughout the year. A major
investor pulled out.

The Soperton factory was mothballed in early 2011. The Energy Department
terminated its agreement with Range, thereby "reducing future financial risk for
the American taxpayers."

The agency said the final steps in producing usable ethanol "could not be
successfully demonstrated with the time and funding available in this project."

Lessons learned

The USDA now requires more technical and financial information before, and
after, approval of a loan guarantee.

"Obviously, hindsight is perfect," said Brian Williamson, deputy commissioner of
the Georgia Department of Community Affairs. "If we got the same deal tomorrow,
we would use what we experienced from Range and learn from it."

Another alternative energy company --- also backed by Khosla --- bought the
foreclosed factory for $5.1 million and plans to produce ethanol via a different
method.

Williamson said the new company --- which is using the taxpayer-funded machinery
but not getting additional aid --- expects to one day honor the job-creation
goals that triggered Georgia's grant to Range Fuels.

The breakdown of taxpayer losses includes $43.6 million from DOE and $32 million
from USDA. Georgia's loss is $6.2 million --- unless the factory's new owners
succeed.

The Energy and Agriculture departments continue to make loans to still-unproven
cellulosic ethanol and other renewable energy ventures.

Over the last two years, the agencies have dispensed more than $500 million in
loan guarantees for projects that promise to turn solid waste, animal fat and
cooking oil into fuel.

In August 2011, the Obama administration announced the investment of $510
million to produce specialized biofuels to fuel military and civilian planes and
vehicles.

Khosla declined comment for this story. Earlier this year, though, he told the
AJC, "you have to take risks to do any innovation and have breakthroughs in
cost. ... The whole role of the Energy Department program was to encourage
innovation. People forget that."

Rapier, the energy expert and Khosla critic, said only scientifically sound
projects are worthy of federal funding.

"But if you go out there and make claims and take taxpayer money and don't
deliver," he added, "you hurt the ability to raise money for realistic projects,
and you sour taxpayers on biofuels."

In-Depth coverage

We have followed the costly Range Fuels saga from the company's announcement of
an alternative energy factory in Georgia to its bankruptcy and beyond. For this
report, we filed open records requests and reviewed more than 2,000 pages of
federal and state documents to take a deeper look at the Georgia project and the
millions of taxpayer dollars lost on it.

RANGE FUELS TIMELINE

February 2007: California dot-com billionaire Vinod Khosla announces the
nation's first wood-to-ethanol plant to be built in Soperton. The Range Fuels
plant also receives $76 million from the U.S. Department of Energy.

November 2007: Groundbreaking for cellulosic ethanol factory.

December 2008: Federal researchers and economists review Range's proposal for an
$80 million loan guarantee from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

January 2009: USDA conditionally approves $80 million loan guarantee for Range.

February 2010: USDA issues the loan guarantee.

December 2010: A major investor pulls out. The DOE quits giving money to Range.

January 2011: Soperton factory ceases operation, and Range soon declares
bankruptcy.

January 2012: Foreclosed factory is sold for $5.1 million.

|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||

How we got the story

Dan Chapman has followed the Range Fuels saga since the Colorado company
announced in early 2007 the construction of an alternative energy factory in
mid-Georgia. When the company went bankrupt and closed, the AJC dug into the
company's finances and its ability to tap $600 million in state and federal
grants and loans for projects across the country. For this story, the AJC used
open records requests and reviewed more than 2,000 pages of federal and state
documents to look harder at the Georgia project and the tax dollars lost on it.

Published In the AJC:

JAN. 15, 2012: 'GEORGIA FAILURE REFLECTS SNAGS OVER ETHANOL'

Ethanol ventures backed by billionaire entrepreneur Vinod Khosla --- including
Range Fuels, which built a failed factory in Georgia --- were given the green
light for about $600 million in federal and state subsidies, according to an
analysis by The Atlanta Journal- Constitution. Yet none of the dozen or so
companies financed or controlled by Khosla during the past decade has produced
commercially viable ethanol. Some failed or, hamstrung by unproven technology
and insufficient capital, remain behind schedule. Others bet on new
technologies. To date, the companies have tapped about $250 million of the $600
million. Though they are now unlikely to ever receive the full amounts, tens of
millions have been lost.

Jan. 5, 2012: 'Georgians on the hook for failed ethanol facility'

Range Fuels, the failed wood-to-ethanol factory, was sold for pennies on the
dollar. Its buyer is a company that is backed by the same man who bankrolled and
helped secure government loans for Range Fuels before it went bust last year.
California entrepreneur Vinod Khosla is the main financial backer of LanzaTech,
the New Zealand-based biofuel company that paid $5.1 million Tuesday for the
plant . LanzaTech hasn't received the same type of federal and state loans as
Range Fuels, but the company has received $7 million from the U.S. departments
of Energy and Transportation to assist in the development of alternative fuels.
The Range fiasco harkens other, failed renewable energy companies that received
major taxpayer funding. California solar panel maker Solyndra got $535 million
in federal loan guarantees.

Feb. 20, 2011: 'Biofuel dreams running on vapor'

Four years ago, in a muddy Mitchell County field, Georgia entered the big
leagues of biomass production. Ground was broken in January 2007 outside Camilla
for the largest biofuel factory in the Southeast. Politicians one-upped one
another with paeans to plans for the lowly corn cob that would bring 300 jobs to
rural South Georgia, pump $267 million into the state economy, scrub the
nation's polluted air and break dependence on foreign oil. One day, the dreamers
said, Georgia would turn corn, pine trees, yeast, soy beans, peanut shells ---
any rapidly grown feed stock --- into gasoline for cars or diesel for trucks.
Alternative energy factories would dot the countryside. Georgia would be
transformed into the "Saudi Arabia of biomass." Four years later, the state's
alternative energy future is hobbled. Southwest Georgia Ethanol, the
corn-to-fuel factory in Camilla, filed for bankruptcy earlier this month. Range
Fuels, the state's prized cellulosic (i.e., not corn) ethanol factory in
Soperton, closed its doors in January. Biodiesel plants in Atlanta, Rome, Perry
and beyond have either curtailed or ceased production. Today, Georgia only
boasts a few unsexy wood-pellet factories. Visions of an alternative fuel mecca
remain foggy, even after local, state and federal agencies pumped tens of
millions of tax dollars into two dozen biomass ventures.

Feb. 12, 2011: 'Plant closure bursts Ga.'s biomass bubble'

The premise, and the promise, were brilliant in their simplicity: Turn tree
waste into fuel, help break the Middle Eastern choke hold on America's economy
and bring hundreds of jobs to rural Georgia. What wasn't there to like? Plenty,
starting with the closing last month of the Range Fuels cellulosic ethanol
factory that promised to help make Georgia a national leader in alternative
energy production. Then there's the money --- more than $162 million in local,
state and federal grants, loans and other subsidies committed to the venture.
Much of that has been spent; recovery would be difficult. Officials at
Colorado-based Range Fuels, who didn't return calls for this story, have said
they plan to eventually reopen the Soperton plant. But critics --- ranging from
budget hawks to renewable energy experts to dispirited locals --- say the
shutdown is a case of good money thrown at unproven science and lofty promises.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                 March 29, 2009
                                   Edition 1

Banks let 120 small firms go under every day;
The government claims its Enterprise Finance Guarantee scheme is working but
small firms insist the banks are still applying it unfairly.

BYLINE: Rachel Bridge

SECTION: BUSINESS;BUSINESS; Pg. 8,9

LENGTH: 3060 words


When Frank Stevens asked Barclays bank for a £500,000 loan to help pay for a
showroom at his boat business in Weymouth, they said yes - on condition he first
deposit the same amount, £500,000.

He was astounded. He said: "I couldn't believe it when they told me. If I had
the money in the first place I wouldn't need to go the bank to borrow it."
Stevens' experience is by no means unique. Happily for him, the money he needed
was to expand his already thriving business. For many other small firms, though,
the money they seek will spell the difference between survival and disaster.

When the government unveiled its Enterprise Finance Guarantee (EFG) scheme a few
months ago to help small firms that were facing temporary cash-flow problems,
there were loud cheers from Britain's small-business community.

With delayed payments from customers who owed money adding to the problem of
declining sales, the promise of an instant injection of cash to tide them over
was extremely appealing. With the government pledging to back £1.3 billion in
loans and overdrafts with a 75% guarantee so as to encourage banks to lend, they
thought they could at last begin to sleep more easily.

Sadly, it hasn't quite turned out that way. Britain's highstreet banks are still
refusing to lend to small businesses and the consequences are proving
catastrophic. About 120 small firms are going bust every day and thousands more
are teetering on the brink of bankruptcy.

As a result, 36,000 small firms are expected to close this year, according to
BDO Stoy Hayward, the business adviser, causing the loss of 150,000 jobs.

A large part of the blame, claim the firms, lies squarely with the banks, which
are putting up every kind of obstacle to stop them getting the financial help
they need.

Over the past few weeks The Sunday Times has received dozens of e-mails from
smallbusiness owners who have been refused a loan under the EFG scheme or who
are struggling with the hurdles involved in accessing it. And this is just the
tip of the iceberg.

Steve Hay, of the accountancy firm 2020, said: "Every one of my clients who has
applied for EFG has been knocked back. I haven't heard of anybody getting a loan
under this scheme.

They get to a first meeting with the bank and that is as far as it gets. The
banks have no interest in lending money." Indeed, anecdotal evidence suggests
many of the loans that are being made under the EFG scheme are not actually new
funding at all, but merely a transfer of an existing loan or overdraft facility
with a small top-up into the scheme.

The banks are certainly not going out of their way to be helpful. Small
businesses applying for funding say that getting a response of any kind can take
several weeks.

David Hallett is the managing director of Carrot Fitness, a health and fitness
club in Stourbridge, in the West Midlands.

He said: "We thought that the introduction of a new scheme would help, but it
hasn't made a blind bit of difference. The bank doesn't return our calls and
their attitude on the telephone is not at all helpful." Small-business
organisations say firms, many of which have been with the same bank for years
and know the manager personally, feel betrayed by the shift in attitude.

Stephen Alambritis at the Federation of Small Businesses (FSB) said: "Firms are
feeling let down by a bank manager who wanted to know them for the past 10 years
but now all of a sudden isn't returning their phone calls." One of the biggest
bones of contention is that, even though the government has said banks should
not take small-business owners' homes as security for a loan or overdraft made
under the EFG, in practice this is exactly what they are doing.

Huw Radley has been trying to negotiate an overdraft facility of £250,000 with
Royal Bank of Scotland to support his business Solent Composite Systems, based
near Portsmouth, which provides technology and manufacturing for the energy
industry. Having initially been prepared to provide an overdraft backed by an
unsupported personal guarantee, RBS is now demanding he put up his home as
security, something Radley is refusing to do.

He said: "No amount of discussion or argument will get RBS away from that
stance, and of late we are barely on speaking terms as a result of their endless
intransigence. We have been in business for five years, and until now have never
had any need for any loans.

I'm incredibly frustrated." Aiden Kelly, who owns Pearce Security, a specialist
manufacturing business in Gateshead, was also asked to put up his home as
security. He applied for a £100,000 loan under the EFG, of which £30,000 was to
replace an unsuitable factoring agreement, to help him meet new orders. He said:
"I am frustrated and angry, partly because what the government is saying and
what the banks are saying is 100% contradictory. The government can say all it
wants about helping small businesses, but if the banks don't want to do it then
they're not going to. That is the problem." Banks are also demanding a whole new
raft of personal details and information that would never have been required in
the past.

Roger Paine is the managing director of Video Meeting

International, a small videoconferencing business based in Cheltenham. When he
unsuccessfully applied for a £30,000 loan under the EFG, he discovered that the
bank was more interested in looking at his personal circumstances than the
business plan and cash-flow projections he presented.

He said: "The banks are not basing their lending decisions on the viability of
the business, the business expansion plans, cash-flow projections and current
and previous trading history as they should be doing, and as the government
states that they are, but on irrelevant personal credit information.

"Apparently this is a new procedure that all the banks are doing without letting
businesses know at the beginning of the scheme. The EFG scheme is a complete and
utter joke and a waste of time and doesn't help small businesses that
desperately need funding now - not in five weeks' time." Meanwhile, the
government has made a difficult situation a hundred times worse, say small
firms, by suspending the highly popular Small Firms Loan Guarantee (SFLG) scheme
when the EFG was launched.

The SFLG scheme was run on similar lines to the EFG, but without the need for
such stringent security requirements.

While it was privately loathed by the banks that had to administer it, it was
much loved by small-business owners.

The SFLG scheme - in which the government guaranteed 75% of loans made by the
banks to small businesses of between £5,000 and £250,000 for up to 10 years -
helped businesses such as The Body Shop, Waterstone's and Coffee Republic to
expand and grow.

Axing it without warning delivered a double whammy to small firms, which
expected to be able to benefit from it this year. For them, the government's
actions have made their situation infinitely more precarious.

Hay, at 2020, said the loss of the SFLG had delivered a body blow to many small
businesses. "The SFLG has been around for many years and it has always worked,"
he said. "It was a real shot in the arm for some firms. The rules were clear and
there for all to see, and to suddenly stop that scheme and replace it with
something else is absolutely crazy. All they needed to do was change the rules
of the old scheme very slightly.

"There is no rhyme nor reason to it. A lot of small companies are really going
to struggle this year without the SFLG.

Instead of making it better, the government has actually made the situation 100%
worse." John Evans is director of JRE, based in the Midlands. He said that his
firm had in the past received funding from the SFLG and paid it back in full,
but he was refused help under the EFG scheme.

He said the provision of the EFG should be taken out of the hands of the
high-street banks.

"I suggest that we tell the banks to repay all publicprovided funds and set up
the Post Office with the capability of putting these monies into the community
by the provision of lending by mortgages and overdrafts with proper commercial
rules," he said.

"They have the regional infrastructure and could occupy the redundant bank
buildings." Small businesses are also angry that the government has failed to
impose specific controls and conditions on the way the banks lend money under
the EFG.

Alambritis at the FSB said that although the government had attempted to do the
right thing by making £1.3 billion available for small firms, it had made a
fundamental mistake by not putting more conditions in place as to how the banks
should distribute it.

"The government had good intentions to bail out the banks in order to bail out
small businesses, but what it should have done is been a bit smarter and paid
the banks in instalments, pending evidence that they were passing on the money
to small businesses.

"The banks are hoodwinking the government by allowing their branch managers to
turn people away. The frustration of small businesses is that the banks have
been bailed out and helped, and so small businesses then had their expectations
raised that it was their turn to be helped out by the banks, but that didn't
happen." Justin Hunt, who owns a business doing commercial contracts for grounds
maintenance in East Anglia, thinks the banks and the government could be doing a
lot more to support small firms. He said: "Britain is not a businessfriendly
country. When push comes to shove, it is the individual who takes the risk - all
of it and with absolutely no help from government or any banks.

"Help doesn't have to be financial - it could be tax breaks or an easing of red
tape, in particular health-and-safety bureaucracy or even bringing in
legislation to force companies to pay their bills on time.

" I get fed up hearing idiots from the government who have never taken a risk in
their life or even had a vaguely productive job, telling us how things should be
done, or vacillating about how much the government is doing to help the
small-business community that they always proclaim is the lifeblood of the
economy. It leaves me in despair." Hugh Scott, managing director of
data-leakage-prevention firm ASL Security, which has 12 employees and an annual
turnover of £1m, is also disillusioned with his bank.

He said: "I submitted a business plan to HSBC before Christmas 2008 and the
local commercial manager came to see us and agreed a £50,000 overdraft. I
offered a personal guarantee and a debenture on the company.

"This was all agreed and the security was taken in February. No sooner was the
security in place, however, than HSBC changed its mind, blaming the EFG scheme,
something it had never mentioned before and offered us only a £20,000 overdraft.
On the back of the agreed facility, I took on two new salesmen.

HSBC is unwinding the security and has refunded all charges, but what a waste of
time and effort." Frank Stevens, meanwhile, who had hoped to build his new
showroom and visitor facility at his Weymouth boat business in time for the
Olympics, believes that the real problem is that local bank managers are no
longer allowed to make lending decisions.

He has already obtained full planning permission for the new building and
amassed a deposit of £250,000 to put towards the £750,000 cost - but without a
£500,000 loan from the bank is not able to get started.

He said: "The banks are just doing everything in their power to bolster their
balance sheets. I had a meeting with the regional director and he admitted that
they were not interested in taking on any new business. I feel very frustrated
because the problem with the banks is they are just taking a global view and
they are not looking at individual cases. In our case we are sitting literally
300 yards from the site of the sailing Olympics.

We might be a bubble that is doing extremely well, but the banks should take
account of that." Small firms feel that the high-street banks are letting them
down in other ways, too.

A survey of small firms carried out by the UK200 Group, an association of
independent professionals including lawyers and accountants, found that almost
half of the respondents said their banks had imposed changes to overdrafts or
loans, with 27% claiming that these changes had taken place without notice. Of
those surveyed, 13.5% said they had had their overdraft or loan facilities
removed altogether.

And a recent survey of 6,000 small businesses by the FSB found that 18% of those
taking part said there had been an increase in bank fees compared with last
year.

Most respondents said that the interest rate they were being charged on
overdrafts and loans was being kept at between 5 and 10 percentage points above
Bank rate. A third of the small firms asked said their bank was less helpful now
than it had been before the credit crunch began.

Small-business organisations are now calling on the banks to act fast to prevent
the terrible consequences of their continuing failure to lend.

Alambritis said that the expected loss of some 36,000 small businesses this year
would be a tragedy for the whole country. "When small businesses close down they
rarely reappear. So you lose that diversity and that choice for consumers.

"Big companies like car giants will close branches and factories and downscale
and stop making a certain car. But a small business just closes down and the
livelihood of the entrepreneur goes as well." Phil Orford, chief executive of
the Forum of Private Business, added: "The consequence of small businesses not
being able to access adequate finance from lenders is stark - a great many more
could be forced to close. Cash must start flowing for the sake of small
businesses and the economy as a whole.

Time is of the essence."

THE ENTERPRISE FINANCE GUARANTEE

THE Enterprise Finance Guarantee scheme was set up by the government this year
with the aim of helping viable small businesses that were facing temporary
cash-flow difficulties - because of late payments from creditors, for example.

The funding of £1.3 billion, which can be given in the form of loans or
overdrafts, is 75% guaranteed by the government and is available to small
businesses that have a turnover of up to £25m.

The loans, which are made by high-street banks, can vary in size from £1,000 to
£1m and run for a period of up to 10 years..

The government has expressly stated that banks are not allowed to demand a
family home as security.

They are, though, entitled to ask for personal guarantees of up to 100% from the
owners of the business.

Baroness Vadera, the minister for small business, said that the scheme - part of
a package of funding measures announced by the government - had so far received
eligible applications totalling £115m.

With applications running at a rate of £30m a week, the £1.3 billion should be
distributed within the year, as planned..

WHAT FIRMS NEED: OUR MANIFESTO n A speedy response.

High-street banks are taking six weeks and longer to respond to applications for
funding under the Enterprise Finance Guarantee scheme. But small businesses
often need the money quickly to pay wages at the end of the week or buy stock to
fulfil orders. At the very least the banks should answer their letters and
return their phone calls.

A firm commitment from the banks that they will stop demanding security over
business owners' homes, in line with the government's recommendations.

Greater power to be given to local bank managers to make lending decisions
instead of a faceless credit controller at head office.

Branch managers know their local market and the businesses that are operating in
it. Also, the ability to build a personal relationship between a business and
the bank benefits both sides.

Proper advance notice that existing banking arrangements are about to be changed
or new charges introduced.

A greater level of understanding from the banks about the challenges small
businesses are facing today. Firms that may have been doing well only six months
ago could be struggling now through no fault of their own and they need
practical help, not lectures or blame..

HITTING A BRICK WALL

Lloyds gets too personal

LYNDA GAULD, left, owns public-affairs consultancy Bacchus in Edinburgh.

She contacted her bank, Lloyds TSB, to request a small increase of £3,000 in her
business overdraft, only to be told that it would not be approved because she
was overdrawn on her personal account with the same bank.

She said: "This was not an issue when I had the initial business overdraft and a
business credit card agreed a year ago.

We have a cash-flow blip just now and corporation tax due, but the bank wanted
me to use the remaining funds in the business account to settle the personal
account, or to take out a repayment loan to pay off the personal-account
overdraft.

I'm very annoyed.

"Instead of assisting a small company that is solvent and in good shape, with an
additional £60,000 of contracts signed up and not yet started, with great
prospects, we get our personal accounts raked over. My personal financial
standing should not have any bearing on my business account, which is exemplary.
I have banked with Lloyds TSB for 30 years but am so annoyed I am now in the
process of moving my business account elsewhere."

TROUBLE IN STORE

I'm disappointed and let down by the banks

JOHN POTTER, left, owns three Area clothes shops in southern England selling
ladies' fashionwear and accessories, which between them generate a turnover of
more than £1.5m. He applied for a loan under the Enterprise Finance Guarantee
scheme from Barclays to get some additional working capital but was turned down.

He had been asked by the bank to provide valuations and details of existing
mortgage commitments on the directors' main homes, even though the government
has expressly said that banks are not entitled to ask for security based on the
owner's main residence..

"I feel disappointed and let down by Barclays," said Potter. "I also feel that
they are not operating in the spirit of the scheme that was intended by the
government.

We are very happy to provide full personal guarantees because we believe in the
business so much. But I am not happy about Barclays asking for mortgage security
on my home, which is specifically excluded from the scheme.

"Clearly the scheme is not working. The government may have good intentions, but
I think that the money that has been provided to the banks is just not getting
through to small businesses."

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ZACHARY CULPIN
Left adrift by his bank: Frank Stevens couldn't get a loan to expand his firm
Blue Water Horizons

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            April 4, 2007, Wednesday

Putnam panel nixes museum resolution

BYLINE: EVADNA BARTLETT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 567 words


FOR THE DAILY MAIL

WINFIELD-Neither the possibility of lower interest on a parks board loan or the
potential of a lawsuit could move two Putnam County commissioners to adopt a
resolution supporting the rescue of the financially ailing Museum in the
Community.

The resolution presented Tuesday by the Project Ignite task force of community
business professionals called for the commission "to endorse and support" the
county parks board acquisition of the museum building and its $680,000 debt.

The proposal urged that rather than assume management of the facility in Valley
Park, the parks board would lease the building to the museum board and the two
independent agencies would coordinate activities and scheduling.

A motion by commissioner Gary Tillis to accept the "symbolic resolution" died
for lack of a second, but proponents said discussions would continue.

County commissioners previously asked the parks board to look at the issue
because the museum building is on park property, Commissioner Steve Andes said.

However, the parks board already owes Putnam County Bank more than $109,000 on
its own facilities.

"You don't take on more debt unless you have a way to pay it off," Andes said.
"This is a roundabout way to take taxpayer's dollars."

Such a scenario could spur a lawsuit, officials said. A judge could rule the
parks board was unjustly enriched by allowing the construction on its land and
should pay on its loan, commission lawyer Jennifer Scragg said.

"Or a court could say, 'Too bad, bank, you knew you didn't have collateral',"
she said.

For its part, Putnam County Bank, traditionally very supportive of county
programs, has been accepting interest only on the 15-year loan at its 3.99
percent rate. But there has been no reduction in the principal in two years,
said Daniel Roberts, vice president and senior lending officer at the bank.

"This is essentially an unsecured loan," Roberts said. "We need some action
here."

If a deal was reached, the bank likely would restructure the loans, perhaps
extending repayment and lowering the higher interest rate on the parks' debt, he
said.

While Roberts urged approval of the resolution, museum board member Harvey
Peyton said there is no guarantee the two groups can reach an accord.

"There's a lot to be worked out," he said. "But there is no reason for this
museum to close. It's a great asset."

Peyton described the $1.9 million Museum of the Community as a state-of-the-art
facility and a teaching institution.

Former state senator Oshel Craigo, a member of the Project Ignite task force,
predicted that failing to rescue the museum would have long-term consequences.
It could adversely affect the county bond rating, he said.

"You may not have a legal obligation to pay this debt," he said. "You have a
moral obligation."

In other business Tuesday, commissioners interviewed and rated three engineering
firms, picked from 12 applicants, on their initial plans for the Jim Ridge water
project in the northeastern part of the county.

Andes repeated his frustration with state rules that prohibit any discussion of
payment rates until negotiations formally begin with the top-ranked firm for the
$200,000 Small Cities Block Grant project.

In the end the commission agreed to pay QK4, a national firm with offices in
Putnam County, $183,000 as projected in the grant application for the design
work.

Contact writer Evadna Bartlett at evadna@dailymail.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             April 5, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hospitals' bad blood spills over into court

BYLINE: Mary Ann Roser maroser@statesman.com American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 496 words


A feud between two hospitals half a mile apart in Lakeway is escalating.

A new, unopened hospital in the Lake Travis community is suing a larger hospital
on accusations of breaching a contract and revealing trade secrets.

The suit, filed Tuesday in state District Court in Travis County, is another
twist in a years-long saga between two hospitals that had been vying to be the
first to serve Lakeway.

Now Lake Travis Specialty Hospital claims that Lakeway Regional Medical Center
made overtures three years ago about buying or leasing the specialty hospital
for $1.5 million, including assuming its debts. The 46-bed Lake Travis hospital
entered into a confidentiality agreement with the 106-bed Lakeway Regional in
May 2009, the suit says. But in November 2009, Lakeway Regional, "out of the
blue and in the midst of ongoing negotiations," used private information to its
own benefit and shared it with others, the suit says.

Specifically, Lakeway Regional, which plans to open this month, applied for and
received the largest loan guarantee that the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development had ever given to a for-profit hospital: $166.9 million. That
guarantee "will save an estimated $91.2 million in interest expense over the
life of the loan," HUD said.

In seeking that loan, Lakeway Regional shared confidential information that Lake
Travis had provided during the acquisition negotiations, Lake Travis lawyer Abe
Kuczaj said.

"They are seeking the damages that were caused when the hospital misappropriated
our trade secrets," Kuczaj said. "They turned around and used those trade
secrets with HUD to save more than $90 million."

He added that the specialty hospital at 2200 RM 620 South still hopes to open.

Lawyers and officials with the $210 million Lakeway Regional at 3000 RM 620
South and an affiliate also named in the suit, Surgical Development Partners in
Ohio and Tennessee, did not return calls for comment.

The two hospitals had been hurt by changes in federal law several years ago.
Lake Travis had planned to open as a long-term rehabilitation hospital, but
Medicare issued a moratorium on licensing such facilities, the suit says. Around
that time, the U.S. government said it would not allow new doctor-owned
facilities to open, affecting physician investors who had planned to own Lakeway
Regional. Lake Travis changed gears to become a general acute care hospital,
like Lakeway Regional, and broke ground first.

Lakeway Regional then approached with the hope of acquiring the smaller hospital
and avoiding the ban on physician-owned hospitals, the suit says.

But after Lake Travis Specialty Hospital learned about the HUD loan, it sued HUD
to obtain information about the loan. U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks of Austin
last year ordered HUD to turn over most of the documents and said HUD had
behaved unacceptably and should pay Lake Travis Specialty Hospital $10,350 to
cover its lawyer fees and $350 in litigation costs.

Contact Mary Ann Roser at

445-3619

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            August 14, 2001 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Your funds valued cheaply

BYLINE: Tony Harris

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 742 words


Canberra and Brisbane are wasting public money on a speculative and risky deal,
argues Tony Harris.

The Queensland and Federal governments say their $200 million package for the
Australian Magnesium Corporation announced last week is essential for the $1.3
billion magnesium plant planned for central Queensland. But this type of
government assistance is loaded with risks. Indeed, the only thing certain is
that the economy will lose.

The risks started earlier, when the two governments spent or promised their
first $200 million to subsidise AMC's energy and infrastructure costs and to
prove the new technology that AMC intends to apply to its project. But this was
not enough.

Even though AMC has a contract from the Ford motor company for half the plant's
90,000 tonnes-a-year production of magnesium metals and a $932 million debt
facility, it could not convince investors to contribute the equity needed for
the project.

AMC had to abort its equity raising last month when it was $100 million short of
its $680 million equity target.

The Queensland Government quickly filled the gap with taxpayers' money. It acted
to reduce "the amount of equity that needs to be raised from $680 million to
about $500 million" by replacing equity with government debt, and to make "that
equity offer more attractive to an investment community" by funding a dividend
stream before the company earns a profit stream.

The Queensland Government offered a $100 million subordinated, interest-bearing
loan and convinced the Commonwealth to guarantee a further $100 million loan,
making their total contribution worth about $400 million.

AMC said the equity shortfall was merely a result of bad timing, but the size
and urgency of the two governments' responses suggest the investment community
is not convinced the project or its technology is viable.

This is one concern: while ministers say their intervention is necessary, they
also claim it is riskless.

The Queensland Premier, Peter Beattie, says AMC will repay Queensland's
subordinated loan. Indeed, the loan "will have no impact on the State Budget".

The Commonwealth Industry Minister, Nick Minchin, is confident that the
Commonwealth guarantee, advanced to AMC for no charge no doubt, will not even be
used.

In reality, the financial package will subsidise equity while having less
security and earnings than the banks' debt funds.

A second risk is that Pima Mining, which plans to develop a 70,000 tonne-a-year
magnesium smelter in South Australia, will demand commensurate government
assistance for its Port Pirie project.

Pima has some State financial assistance, has contracts to sell its entire
annual output of magnesium metals and will use proven technology, but it is
threatening to take its plant to New Zealand unless the Federal Government is as
generous to it as it has been to AMC.

That risk to taxpayers is already developing roots. Minchin, who represents
South Australia, told The Advertiser: "We will provide support if we are
convinced the [Pima] project will go to another country. We can't operate on the
basis of companies saying [they'll] go to another country if we don't give them
more."

Pima is developing its claim for federal assistance by arguing that a move to
New Zealand would save the company $10 million to $16 million annually through
lower labour and energy charges, but the real argument is about the electoral
consequences of

the Howard Government's refusing to subsidise the South Australian project,
given its generous behaviour towards Queensland.

The third risk is that the public will believe ministers who emphasise the good
that intervention can achieve while understating its costs.

Queensland's Budget-neutral financial package will, Beattie says, "see the birth
of a new industry for Queensland which will generate $4.5 billion of investments
... and create new jobs for 7,000 Queenslanders".

Minchin says his costless guarantee to AMC will help "to generate an additional
capital investment of $3.5 billion and create a further 7,000 direct and
indirect jobs".

But subsidies distort rather than improve investors' decision making. They hide
risks and divert capital to speculative projects.

The fourth risk is that developers of major projects will believe Minchin,
Beattie and their ilk and will chase government subsidies rather than create
genuinely competitive investment opportunities.

All in all, this episode shows how cheaply governments value public money when
elections loom.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Coal exports from Baltimore port prompt suit

BYLINE: Max Ehrenfreund

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 700 words


Above the harbor in Baltimore's industrial Curtis Hill district is a one-acre
urban farm. Jason Reed, a community organizer who works there, described the
view. "I can look out over the harbor, and you can see the piles and piles of
coal," he said.

That coal is the subject of a lawsuit filed Wednesday by a coalition of
environmental groups against the Export-Import Bank of the United States. The
groups are challenging the federal agency's financing of fossil fuel exports
from ports in Baltimore and Hampton Roads.

The suit, filed in a federal court in California, targets a $90 million loan
guarantee that the Ex-Im Bank made last year to Xcoal Energy & Resources, a
Pennsylvania coal broker, to sell coal from Appalachian mines to customers in
Asia and Italy. The plaintiffs say  the bank failed to conduct a required
environmental review before providing the guarantee. They want to block a
portion of the $90 million that hasn't yet been disbursed through Xcoal's
intermediary, PNC Bank.

The Ex-Im Bank makes loans and loan guarantees to private companies to encourage
the export of U.S. products by assuming the financial risks involved in
international trade. The bank has been increasing its support for domestic and
foreign fossil-fuel projects, according to Doug Norlen, policy director for
Pacific Environment, one of the plaintiffs. Norlen attributes the increase to an
effort to meet President Obama's stated goal of doubling U.S. exports by 2015.

In a speech on climate change last month, Obama announced that the bank would no
longer support the construction of new coal-fired power plants overseas. Fumes
from coal combustion are particularly heavy in carbon dioxide, which contributes
to global warming. In the lawsuit, the plaintiffs argue that the financing ban
should also apply to domestic coal exporters.

"What we see with this case is a clear problem in coherence between the
administration's ending of support for overseas projects, but a lack of
oversight for projects, specifically export projects, here at home," the Sierra
Club's Justin Guay told reporters Wednesday.

The Ex-Im Bank declined to comment on the lawsuit, noting in a statement that it
is trying to balance "the need to protect the environment" with its mission of
"supporting U.S. exports and American export-related jobs."

Phil Smith, communications director for the United Mine Workers of America, said
the union has "thousands of members whose jobs depends on that coal, at least in
some part, being exported. Their families depend on that, their communities
depend on that, their school districts depend on that."

Coal exports have increased rapidly in recent years for several reasons,
including high demand in China and Europe and a glut of cheap natural gas from
domestic shale, which utilities have been substituting for coal. Traffic at the
Hampton Roads ports, which are the country's busiest coal export terminals, has
nearly doubled in volume since 2009, according to census data. Exports from
Baltimore have tripled in the same period.

Environmentalists say that the increase is harmful not only to the global
climate, but also to residents who live near shipping facilities and railroads.
Coal dust, which can contain mercury and arsenic, is everywhere in Curtis Point,
said Reed, the community organizer. Some residents have to wash their windows
every few days, he said, and the dust is so fine that it accumulates inside
cars.

After noticing that many of the children who work on the garden seemed short of
breath, and worrying about the metallic smell that seemed to cling to the back
of his tongue there, Reed began to feel "a moral prerogative" to try to improve
ecological conditions in Curtis Point. He joined the Chesapeake Climate Action
Network, another plaintiff in the lawsuit.

Xcoal plans to use the loan to move $1 billion in coking or metallurgical coal,
which is used to manufacture steel. If the suit succeeds, the company would
still be able to seek commercial funding for its venture, though a loan at the
market rate would presumably be more expensive than borrowing from the federal
government.

Xcoal did not respond to a request for comment on Wednesday.

max.ehrenfreund@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        April 1, 2016 Friday 9:50 AM GMT

Stewart Milne Group secures £86m government guarantee for Aberdeen development;

Housebuilder said the £86m government facility secured by its Countesswells
Development Ltd subsidiary will allow the group to begin work on the proposed
3,000 home development

BYLINE: By Scott McCulloch

SECTION: BUSINESS,COMPANY RESULTS & FORECASTS

LENGTH: 503 words


Housebuilder Stewart Milne Group has secured an £86 million UK Government-backed
loan guarantee to fund first phase development of its Countesswells development
in Aberdeen.

The Aberdeen-based housebuilder said it will start work on the development in
April despite "challenging trading conditions in the North East Scotland Market"
as a result of the oil price slump.

The group notes in accounts now filed with Companies House: "In March 2016, the
Infrastructure and Projects Authority (part of HM Treasury) confirmed a UK
Guarantee to the value of £86 million enabling Stewart Milne Group to raise
funds from Lloyds Banking Group and deliver this significant project."

Adding: "The £1bn Countesswells development is a landmark project for our
business and one that we have been working to bring to market for many years.

"We are excited to announce that we will start work on the first phase of this
prestigious new community in April this year."

Stewart Milne Group secured planning consent in 2014 for a 3,000 home, 15 year
development at Countesswells, Aberdeen.

The group notes in the 2015 accounts, trading conditions in the North East
deteriorated since the June 2015 year-end, though other markets "continue to
show signs of growth as the general UK economy continues to improve".

The announcement on the funding deal was included in the group's audited
accounts covering the 2015 year to June 30.

Stewart Milne Group said it recently entered into a three year funding facility
with Bank of Scotland which is due to expire on October 31, 2018 and is
"currently engaged in a collaborative and joint process to review the repayment
profile within the facility with a view to securing land opportunities and
allowing the group to meet its business growth objectives".

Adding: "It is anticipated that this process will be concluded by June 2016."

The group notes net debt at the 2015 year end stood at £201 million, up from
£193.8 million in 2014.

Stewart Milne Group reports profits for the 2015 year rose to £4.99 million
(2014: £3.01 million)

and turnover rose 20 per cent to £252.6 million.

Profit figures in the 2014 year had included £1.8 million in one-off
restructuring and wind-down costs.

On a operating level, profits dropped 16 per cent to £11.78 million, down from
£14.07 million in 2014 and gross margin dipped three per cent to 21 per cent on
87 more homes sold to a total of 809 units.

The group notes interest payments on loans and overdrafts were £1.6 million
lower agaisnt the prior year to £9.01 million (2014: £10.6 million).

The group notes post year-end it sold a number of non-core asset, "primarily the
sale of its shared equity debtors" with a total book value of £24.6 million, for
an "initial consideration of £11.3 million".

Additional payments may be payable, "depending on future redemption amounts
through to 2024".

The group notes: "Current year trading remains positive in Central Scotland and
North West England and we remain optimistic about the Aberdeen market despite
some challenging conditions."

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        April 1, 2016 Friday 9:48 AM GMT

Stewart Mile Group secures £86m government guarantee for Aberdeen development;
Housebuilder said the £86m government facility secured by its Countesswells
Development Ltd subsidiary will allow the group to begin work on the proposed
3,000 home development

BYLINE: By Scott McCulloch

SECTION: BUSINESS,COMPANY RESULTS & FORECASTS

LENGTH: 503 words


Housebuilder Stewart Milne Group has secured an £86 million UK Government-backed
loan guarantee to fund first phase development of its Countesswells development
in Aberdeen.

The Aberdeen-based housebuilder said it will start work on the development in
April despite "challenging trading conditions in the North East Scotland Market"
as a result of the oil price slump.

The group notes in accounts now filed with Companies House: "In March 2016, the
Infrastructure and Projects Authority (part of HM Treasury) confirmed a UK
Guarantee to the value of £86 million enabling Stewart Milne Group to raise
funds from Lloyds Banking Group and deliver this significant project."

Adding: "The £1bn Countesswells development is a landmark project for our
business and one that we have been working to bring to market for many years.

"We are excited to announce that we will start work on the first phase of this
prestigious new community in April this year."

Stewart Milne Group secured planning consent in 2014 for a 3,000 home, 15 year
development at Countesswells, Aberdeen.

The group notes in the 2015 accounts, trading conditions in the North East
deteriorated since the June 2015 year-end, though other markets "continue to
show signs of growth as the general UK economy continues to improve".

The announcement on the funding deal was included in the group's audited
accounts covering the 2015 year to June 30.

Stewart Milne Group said it recently entered into a three year funding facility
with Bank of Scotland which is due to expire on October 31, 2018 and is
"currently engaged in a collaborative and joint process to review the repayment
profile within the facility with a view to securing land opportunities and
allowing the group to meet its business growth objectives".

Adding: "It is anticipated that this process will be concluded by June 2016."

The group notes net debt at the 2015 year end stood at £201 million, up from
£193.8 million in 2014.

Stewart Milne Group reports profits for the 2015 year rose to £4.99 million
(2014: £3.01 million)

and turnover rose 20 per cent to £252.6 million.

Profit figures in the 2014 year had included £1.8 million in one-off
restructuring and wind-down costs.

On a operating level, profits dropped 16 per cent to £11.78 million, down from
£14.07 million in 2014 and gross margin dipped three per cent to 21 per cent on
87 more homes sold to a total of 809 units.

The group notes interest payments on loans and overdrafts were £1.6 million
lower agaisnt the prior year to £9.01 million (2014: £10.6 million).

The group notes post year-end it sold a number of non-core asset, "primarily the
sale of its shared equity debtors" with a total book value of £24.6 million, for
an "initial consideration of £11.3 million".

Additional payments may be payable, "depending on future redemption amounts
through to 2024".

The group notes: "Current year trading remains positive in Central Scotland and
North West England and we remain optimistic about the Aberdeen market despite
some challenging conditions."

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Kilmer Announces New Department of Agriculture Grants to Help
Revitalize Rural Communities in Washington state

LENGTH: 364  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Derek Kilmer has issued the following news
release:



  Today, U.S. Representative Derek Kilmer (D-WA) announced that the United
States Department of Agriculture will award $20 million to Craft3 to boost rural
communities in Washington state. Craft3 is the recipient of this investment
through the Community Facilities relending program. Craft3 and other
participants in the program will use the funds to provide long-term,
low-interest financing to be "re-lent" to local entities that will then build,
acquire, or improve key community facilities. The investments can also be used
to support essential community services such as education, health care, and
infrastructure projects.





 "This is great news for communities on the Peninsula," said Kilmer. "These
investments will help local leaders do everything from keep the lights on at a
center that supports youth sports, to improve roads through town, to support
child care services that families rely on. I'd like to thank the Department of
Agriculture for continuing to be a partner in our efforts to keep our rural
towns and communities growing."



 "These investments will lift the economic prospects of our communities and
create jobs, especially in those areas that have not yet realized their
potential for growth," said Mario Villanueva, Washington State Director. "Thanks
to this financing, USDA Rural Development's local partners will have the
resources to build, create and invest in the essential community facilities and
services, like public safety, health care and education."



 A portion of the financing that will be provided to communities through this
program will be given loan guarantees by financial institutions like Bank of
America. Organizations like Craft3 that are relending will also be eligible for
$22 million in grants from seven of the nation's premier philanthropic
organizations.



 Craft3 is based in Washington state and Oregon and provides loans that are
designed to strengthen businesses, families, and the environment in the Pacific
Northwest.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: Kilmer Announces New Department of Agriculture Grants to Help
Revitalize Rural Communities in Washington state

LENGTH: 364  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Derek Kilmer has issued the following news
release:



  Today, U.S. Representative Derek Kilmer (D-WA) announced that the United
States Department of Agriculture will award $20 million to Craft3 to boost rural
communities in Washington state. Craft3 is the recipient of this investment
through the Community Facilities relending program. Craft3 and other
participants in the program will use the funds to provide long-term,
low-interest financing to be "re-lent" to local entities that will then build,
acquire, or improve key community facilities. The investments can also be used
to support essential community services such as education, health care, and
infrastructure projects.





 "This is great news for communities on the Peninsula," said Kilmer. "These
investments will help local leaders do everything from keep the lights on at a
center that supports youth sports, to improve roads through town, to support
child care services that families rely on. I'd like to thank the Department of
Agriculture for continuing to be a partner in our efforts to keep our rural
towns and communities growing."



 "These investments will lift the economic prospects of our communities and
create jobs, especially in those areas that have not yet realized their
potential for growth," said Mario Villanueva, Washington State Director. "Thanks
to this financing, USDA Rural Development's local partners will have the
resources to build, create and invest in the essential community facilities and
services, like public safety, health care and education."



 A portion of the financing that will be provided to communities through this
program will be given loan guarantees by financial institutions like Bank of
America. Organizations like Craft3 that are relending will also be eligible for
$22 million in grants from seven of the nation's premier philanthropic
organizations.



 Craft3 is based in Washington state and Oregon and provides loans that are
designed to strengthen businesses, families, and the environment in the Pacific
Northwest.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Indiana Lawyer

                               February 16, 2011

Financing new creators energy;
Federal funding mechanism expected to boost projects, legal work.

LENGTH: 1279 words


Financing new creators energy Federal funding mechanism expected to boost
projects, legal work.

W hen attorney John Kirkwood sees a garbage dump, his mind not only starts
wandering toward the renewable energy that could be produced at that site but
also an expanding field of law that's drawing more lawyers into the
environmental fold.

These days, the mental images may be cornfields or municipal waste into ethanol,
woody biomass into environment-friendly fuel, or wind recycled into electricity
- but those are just the starting points for what lawyers say is an evolving and
everexpanding area of energy and environmental law.

Kirkwood's foray into that world may start with those mental pictures, but it
soon detours into what he's spent a quarter century of his career practicing:
municipal bonding and finance law, pivotal parts in the renewable energy picture
that is getting more attention these days. He's handled financing issues on
projects like Lucas Oil Stadium, the Indiana Convention Center expansion, and
Indianapolis Water, and the corn ethanol craze brought his background to the
eyes of national and international companies.

Chairing Krieg DeVault's Alternative Energy and Clean Tech practice group,
Kirkwood is one of a growing number of attorneys statewide and nationally who've
turned their attention to renewable energy and the financing of these types of
projects. His firm represents three out-of-state companies that recently
received millions in loan guarantees for renewable energy facilities.

Companies represented by other firms have similar legal minds on those projects,
and they all say that the financing component of these projects is just as
important to the environment as the projects themselves.

"That financing fits right in with everything going on in green energy and
environmental law," Kirkwood said. "After that corn ethanol revolution that was
like a bolt of lightening sweeping across the country, we started debating
whether making energy out of what we eat was really smart and the equity was
pulled back. But that lull is over."

Hoosier attorneys watching the renewable energy and environmental trends of
these projects have been focused on new U.S. Department of Agriculture
regulations that will put in place a funding mechanism. Lawyers in Indiana say
that the new rules are expected to set standards that will make it easier to
finance these types of projects, allowing community banks to lend money for
financing rather than making it more difficult for companies to undertake these
efforts.

That, of course, means a boost in the legal work of those in the new energy
areas and more traditional transactional and financing fields.

"It's pretty safe to assume that what people are looking for in these
regulations is going to happen and will make it feasible for these large-scale
renewable energy projects to happen more often," said Stephen Dutton, an
attorney with Barnes & Thornburg's new energy group. "Financing overall has been
such a problem for everyone, and this USDA financing will be a welcome addition
to what's been available. Having no national standard has made it difficult to
predict what will happen in the future, and people can't be sure that all of
these biomass projects will be treated the same."

The issue can be contentious, as one Indiana business knows because of a federal
lawsuit it filed against the USDA last summer. The Claypool-based LD Biodiesel
and Soybean Processing Plant, owned by Louis Dreyfus Agricultural Industries LLC
(LDAI), filed suit against the agency last summer in the District of Columbia.
The suit claims the facility's funding was being unconstitutionally denied
because the plant's percentage of foreign ownership is more than 51 percent. The
suit alleged that the USDA rules didn't impose any citizenship requirement.

But now, that contentious financial issue in court is muddied by the USDA's
recent announcements that numerous renewable energy projects nationwide will be
granted those loan guarantees. LD Biodiesel received about $1.4 million, but
it's unclear what impact that funding will have on the pending lawsuit. Attorney
John Buckley Jr. in Washington, D.C., couldn't be reached for comment on the
suit or government investments, but the last docket entry for the suit was in
November.

Those types of issues that may have sparked tension before are now destined for
a different path, as the federal government is investing in these renewable
energy projects.

The USDA in mid-January announced millions of dollars in loans in multiple
states on a variety of projects, such as $15 million for biodiesel and
cornstarch ethanol. Authorized under sections of

the Farm Bill of 2008 and paid for in part

through recent stimulus funding, one of the grants awarded entails loan
guarantees to entrepreneurs who might want to invest in advanced biofuel
production.

A total of 68 projects in 33 states

received money - including four projects in Indiana totaling about $1.57 million
in loans. The Indiana recipients are Louis Dreyfus Agricultural Industries; E
Biofuels; T and M Limited Partnership; and Indiana Flex Fuels.

Eligible examples for the funding include biofuels derived from cellulose; crop
residue; animal, food and yard waste material; biogas (landfill and sewage waste
treatment gas); vegetable oil; and animal fat, according to the USDA.

Lawyers on those projects are scattered throughout the state and country,
including Dutton and Kirkwood.

Three of Krieg DeVault's clients have reaped $405 million in benefits from
another section of the Farm Bill, according to Kirkwood. In rural western
Alabama, Costaka received conditional word that it would receive $250 million to
build and operate a 53-million gallon advanced ethanol biorefinery plant using
woody biomass; Enerkem Corp.

in Mississippi will receive $80 million to

build and operate a biorefinery capable of producing 10-million gallons per year
of biofuels from refining dried and postsorted municipal waste; and INEOS New
Planet BioEnergy in Florida will receive $75 million to construct and operate a
biorefinery capable of producing ethanol and electricity.

A fourth biorefinery applicant in California, Bluefire Ethanol, was another of
Krieg DeVault's clients and is awaiting word on whether it will receive any loan
guarantees. The firm is also working with other clients on similar measures,
Kirkwood said.

"This is pretty historic," he said. "The unique thing about all of this is that
we lack guidance right now, and we've just been clumsy and awkward and what
we're doing didn't fit the existing models in capital markets for funding."

Kirkwood said his 25 years of experience taught him how to finance a project,
whether it be a school or hospital, and these deals are similar in that regard.
But it's factoring in the environment, contract law, bank financing,
intellectual property, and many other areas that make it so new and interesting,
he said.

With about six to eight lawyers at his firm who are "new energy focused,"
Kirkwood works with many others within other divisions who handle specific
issues depending on the matter at hand. These issues have broadened his practice
area nationally and internationally, Kirkwood said.

"Every one of these projects is built on a piece of dirt that has an
environmental issue involved, but nationally there's still only a small number
of firms and a small fraternity of lawyers doing this work," he said. "As
Indiana has become home to more wind farms and our farmers have put those
environmental twists on what they do, more federal support is going into this.
Really, I see this as an engine for the firm that's going to get

bigger and bigger."

* 8IL/2011/02/16

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                         Copyright 2011 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                              May 18, 2012 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Insults fly as Sisulu details defence plans

BYLINE:  Deon de Lange Political Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 724 words


SOLDIERS can look forward to higher pay, subsidised home loans, better quality
barracks and state-funded preschooling for their children when the new
programmes are introduced by the SANDF over the next two years.

Defence Minister Lindiwe Sisulu announced during her budget vote speech in
Parliament yesterday that "deserving members" would receive a once-off
"appreciation allowance" of R2 000 this month "to convey my, the government and
the country's gratitude for a job well done".

She did not say how much of the defence force's R37.5 billion budget for 2012/13
would be set aside for these and other benefits.

The minister said her department would introduce a housing allowance scheme and
was investigating a housing guarantee scheme to stand surety for up to 20
percent of soldiers' private home loans.

"We intend to negotiate a pact with financial institutions where we, as the
employer, can stand part-guarantee to negotiate more favourable (interest) rates
with financial institutions in a collective mannerâ[#x20ac]¦ No soldier should
ever again retire without a house and the asset it provides."

Sisulu announced that salaries would be de-linked from ranks - a move for which
soldiers have been calling for years - so those "trapped in particular ranks"
would have their pay adjusted according to their years of service.

The minister plans to use the SANDF's many bases in rural and semi-rural areas
as catalysts for rural development by investing defence force resources there.

"Wherever we are, we will ensure the community benefits from our infrastructure,
our schools, our roads and our clinics. We will empower them by training them
for agriculture production that we will purchase for our own use," she said.

In another scheme, every military base in the country would provide preschool
and crÃ¨che facilities for soldiers' children aged between three months and five
years.

"Gone are the days when men were soldiers and women stayed at home to look after
the children. We have a responsibility to free our woman soldiers to pursue
their careers in the same way as men have always been free to do that."

The National Youth Service programme would have an intake of 20 000 unemployed
young people and they would be turned into "disciplined, empowered young people.

This programme, scant details of which are available, would provide "training
for military engagements" and "promote discipline, self-esteem, confidence and a
sense of belonging" among young volunteers, the minister told MPs.

Opposition parties largely welcomed the defence budget.

But Sisulu came under heavy fire from her parliamentary nemesis, DA MP David
Maynier, during bad-tempered exchanges peppered with shouted interruptions,
interventions by the chairperson and the forced withdrawal of numerous
"unparliamentary" comments by MPs on both sides of the House.

Maynier prefaced his speech by telling the minister to "sit back, stay calm,
listen and try not to blow a political gasket", and then went on to accuse her
of waging a "political war" on Parliament by "rarely" appearing before its
oversight committees, providing inadequate responses to written and oral
parliamentary questions, and by preventing her top brass from briefing
Parliament on the defence force's military preparedness.

Sisulu has repeatedly prohibited her generals from briefing MPs on a range of
operational issues, leaving the public in the dark about several aspects of
defence spending, including details of the army's 37 projects to purchase
equipment.

She has said she would allow such briefings only if Parliament's joint standing
committee on defence, like the secretive joint standing committee on
intelligence, met behind closed doors.

"In the end, the minister has become a political monster, turning the defence
force into a state-within-a-state, beyond proper oversight scrutiny by
Parliament," Maynier said, prompting howls of derision from the ANC benches.

He suggested the defence force's "poor state of military preparedness" would
leave President Jacob Zuma with no option but to hoist a white flag over the
Union Buildings in the unlikely event that SA came under a conventional attack.
He said the defence force spent more than half its budget on salaries - 58
percent in the navy, 65 percent in the army and 72 percent in the air force,
leaving its operating budget "stripped to the bone".

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            May 10, 1989, Wednesday

ELECTRONICS GROUP UNVEILS PLAN TO SPUR HIGH-TECH TV EFFORT

BYLINE: RICHARD LAWRENCE; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 447 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A major U.S. industry group Tuesday unveiled a plan for a government-industry
initiative in high-definition television.

The plan, which suggests that the federal government provide more than $ 1.3
billion over the next severalyears, would help the United States compete with
both Japan and the European Community in a technology that some say is key to co
nomic dominance early in the next century.

The plan was outlined at a Senate Commerce Committee hearing by Pat Hill
Hubbard, vice president, American Electronics Association.

It won a favorable reaction by Commerce Committee Chairman Fritz Hollings,
D-S.C., who told Ms. Hubbard, "You've put the meat in the coconut . . . . I have
nothing but compliments for how the electronics industry has gotten a program .
. . that covers all the spectrum."

Sen. Hollings' comment contrasted with his obvious disappointment with the Bush
administration's slowness in proposing a program to help launch a U.S.
high-definition TV industry.

President Bush, he noted, has not yet even nominated an undersecretary of
Commerce for technology.

Commerce Secretary Mosbacher, testifying Tuesday before the Senate committee,
tried to reassure the senators. "I hope that before too long to return with
specific recommendations" on how to advance high-definition TV and perhaps other
high-tech industries of the future."

Mr. Mosbacher reiterated that the federal government might help such high- tech
initiatives through additional antitrust waivers and more research and
development funding.

He also cited pending administration proposals for a lower capital gains tax and
a permanent research and development tax credit.

The proposal Ms. Hubbard unveiled is for an "Advanced Television Corp.," its
board comprising members of industry, government and academia, to guide the
overall development of an advanced television industry.

The corporation would administer low-cost government loans and loan guarantees
to U.S.-based advanced television manufacturers, own and license technology to
producers of advanced television hardware, and develop a plan for government
agencies funding advanced television-related research.

Under the proposal, drawn up by the Boston Consulting Group, the government
would provide $ 100 million a year for three years for Defense Department
research in advanced television and at least $ 50 million over three years for
the Commerce Department to draft production and transmission standards.

The proposal further calls for $ 500 million in government loans and another $
500 million in loan guarantees to help U.S.-based companies manufacture and
market advanced television products.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: PHOTO;;

MOSBACHER

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 7, 2007 Thursday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Little River Apparel to expand in Belfast

BYLINE: WALTER GRIFFIN OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 392 words

DATELINE: BELFAST


The expansion of Little River Apparel will double the size of the facility and
boost production of chemical warfare protective uniforms for the military.

Federal, state and local officials attending Wednesday's groundbreaking ceremony
at the Belfast Business Park said the $2 million expansion would also add
additional jobs to the community. Managed by the Group Home Foundation, Little
River Apparel provides employment for the handicapped and disabled. The company
has 200 employees in Belfast.

Group Home Foundation Executive Director Harold Siefken said the company's
production and warehousing is currently divided among three separate facilities.
He said the expansion would bring all the components under one roof and allow
for better control of production costs. The project calls for adding 26,000
square feet to the existing 25,000-square-foot building.

"We'll consolidate everything into one building, which will make life a whole
lot more efficient," Siefken said. "It will also provide us with much-needed
additional production space."

The project was funded with a $1,750,000 construction loan from Camden National
Bank and a $250,000 loan from the Eastern Maine Development Corp. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development office provided loan guarantees
for the expansion project.

Michael Aube, state director of USDA Rural Development, described the Little
River project as fitting the agency's ideal profile for financial assistance.
Not only will it increase job opportunities in rural Waldo County, it also will
provide employment for those with disabilities. The agency provided $206 million
for projects in Maine last year, he said.

"We try to help build and sustain rural communities, and this project clearly
provides that in Belfast," Aube said.

Jonathan Daniels, executive director of EMDC, described the project as
"absolutely fantastic." Daniels said this was his agency's 40th year in business
and that the Little River project was one of the best it had been involved with.

"This expands economic opportunities for the disabled work force and also
contributes to the national defense," Daniels said.

Representatives from the offices of Republican Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan
Collins and Rep. Michael Michaud, D-Maine, as well as members of the Group Home
Foundation board of directors, also attended the groundbreaking.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             January 8, 2016 Friday

Small, marginalized farmers: Credit guarantee launched

BYLINE: RIZWAN BHATTI

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 08

LENGTH: 714  words


State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) launched the credit guarantee for small and
marginalized farmers aimed at enhancing their access to formal credit. The
scheme, funded by the government, will provide 50 percent risk coverage against
the principal outstanding on loans to small and marginalized farmers by
commercial, specialized and microfinance banks.

The federal government has made an initial allocation of Rs one billion in the
federal budget FY 2015-16, for the scheme which may be topped up annually. The
allocated funds will be used to create a guarantee fund. The scheme will cover
production loans up to Rs 100,000 and the loan tenor will be based on cropping
cycle up to a maximum period of one year. However, for sugarcane crop with 18
months cropping cycle, the loan tenor will be fixed in accordance with its
cropping cycle. The purpose of borrowing may include meeting working capital
requirements, purchase of input supplies, rentals of farm implements, etc.

The objective of the scheme is to encourage participating commercial,
specialized and microfinance banks (Participating Financial Institutions) to
lend collateral-free to small and marginalized farmers to meet their working
capital requirements. All the commercial, specialized, and microfinance banks,
which are in reasonably good financial position and have considerable
share/expertise in agriculture finance, will be considered as PFIs.

According to AC and MFD Circular No 01 0f 2016, with a view to enhance access of
small and marginalized farmers to formal credit, the State Bank is launching
'CGSMF' with the funding support of government of Pakistan. The scheme will
provide risk sharing to Participating Financial Institutions (PFIs) against
their collateral free lending to small and marginalized farmers and all farmers
cultivating up to five acres of irrigated and ten acres of non irrigated land
shall be eligible under the Scheme.

The SBP said that the scheme would provide an opportunity to PFIs to explore the
financing potential in this underserved market segment which constitutes
majority of the farming community. Therefore, banks are advised to develop
specific financing products and align their business models to meet financing
needs of small and marginalized farmers on a sustainable basis, it added.

The scheme will be applicable across the whole country including Azad Jammu and
Kashmir, FATA and Gilgit-Baltistan. Credit guarantee limits will be allocated to
all banks involved in agricultural financing. Non agri. lending banks are also
encouraged to approach Agricultural Credit and Microfinance Department for
allocation of guarantee limits in this regard.

The scheme will provide credit risk coverage of 50 percent of the outstanding
loans (principal) in case of non-repayments, after being classified as
"substandard" (as per the classification criteria laid down in Prudential
Regulations for both Agriculture Financing and Microfinance Banks,
respectively). The remaining 50 percent of the credit risk will be borne by the
PFI.

The issuance of credit guarantee limits will be subject to compliance with
provisions of the scheme and other instructions issued by SBP from time to time.
SBP/SBP:BSC will have the right to withdraw its approval of guarantee, if it is
discovered, at any stage, that the borrower was not eligible for financing under
the scheme at the time of extension of the loan facility. In such an event, the
PFI will bear 100 percent of the credit risk of such borrower.

The scheme will exclusively apply to small and marginalized farmers/tenants
across the country owning/cultivating irrespective of land ownership or
lease/tenancy of 5 acres for irrigated land and 10 acres for rain-fed land.
According to SBP, as per Agriculture Census 2010, 5.35 million farm households
(out of total 8.3 million) have land-holding up to five acres in Pakistan. These
small farmers have a significant share in the national agricultural output.
Despite their significance, the small and marginalized farmers face difficulties
in accessing formal credit due to small landholding and lack of collateral. As a
result, they are forced to borrow from informal sources on unfair terms.
Therefore, the scheme has been designed to enhance access of small and
marginalized farmers to formal credit.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                          September 28, 1989 Thursday

Marineland: bad luck and good fortune

BYLINE: ROD HARTLEY

LENGTH: 1310 words


Rod Hartley (left), Director for State Development and Technology, argues that
problems concerning the future of the animals at Marineland, and disinformation
about the project, are threatening the development of the site.

THE task of deciding Marineland's future has been as complex as it has been
time-consuming. Both bad luck and good fortune have played a role, but the
common thread running through many months of negotiations has been a
determination to find a solution which is fair to all, and best for the State.

That has been achieved, and it would be tragic if the exciting plans for a major
hotel development on the Marineland site were to be jeopardised by a new round
of unnecessary hysteria.

Of greatest concern is the suggestion that a veil of secrecy has been drawn over
the whole issue to cover incompetence, blackmail and some kind of skulduggery.

The facts are these:

Marineland suffered financial problems from its opening in 1969 and within three
years the Government had to step in and save the facility. In 1987, Tribond
Developments Pty Ltd leased the complex with plans to redevelop it. Vital to
these plans was that Marineland would continue operating during redevelopment,
so that cash flow from visitors could sustain the business.

The buildings and facilities had deteriorated badly. This was pointed out to the
company's managing director, Mr Rod Abel, but his professional opinion was that
they were adequate to last for the necessary nine to 10 months.

Tribond had sufficient funds to continue operating, but was looking to borrow
the $9 million required for the brand new development and sought a Government
guarantee.

This guarantee was approved by the Treasurer on the recommendation of the
Industries Development Committee, which comprises MPs from both the Liberal and
Labor parties. During its investigations, the IDC heard evidence from Tribond
officials. Some members inspected Marineland and the whole committee was aware
of its poor state.

There were some risks involved, as there always are with projects for which a
Government guarantee is sought. The IDC is used to such circumstances and agreed
with my department that the risks were worth taking.

With a loan secured, Tribond took over the running of Marineland and set about
the redevelopment task. Operating problems were encountered and they ran into
problems when it was discovered that facilities began deteriorating more rapidly
than anyone had envisaged. The business could not operate profitably.

At Tribond's request, the Government reluctantly agreed to allow some money
under the guarantee to be used for working capital - to ensure Tribond had the
necessary funds to feed and look after its dolphins.

However, as deterioration continued the complex was closed to the public.
Tribond was left with significant accumulated debts and no revenue, and became
technically insolvent.

The Government immediately began helping Tribond to find a buyer for its venture
while continuing to fund Marineland's day-to-day needs.

After intensive investigations, which took much longer than I would have liked,
a potential buyer was introduced by Peter Ellen, Tribond's Hong Kong-based
architect. Zhen Yun, a Hong Kong-based Chinese development company, put forward
plans for a major hotel and convention centre development incorporating an
oceanarium. Vital to this proposal was Tribond's expertise in running the
oceanarium.

Negotiations continued along these lines, but the South Australian community had
begun to express concerns about the concept of an oceanarium and, in particular,
the need to catch new wild dolphins to maintain numbers.

T HE Government was aware of these concerns but, having granted a licence to
Tribond to catch dolphins, felt an obligation to transfer this licence to the
new owner, Zhen Yun, and offered to do so.

At this time, building unions threatened bans on the site - there is some
confusion as to whether these were ever enforced.

However, by this time, Zhen Yun itself had become aware of the community's
feelings and decided not to proceed with the oceanarium. There was no pressure
on it to make this decision. The company simply did not wish to develop
something which the local community did not seem to want. It was keen that its
first major development in Australia should be successful and have local
support.

And it is important to remember that this will be a major development. The hotel
complex to be built on the Marineland site will be a tremendous boost to the
State's tourism industry and bring in more than $100 million in revenue over the
next 40 years.

The decision not to proceed with an oceanarium was a further blow to Tribond,
and the Government was faced with a double dilemma. As guarantor, and given that
no investor was willing to take on Tribond's obligations, the Government was
obliged to meet Tribond's debts to the bank should the company go out of
business. It also felt an obligation to the Abel family, which was facing
bankruptcy, partly because the buildings previously owned by the Government had
deteriorated so quickly.

The Government acted to clear up these financial problems quickly so Zhen Yun
could proceed with confidence.

An official receiver was called in and all creditors are now being paid in full.
Compensation payments were offered to Tribond and its owners. This was
formalised in an agreement and, as is not unusual in such settlements between
organisations, to protect both parties the agreement included a provision that
neither side would release details. The Government did not feel it appropriate
to publicise the financial affairs of the Abel family and, from its own point of
view, did not want to set a precedent by highlighting the payment of
compensation.

The agreement was signed, in the presence of the company's lawyer, on a Saturday
to meet urgent time constraints imposed by Zhen Yun's timetable. This was hardly
an unusual practice for a busy Government department.

Very full details of all costs involved have subsequently been provided on
several occasions in Parliament despite claims to the contrary. However, the
Minister of State Development and Technology, Mr Arnold, while publicly
identifying the total compensation payments of $590,000 on several occasions,
has steadfastly refused to provide a breakdown of the actual payments to the
three individuals concerned. To do so would have been in breach of the
agreement. However, the matter has been brought into the public arena and even
these details have been released.

At no time has there been an attempt to hide the costs involved with this issue.
For the record, the total cost to the South Australian Government to August 30
was $5.63 million. In addition, the Government is continuing to provide about
$50,000 a month for the maintenance of the dolphins at Marineland and will do so
until their future is decided. It has a moral obligation to do so, and I believe
all South Australians would support this position.

These costs were unavoidable if the Government was to meet its objective of
finding a solution which was fair to all.

More significantly, they will be overwhelmed by the direct benefits which will
flow from the development at West Beach. The net financial benefit of this
project after all costs will easily exceed $100 million.

But those benefits could still be lost. There is a very real danger that the
misinformation which is being spread about Marineland will destroy Zhen Yun's
confidence in South Australia as a viable base for its exciting development.

Recent allegations about secrecy and incompetence are as potentially damaging as
they are wrong. It is particularly distressing that there has been an attempt to
politicise a project which proceeded with bipartisan support.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: rod hartley; table: receivership payments

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 28, 1985

Pul-out hits job creation / Ending of exchange rate guarantee

BYLINE: By PETER RODGERS

LENGTH: 219 words


The Government has withdrawn an exchange rate guarantee which made it possible
for the European Commission to extend cheap loans to small and medium-size
businesses outside the development areas. The business is to be taken up by
commercial banks at higher interest rates,

The move has stopped a loan programme amounting to about pounds 15 million since
the end of 1983, which was one of the few ways business in high unemployment
areas such as inner London could get preferential assistance.


The end of the scheme has also halted negotiations by the Greater London
Enterprise Board to take over administration of some of the funds on an agency
basis. The scheme has been run by clearing banks, but GLEB volunteered to handle
funds on behalf of Brussels. A GLEB spokesman said, 'We had not agreed it with
the commission but we were making good progress and were optimistic that we
would be able to negotiate an arrangement.'

The Government withdrew the guarantee for the facility, called the New Community
Instrument, on December 18 on the grounds that new sources of finance for small
and medium businesses have now been developed by the banks.

But another reason is that the Treasury no longer wants the burden of an
exchange rate guarantee covering variations in the value of sterling

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        June 24, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

ASLA Commends Reintroduction of Community Parks Revitalization Act

LENGTH: 529  words


New Delhi, June 24 -- The American Society of Landscape Architects commends
Congressman Albio Sires (NJ) for reintroducing today the Community Parks
Revitalization Act (CPRA), which would help communities to rehabilitate existing
and develop new community parks and outdoor recreational facilities.



Today, many communities are suffering from deteriorating infrastructure, chronic
stormwater management issues, lagging economies, limited green spaces, poor
health and chronic disease. Community parks and other outdoor recreation
facilities have a proven record for revitalizing communities by: increasing
economic development; improving public health; increasing daily physical
activity; reconnecting children with nature; reducing crime; and providing safe,
healthy alternatives for youth.

The Community Parks Revitalization Act (CPRA) will stimulate neighborhood
economic growth by leveraging limited public resources to generate community
reinvestment. Specifically, the bill will authorize grants for park and
recreation agencies, which must be matched with local funds. Grants could be
used to rehabilitate existing and develop new community parks and recreational
infrastructure. Additionally the bill now includes an innovative financing
mechanism that would establish a program for secured loans and loan guarantees
for the development of parks and recreation infrastructure. Notably, this
program, modeled after the popular Transportation Infrastructure Innovative
Financing Act (TIFIA), would allow either large scale projects such as trail
systems, or multiple communities to bundle multiple projects together allowing
eligible entities to take advantage of low cost financing.

"Considering that more than 80 percent of the U.S. population now lives in urban
areas, it is critical that our nation's leaders recognize the importance of
quality of life in the communities where most American live," says Barbara
Tulipane, President and CEO of the National Recreation and Park Association.
"The CPR Act emphasizes the vital role local parks and recreation plays in
shaping and improving the economic vitality, environmental and physical wellness
of urban communities in the country."

According to Nancy Somerville, Hon. ASLA, executive vice president and CEO of
ASLA, the Community Parks Revitalization Act is a crucial opportunity to
strengthen American communities.

"ASLA supports legislation that will assist with the rehabilitation and
construction of urban parks and recreational facilities across the country,"
said Somerville. "Parks provide significant economic, social, and environmental
benefits to everyone in the community. Parks are not just pretty places, but
critical to the fabric of our daily lives."

Somerville also noted that landscape architects, many of whom are part of small
businesses, plan and design community parks and other outdoor recreational
spaces. They help encourage physical activity by making spaces more accessible,
attractive and sustainable. Exposure to nature reduces stress and improves mood.
These spaces also absorb stormwater runoff, saving cities millions of dollars
and, more importantly, promoting healthier, happier lifestyles.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Tax Legislation: Senate Panel FHLb Proposal Must Narrow Focus, Report Says

                            July 15, 1999, Thursday

by Amy b. Resnick



Unless it is more carefully targeted, a Senate Finance Committee proposal to
allow the Federal Home Loan banks to guarantee up to $500 million in tax-exempt
school bonds each year could "accomplish little for those districts that
actually need it,'' a new study concludes.

A 16-page economic analysis of the proposal completed last month by the
Congressional Research Service concludes that "because FHLbs are subsidized,
introducing them as the new competitor into the (bond insurance) market would
not be economically efficient.''

The 12 FHLbs, which have begun offering letters of credit for bonds beyond their
initial purpose in housing, don't see it that way.

Jonathan West, general counsel to the Indianapolis FHLb, said home loan banks
across the country "want to do more in the area of economic development ... and
if you look at the issues and how we are structured, there is no federal
guarantee with regard to Federal Home Loan banks."

but report authors barbara Miles and Dennis Zimmerman, both finance specialists
at the CRS, said a bond guarantee by the FHLbs would constitute an indirect
federal guarantee to those school bonds, because "the inference is drawn by
investors in capital markets that the federal government would not allow the
FHLbs ... to fail such that investors would lose their money."

In general, the tax code does not allow bonds to be tax-exempt and carry a
federal guarantee, except in certain, specific cases.

Where FHLbs and other government-sponsored enterprises are concerned, the code
provides an exception for bonds issued for the specific line of business the
enterprise was formed to pursue.

The proposal -- which was introduced by finance committee chairman William V.
Roth, R-Del., and approved by the panel in May as part of its education bill --
would make another exception for up to $500 million in school bonds each year.

West said some bond counsel have determined that a letter of credit from a FHLb
does not constitute a federal guarantee, thereby allowing bonds other than those
for housing deals bonds to remain tax exempt.It is not clear if Roth's bill
would resolve the question for bonds other than those issued for school
construction.

Despite that, however, the report concludes that a guarantee for school bonds
through the FHLbs could harm the competitiveness of the private bond insurance
and credit enhancement markets. In addition, a direct federal grant program for
school districts that can't afford other forms of credit assistance "would
probably" do less damage.

The report found that aggregate investment in school facilities has been growing
relative to other state and local services and state and local taxpayers have
increased the amount of money being spent on school construction over the last
20 years.

but the authors wrote that "economic efficiency would be served by careful
targeting of any additional subsidy to the affected communities."

Specifically, they conclude that "only 1% of issues clearly had lower ratings
(triple-b or lower) that insurance could help raise." Their evaluation of bonds
also found that "the great majority of issues and dollars of school district
bonds have no need for a price reduction to purchase insurance."

The report also finds that bonds insured by FHLbs would see a greater interest
rate reduction than those insured by traditional bond insurers "due to their
implied federal guarantee."

The authors conclude that the implied federal guarantee would result in a lower
yield on FHLb-insured bonds than on bonds insured by private firms and
commercial banks.

"The clear implication ... is that were they not constrained by the $500 million
limit, the FHLb enhancements could displace currently offered private insurance
completely, even though the FHLbs would be pricing their enhancements in a
manner consistent with the risk they would be accepting," the authors wrote.

Copyright c 1999 American banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 668 words

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                            December 17, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Meat plant part of $33m success story; Northern Development Trust Fund has
helped 100 northern projects

BYLINE: Leanne Ritchie, The Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 459  words


Communities and ranchers in B.C.'s North will soon have a new facility to
process local meat, thanks to financing support from the Northern Development
Initiative Trust.

The funding, for Northwest Premium Meats Co-op in Telkwa, marks the 100th
project approved by the trust.

Economic Development Minister Colin Hansen and Northern Trust chair Bruce
Sutherland announced the funding at an event at the meat processing site near
Smithers last week.

The Northern Trust is providing a $433,000 loan guarantee to facilitate
financing by agricultural producers, investors and the Bulkley Valley Credit
Union for the $1.6-million project.

"Optimism is building as new opportunities for economic diversification are
emerging," said Hansen.

"Northern B.C. is poised to become a key logistical player in British Columbia's
Asia Pacific Initiative. As well as serving central Interior and Northwest
markets, Northwest Premium Meats has the potential for export development to
Asia with chilled container shipping through the Port of Prince Rupert."

"This project demonstrates the power of the regional trust model, which helps
communities build their own economic futures," added Sutherland. "The Northern
Trust is working with communities to diversify and grow the regional economy,
and with local ranchers to build this facility that will assist them to meet new
provincial meat regulations."

"The opening of this new plant will be very important to the region, ensuring
that meat produced throughout the Northwest is safe and meets health and
inspection standards," said Dennis MacKay, MLA for Bulkley Valley-Stikine.

"The plant will also ensure producers and meat retailers in the local community
have adequate capacity to support their needs."

The Telkwa facility will handle 3,000 animals per year starting in early 2008,
with chill coolers, meat processing and custom packaging for local restaurants,
retail outlets and consumers. The plant will create 13 jobs initially, with two
more expected in the next two years.

In the two years since the Northern Trust's inception, the board, assisted by a
small staff group, has committed more than $33 million in loan and grant funding
to economic diversification projects in central and northern B.C. with a total
value of $208 million.

Within the Skeena Queen Charlotte Regional District, Port Clements has accessed
a $7,500 grant for economic development capacity building, as have Masset and
Queen Charlotte.

The District of Port Edward took a loan/grant for community development worth
$350,000 (expecting to repay $195,000) and the Prince Rupert Regional Community
Foundation received a matching grant of $25,000.

However, the city of Prince Rupert has yet to apply for any projects related to
the North Development Trust.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

DBP fund releases more loans to small businesses

BYLINE: Imee Charlee C. Delavin

SECTION: Pg. S2/1

LENGTH: 381 words


THE INDUSTRIAL Guarantee and Loan Fund (IGLF) managed by the Development Bank of
the Philippines (DBP) saw its loan releases to small and medium enterprises
(SMEs) continue to increase last year from 2014 levels, topping lending
expectations for 2015.

In a statement on Thursday, the state lending facility said approved small
business loans reached P4.23 billion last year, exceeding the P4- billion year
target as actual releases stood at P3.94 billion.

"Both loan approvals and releases were driven by short-term loans comprising 62%
of total releases and 58% of total approvals," the state-led bank said.

IGLF provides loans to micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME), in particular
those in the countryside, seeking to fund working capital and capital
expenditure requirements.

DBP said the fund had direct benefit on small businesses involved in private
education services, health care, tourism, transport services, trading,
agribusiness, food manufacturing and construction.

DBP said as of end-December, IGLF's total loan portfolio reached P4.49 billion,
up by P1.17 billion or 35.6% from previous year's P3.31 billion.

The number of MSME accounts under retail lending from DBP's Small and Medium
Investment Loans for Entrepreneurs mainly increased by 165%.

"Other loan growth came from wholesale loans to partner financial institutions
lending to countryside enterprises," it said.

"IGLF has continuously been searching for ways to be more responsive to the
financing needs of MSMEs that have significant impact on employment, income
generation, and value-adding to indigenous resources, and that contribute to
community welfare and development," it added.

Meanwhile, in addition to its loan releases, IGLF has also been a main
contributor to the Credit Surety Fund program approved by the Bangko Sentral ng
Pilipinas, DBP said.

IGLF's performance continues to indicate favorable management of resources. It
has paid out almost all its foreign obligations to the World Bank, and with only
the Asian Development Bank having a remaining balance of P349 million, the state
lending facility said in the statement. It added that IGLF ended 2015 with a
P103-million net income.

The state lending facility said it has grown the government's initial investment
to P6.75 billion from P803 million.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       April 2, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Standard & Poor's Ratings Services Assigns 'AA' Stable Credit Rating to
Clearinghouse CDFI

LENGTH: 553  words


April 2 -- Clearinghouse Community Development Financial Institution
(Clearinghouse CDFI)--a for-profit corporation serving California, Nevada,
Arizona, New Mexico and Native American Communities--announced today that
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services (S&P Ratings) has assigned its 'AA' issuer
credit rating to the organization. In the process, Clearinghouse CDFI has become
the nation's first non-depository CDFI to be assigned a credit rating from S&P
Ratings. An 'AA' issuer credit rating indicates that the organization has a
"very strong capacity to meet financial commitments."

"This strong rating validates our corporate commitment to financial performance
and demonstrates that community development lending, when properly underwritten
and structured, is a sustainable business model," said Clearinghouse CDFI
President and CEO, Douglas Bystry.  "We hope this rating will allow us to
increase our lending efforts in low-income and distressed communities where we
operate."

In issuing the credit rating, S&P Ratings cited Clearinghouse CDFI's minimal
loss exposure, which can be absorbed through its reserves and unrestricted
equity; extremely low-risk debt profile; strong history of loan performance
dating back to the institution's founding; consistent profitability and
total-equity-to-total-assets ratio; consistent growth in loans and assets; and
experienced and prudent management.

Clearinghouse CDFI bridges the financing gap between conventional lending
standards and the needs of low-income and distressed communities. Since the
company's inception in 1996, it has funded a total of $1.1 billion in loans,
financing 1,570 community development projects that have created or retained
more than 12,000 jobs. Examples of Clearinghouse CDFI funded projects include:
multi-family affordable housing, nonprofit facilities, educational facilities,
small businesses, commercial projects and faith-based endeavors.

"Farmers and Merchants Bank of Long Beach is pleased to be a shareholder of
Clearinghouse CDFI," said Henry Walker, President of F&M Bank. "As one of
California's strongest banks, we deeply understand and appreciate the ongoing
dedication and fiscal responsibility it takes to receive such an impressive
rating."

Clearinghouse CDFI has been a leader in the CDFI industry, with a number of
other "firsts" in its history. It was the first non-depository CDFI to borrow
from the Federal Home Loan Bank system in 2012. In 2014, it was the first CDFI
to draw funds under the CDFI Fund Bond Guarantee Program, with a facility of
$100 million in long term debt capital. Today, Clearinghouse CDFI has almost
$200 million in total assets with total equity exceeding $33 million.
Clearinghouse CDFI also recently received B Corp Certification in 2014 from the
nonprofit B Lab. B Corps are companies who meet rigorous standards of social and
environmental performance, transparency, and accountability, and use business as
a force for good.

"We hope this investment grade rating will attract additional investors,
particularly socially conscious and "impact" investors, who have been unaware of
the financial strength of community development lenders and the opportunity to
directly invest in this sector," said Bystry.

More information is available at: http://www.clearinghousecdfi.com.

Source: Clearinghouse CDFI

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

Infrastructure Bank and PAB Bill Introduced in Senate

BYLINE: Naomi Jagoda

SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE Vol. 1 No. 34329

LENGTH: 621  words


WASHINGTON - Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., has introduced legislation to create a
national infrastructure bank that could provide direct loans and loan guarantees
to help finance infrastructure projects of regional or national significance.

The bill would also increase the national volume cap for tax-exempt
private-activity bonds for qualified highway or surface freight transfer
facilities to $16 billion from $15 billion. The national limitation had been
established by a highway bill enacted in 2005, and as of May 12, about $11
billion of the cap had been allocated, according to the Federal Highway
Administration.

The bill - S. 1589: the Building and Renewing Infrastructure for Development and
Growth in Employment (BRIDGE) Act - has been referred to the Senate Finance
Committee. It was introduced on June 16 and is cosponsored by a bipartisan group
of 10 senators, including Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo.

The legislation was introduced as Congress continues to debate infrastructure
funding and financing methods. The current extension of spending from the
Highway Trust Fund expires July 31 and the fund's highway account is expected to
have a shortfall as early as August.

"The BRIDGE Act will create jobs, keep American businesses competitive, and
expand U.S. commerce and trade," Warner said in a news release. "At a time when
Congress has once again kicked the can down the road - passing 33 short-term
patches instead of a long-term surface transportation bill - this legislation
demonstrates that there is a real willingness to work together in a responsible,
bipartisan way to get moving on important investment priorities."

The bill would create an entity called the Infrastructure Financing Authority
which could provide financial assistance for transportation, water and energy
transmission projects. The IFA would be independent of existing federal
agencies.

To be eligible for financial assistance from the IFA, a project would have to
have a public benefit. Also, a project's expected costs would need to be at
least $50 million, though a rural infrastructure project's anticipated cost
would only need to be at least $10 million.

The chief executive officer of the IFA would create and manage an Office of
Technical and Rural Assistance within the authority to help identify projects
that could receive financing and serve as a resource to states, localities and
parties in a public-private partnership.

A loan or loan guarantee made by the IFA could be no more than the lesser of 49%
of expected project costs or the amount of the project's senior obligations if
the loan or loan guarantee doesn't receive an investment-grade rating.

The total amount of loans and loan guarantees made by the IFA could not be more
than $10 billion per year for the first two fiscal years of its operations, $20
billion per year for fiscal years three through nine, and $50 billion for any
fiscal year after that.

The legislation would streamline the permitting process for projects that are
approved for IFA loans and loan guarantees by instructing the president to
convene a meeting of representatives of permitting agencies to establish a
permitting timetable and to coordinate concurrent permitting reviews.

The IFA would initially be appropriated as much as $10 billion, which could make
$300 billion or more in total project investment possible, according to Warner's
office. Five percent of the IFA's funding would have to be used for rural
projects. Fees associated with the loans and loan guarantees would be used to
make the IFA self-sustaining over time.

Warner introduced a similar bill in the last Congress which had similar
bipartisan support but did not include an increase in the volume cap for highway
and freight transfer PABs.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

N.B., Maine back Twin Rivers' loans

BYLINE: SHAWN BERRY Legislature Bureau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 402  words


The New Brunswick government is extending a $7.5-million loan guarantee to Twin
Rivers Paper Company.

The provincial cabinet approved the five-year guarantee on Dec. 15. It's part of
a deal that also sees Maine's state financing authority insure much of a $5.27
million loan.

Twin Rivers, the new company that emerged after the bankruptcy of Fraser Papers,
operates the Edmundston pulp mill and the Plaster Rock sawmill. The company has
about 400 employees in New Brunswick.

"The province of New Brunswick is guaranteeing a new term loan of $7.5 million
as part of an overall financing package. This guarantee is part of a package for
working capital purposes to help preserve New Brunswick jobs," said Bruce
Macfarlane, a spokesman for Business New Brunswick.

Twin Rivers is a leading manufacturer of lightweight specialty packaging,
publishing and label papers. The company also has operations in Quebec and
Maine.

Its paper mill in Madawaska, Maine employs about 600. That plant gets its pulp
through pipes from the mill in neighbouring Edmundston.

Twin Rivers said the guarantees from Maine and New Brunswick will allow the
company to finance working capital requirements in support of the company's
strategic initiatives.

"This support from FAME (Finance Authority of Maine)and BNB and the continued
support of CIBC are expected to provide the momentum to allow us to continue
towards our strategic objectives while giving us greater financial flexibility
to manage our business," Wayne Johnson, vice- president of finance, said in a
statement.

The company said the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, its current lender, has
approved an extension and amendments to Twin Rivers' existing revolving credit
facility.

The Finance Authority of Maine has agreed to insure 90 per cent of a
$5.27-million loan.

In a statement, the authority said its actions will help accelerate the
company's strategic initiatives and help maintain jobs.

"Part of a larger financing package, the deal will enable the company to
maintain 630 jobs in Maine and 400 jobs in New Brunswick," a statement from the
authority said.

"FAME is pleased to support Twin Rivers Paper and the Madawaska mill, which is a
vital asset to the community and to the state as a whole. Our expectation is
that the mill will remain competitive on a global basis and continue to employ
hardworking Mainers," said Susan Snowden, the chairwoman of the authority's
board.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              July 7, 2009 Tuesday

The Daily Record News Briefs: July 7, 2009

BYLINE: The Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1110  words


Too many fliers?

The Baltimore County Council is considering a bill that would bar businesses
from leaving fliers on windshields. The council was scheduled to vote on the
bill Monday evening. The bill would also restrict delivery of unsolicited fliers
to homes and apartments. Advertisers would have to include a toll-free number on
each flier that homeowners could call to request that fliers no longer be
delivered to their address. Violators would face fines of $500 for a first
offense, and $1,000 for subsequent offenses. The county attorney's office said
it believes the proposal could withstand legal challenges.

Pratt Library hours

Enoch Pratt Free Library officials say budget constraints are forcing them to
close some library branches on some days and end late-night hours for the
telephone reference service. The Central Library will be open from 10 a.m. to 7
p.m. Monday through Wednesday and 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Thursday through Saturday.
The Telephone Reference Service will be open from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday
through Wednesday and 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. Thursday through Saturday. No full- or
part-time employees were laid off or furloughed. They all were transferred to
vacancies elsewhere within the system.

Community grants

The Neighborhood Grants Program of the Baltimore Community Foundation recently
awarded $107,713 in grants to 24 community-led projects in neighborhoods across
Baltimore City and Baltimore County. BCF's Neighborhood Grants Program is
supported in part by the William Donald Schaefer Civic Fund at BCF, created last
year as a living legacy for former Governor Schaefer. The recent sale of
Schaefer's house, donated to BCF, augmented the fund. Among those organizations
receiving grants are Ashland Garden Community, Brooklyn Church of God, and
Friends of Patterson Park, to name a few.

GM plant restart

Workers are preparing General Motors Corp. 's Powertrain Baltimore Transmission
Plant in White Marsh to return to full production. Plant spokesman John Raut
said about 40 people, including the maintenance, material and reliability
workers, returned to work Monday to get the plant ready to start. Raut says
about 200 hourly workers and 40 salaried workers will return Tuesday for full
production. The plant makes Pontiac six-speed Allison transmissions and a hybrid
2-mode. Raut says the plant was closed for about eight weeks because the plants
it supplies in Michigan and Texas were down.

New Energy device

Burtonsville-based New Energy Technologies Inc. will be field testing its
recently completed MotionPower prototype at a Burger King drive-thru in the New
York metro area. The prototype is designed to generate electricity from the
movement of cars and light trucks. Engineers hope the device could eventually be
installed at high-traffic locations such as toll booths, traffic intersections,
rest areas, travel plazas, border crossings, neighborhoods with traffic calming
zones, and drive-thrus. The firm has filed nine new patent applications with the
United States Patent and Trademark Office in order to protect novel features of
its technology.

Smiths Detection prototype

Edgewood-based Smiths Detection, in partnership with Physical Sciences Inc.,
will showcase a prototype of an advanced standoff chemical detector at the Utah
Dugway Proving Ground. Known as the Adaptive InfraRed Imaging System (AIRIS), it
provides the capability to detect, identify and track chemical material from
distances greater than five kilometers. Smiths Detection recently launched the
Light Chemical Detector 3.3. The company sells chemical detectors and warning
systems to armed forces and emergency response teams across the globe. Testing
of AIRIS will take place July 6-24.

Merkle acquisition

Merkle, based in Columbia, announced that its wholly owned subsidiary
CognitiveDATA is acquiring the Minneapolis-based catalog marketing services firm
CMS Direct. All three companies are privately held, and the value of the
transaction, which is expected to close July 31, was not disclosed. CMS Direct
employs approximately 50 at its Minneapolis office, which will remain the
operational center of CognitiveDATA's catalog marketing service offerings moving
forward.

USEC loan

Bethesda-based USEC Inc. is expecting the U.S. Department of Energy to make a
decision on a conditional commitment for a loan guarantee by early August. A
loan guarantee conditional commitment would allow the firm to continue with its
American Centrifuge Plant, currently being built in Piketon, Ohio. The American
Centrifuge project supports more than 5,700 jobs, and more than 2,300 additional
jobs would be created within a year once loan guarantee funding commences. USEC
has invested nearly $1.5 billion in the project and needs a DOE loan guarantee
to secure the substantial portion of the remaining financing needed to complete
the project.

Mikulski jobs program

Sen. Barbara Mikulski says she is seeking federal funds to help Maryland and a
private foundation continue an innovative program that puts low-income, mentally
ill people to work. The Maryland Democrat told a news conference Monday in
Frederick that she is seeking $725,000 in next year's federal budget to cover 8
percent of the cost. The state has committed about $6.5 million, and the Owings
Mills-based Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Foundation another $1.7 million. The
program is managed by the Baltimore-based Sheppard Pratt Health System.
Operators say it has helped 500 people find jobs since September.

Gilchrist award

Gilchrist Hospice Care, Maryland's largest hospice provider, has been awarded a
Circle of Life Citation of Honor from the American Hospital Association. The
recognition is a shared honor with Greater Baltimore Medical Center, of which
the hospice is an affiliate organization. Gilchrist was among five honorees
chosen this year out of 50 who applied for the awards program. The honors will
be presented July 24 at the American Hospital Association/Health Forum
Leadership Summit in San Francisco.

Rydex mutual fund

Rockville-based Rydex5/8SGI has introduced a mutual fund designed to provide
long/short exposure to commodities. The new Rydex5/8SGI Long/Short Commodities
Strategy Fund can provide exposure to up to 14 different commodity constituents
including natural gas, gasoline, heating oil, lead, Brent crude oil, WTI crude
oil, wheat, soybeans, corn, copper, aluminum, nickel, silver and gold. Long and
short positions are determined by the rules of the fund's underlying index,
which evaluate the historical price trend (and the consistency of the trend) of
each index constituent. The index is rebalanced on a monthly basis and features
a built-in risk management mechanism.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                           September 05, 2016 Monday

Maybank maintains stable SME loan repayment amid industry challenges

BYLINE: R Kamalavacini

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 402 words


Malayan Banking Bhd (Maybank) does not expect repayment delinquencies from the
small and medium entreprise (SME) segment despite the economic headwinds faced
by the country.

Senior executive VP and head of community financial services Datuk Hamirullah
Boorhan said Maybank's strong asset quality and customer base had resulted in a
positive loan repayment from SMEs.

Hamirullah said as at December last year, debt-to-equity ratio for SMEs was at
1.95% and as at June 2016, it was reduced to 1.9%.

"It's stable. We want to make sure that the ratio is lower than 2%. Anything
below 2% is good for us and certainly we will look to improve it.

"Generally in the (banking) industry, there are some stress. But with good asset
quality, we are able to manage (the stress) with good repayment from SMEs. Our
ratio is still stable," he said after the Maybank inked a partnership with
Credit Guarantee Corp Malaysia Bhd (CGC) to provide RM1.5 billion in loans to
SMEs under CGC's portfolio guarantee scheme.

Under the scheme, SMEs can apply for Islamic or conventional financing
facilities from Maybank from as low as RM50,000 to a maximum of RM1.5 million
with a fixed tenure of up to seven years.

While the application is processed by Maybank, 70% from the principal financing
will be guaranteed by CGC.

This is the third time Maybank has collaborated with CGC to provide such
financial assistance to SMEs.

In 2014, Maybank via CGC approved RM1.26 billion in financing while another
RM1.1 billion was channelled in 2015 to assist SMEs.

"We have improved the disbursement turnaround time from five working days to two
working days. We hope this will further help SMEs stay competitive," said
Hamirullah.

This year, Maybank aims to disburse loans amounting to RM3 billion to SMEs
compared to RM2.7 billion last year.

More than 6,000 SMEs have benefitted from the portfolio guarantee scheme since
Maybank partnered with CGC in 2013.

CGC president cum CEO Mohd Zamree Mohd Ishak said the corporation aims to
increase SMEs outreach by 15% in value and 5% in numbers this year.

Mohd Zamree said CGC is looking to provide RM4 billion in guarantees and
financing, and from that amount, 70% or RM2.8 billion would be derived from the
portfolio guarantee scheme.

"Despite the challenging times that we are facing both on the domestic and
global fronts, we remain cautiously optimistic that we will achieve our
targets," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            March 3, 2010 Wednesday

'Banks to revamp lending mechanism for agri financing'

LENGTH: 722  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, March 3 -- Syed Salim Raza, Governor State Bank of Pakistan has prodded
banks to revamp and restructure their agriculture lending mechanism through
innovative products and by adopting best practices.

Presiding over a mid-term review meeting of the 'Agricultural Credit Advisory
Committee' (ACAC) held at the State Bank of Pakistan on Tuesday, Raza said
future economic growth during the next four to five years and beyond will be led
by the agriculture sector.

"If we want to have sustained growth, it can only be achieved through developing
agriculture sector. Banks must come up with efficient ways to revolutionise
agriculture lending," he asserted.

He emphasised on the banks to adopt group-based lending, wholesaler lending to
Micro-finance Banks (MFBs), Micro-finance Institutions (MFIs) and lending to
small & marginalised farmers, who are in majority. Banks should devise
strategies for lending to farmers in livestock, dairy, fisheries, etc. and for
developmental purposes including farm implements, water conservation and
infrastructure, he added in this regard Habib Bank Ltd., National Bank of
Pakistan & Askari Bank Ltd. have made some good progress.

SBP Governor stressed banks should establish close liaison with farmers'
associations for financial literacy & marketing of agriculture industry, loan
products and for the recovery of outstanding loans. Similarly, farmers'
associations should also develop close linkages with banks, provincial
agriculture & extension departments, input suppliers, agriculture marketing
companies, etc. and arrange programmes to disseminate knowledge & skills to the
farmers at grass root level', he added.

Referring to several initiatives taken by the State Bank for promoting
agriculture financing, Mr. Raza talked about launching of Pilot Project Phase II
for disbursement of agri. credit in 28 underserved districts, introduction of
One Window Operation, relief package for agri loans in NWFP & FATA, 'Credit
Guarantee Scheme' for small farmers for war affected areas, refinancing facility
for modernization of rice husking mills & cotton ginning factories, training
programmes for the officials of Credit Administration & Risk Management
Departments of banks, etc.

He said the State Bank is working on the development of 'Credit Guarantee
Scheme' for small & marginalised farmers, simplification of agri lending
procedures & turnaround time, Model Shariah compliant products for agriculture
financing, market development for agri commodities through warehousing system
and trading at National Commodity Exchange Limited. The warehousing system will
facilitate small farmers to realise prices and avail banks' collateralise credit
through warehouse receipt.

While giving a brief overview of the sector, SBP Governor said that the
agriculture sector has shown an average growth of 4.5 percent in the last five
years and it provides livelihood to 66 percent of the population. However,
banks' credit to farmers has remained almost stagnant i.e. 42-45 percent of the
credit requirements of the farming community and approximately 2 million against
6.6 million farm household being served, he pointed out. The share of agri.
credit in total banks' credit has declined from 6.8 percent in 2005 to 4.7
percent in June 2009, while the target for agri credit for the current fiscal
year is Rs 260 billion against estimated overall credit requirement of Rs 533
billion. Mr. Raza pointed out that major reasons for the below par performance
of banks, as far as agri credit is concerned, are the lack of interest, product
development and human resource problems.

Representatives from farmers' associations and other stakeholders also pointed
out various hurdles in the promotion of agri financing. The SBP Governor asked
the banks to resolve the issues in disbursement of agri loans to the farming
community.

Representatives from Zarai Taraqiati Bank, National Bank and Habib Bank informed
the participants about various initiatives taken by these banks to boost agri.
credit. Representatives of commercial banks have assured the ACAC meeting that
the agri disbursement target of Rs 260 billion for this fiscal year would be
met. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For more
information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Sun (Hanover, PA)

                            October 6, 2001 Saturday

Recycling firm plans no cuts or closings;
Company with facility in Conewago Township has filed for bankruptcy protection.

BYLINE: By VERA KLINKOWSKY Evening Sun Reporter

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 517 words


Recycling Technologies International officials have no plans to cut jobs or
close the Conewago Township facility even though the company filed for
bankruptcy.

Officials filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy with the United States Bankruptcy
Court in Harrisburg Aug. 17 as a result of a cash shortfall and decreased sales
of 15 percent, said Timothy Leighty, vice president of operations.

Chapter 11 protects a business from creditors, allowing it time to reorganize
and turn business around.

Since June 1994, the company has recycled shredded tire material purchased from
permitted tire collectors and processors. The tire material is turned into
rubberized flooring, auto parts and other rubber products.

"There has been an industrial recession for a long time," Leighty said. "The
budgets of townships and businesses have tightened up and we are feeling the
brunt of it."

To help keep business afloat, Dodge-Regupol Inc. of Lancaster, which owns 50
percent of Recycling Technologies International, gave the company $600,000.

"We believe the company is undercapitalized and needed the money to continue
operations," said George Soukas, Dodge-Regupol chief financial officer. "I feel
within a year the company will be in a better position."

To keep Recycling Technologies' financial situation stable, Soukas said he hopes
the company can increase its current recycling rate of 50 million pounds of tire
material to make the company more profitable.

In June 2000 the business received a visit from Gov. Tom Ridge, who delivered a
$3.2 million state loan to the company. Recycling Technologies is required to
recycle more than 120 million pounds of shredded tire material originating from
Pennsylvania by 2008 under the terms of the grant, awarded through the
Department of Community and Economic Development loan.

The stipulations include the company giving priority to accepting shredded tire
materials from the Department of Environmental Protection's tire sites and from
cleanup by the Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and Pennsylvania
Cleanways.

Once the company fulfills the requirement, the loan becomes a grant and the
money does not have to be repaid, said Mary Marshall, spokeswoman for the state
department of conservation and natural resources.

The company used the $3.2 million loan to buy $2.8 million of equipment and make
$400,000 in facility upgrades, Leighty said.

The company, which employs 31 people, informed officials at the state Department
of Community and Economic Development about filing for bankruptcy during early
summer, Marshall said.

If the company does not complete the work, the company will be charged 2 percent
interest on the loan amount for last seven years, she said.

And if the company goes out of business before fulfilling the requirement of
recycling more than 120 million pounds of tire material, the state department of
conservation and natural resources would put a lien on the company's equipment
and require a guarantee from Dodge-Regupol that the loan will be paid in full,
Marshall said.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2001 The Evening Sun


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Global Capital Euroweek

                                  June 6, 2016

US backs another $1bn of Ukraine Eurobonds, timing unclear

BYLINE: Francesca Young

SECTION: UKRAINE US AID BOND

LENGTH: 335  words



HIGHLIGHT: Ukraine and the US have signed an agreement for a further $1bn of
loan warranties to be used on a five year Eurobond issue.


The Ministry of Finance said that it is expecting a "record low expected
interest rate of not higher than 2% p.a. "" the lowest interest rate in the
history of Ukraine" for the bond.

The guarantee is the third USAID loan warranty received by Ukraine from the US.
The previous two guarantees enabled Ukraine to tap the international capital
markets for $2bn, through $1bn 1.847% 2020s in 2015 and $1bn 1.844% 2019s in
2014. Citi, JP Morgan and Morgan Stanley placed the 2020s and Citi and JP Morgan
placed the 2019s.

The agreement was signed by Minister of Finance Oleksandr Danylyuk on behalf of
the Ukrainian government, by US Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffry Payett on behalf
of the US government and also by representative of the USAID mission Joel
Sandefour.

The loan warranty agreement is a part of the bilateral and multilateral economic
support for Ukraine which includes a four year IMF extended fund facility
programme.

"It reflects increasing support for the economic reforms pursued by the
Government of Ukraine," said the Ukraine Ministry of Finance. "The agreement is
aimed to support economic reform programmes of Ukraine which are also supported
by the IMF, USAID and other members of the international community. It should
also facilitate access of Ukraine to the international capital markets."

The ministry said the funds raised will be used to provide social aid to its
most financially vulnerable citizens to protect them against economic impacts
including rising gas prices.

A DCM official in London said that to his knowledge no banks have yet been
mandated for the new USAID backed Eurobond and that the timing of the deal is
unclear.

"The timing will probably be dependent on the IMF programme," he said. "I can't
see them printing it until the next tranche is released."

One analyst said that he expected a July agreement for the release of the next
credit tranche from the IMF. Jerome Vacher, an IMF representative in Ukraine,
said that the IMF will assess the state of reforms delivered over June.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EUROW


              Copyright 2016 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           January 16, 2016 Saturday

Safe Harbour shelter closure leaves 10 youth in danger of being homeless

SECTION: GREATER SAINT JOHN; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 927 words


SAINT JOHN * Safe Harbour, which opened less than a year ago, will close its
doors in two weeks leaving its board of directors scrambling to find homes for
10 youth.

Unless they come up with $540,000 to remove a lien on the new building,
unfortunately the doors will close, said Kit Hickey, Safe Harbour secretary and
treasurer.

"We have outstanding capital costs which must be paid," she said "And we were
not able to get a loan guarantee that we needed in order to finance the balance
of the construction costs."

The youth homeless shelter has been Jensen Robichaud's home for a little more
than a month.

Friday morning, the 17-year-old was canvassing the uptown area with a sign that
says "save Safe Harbour" in an attempt to keep the youth centre open, even if
for just a little bit longer, he said.

"I've got friends who've been through so much stuff, more than me," said the
teen, looking around at his Safe Harbour "family."

"And if this place shuts down they'll all be on the streets because most of them
have nowhere else to go. I have no where else to go (either)."

Staff have been delivered layoff notices, including Austin Perry, a youth
support worker, who said in an email Friday that the decision came as a
surprise.

"This is not such a great idea for the Saint John area, especially with so many
teens out on the street or just with no place to sleep for a night," he said,
adding he's worked at Safe Harbour since it opened in March 2015. "To think that
the kids as of now at Safe Harbour will not have a place to stay by the end of
January is terrifying.

"By Safe Harbour closing down, it will mean there is going to be a bigger
struggle for some teens that need to find a place to have a roof over their head
for a night or even two months."

Prior to construction, Safe Harbour received financial commitments from a number
of foundations and organizations - some firm, some conditional.

"Due to the urgent need for a facility like Safe Harbour in our community, we
proceeded with construction, confident that each conditional commitment would
become a firm agreement over time," said Hickey, adding they didn't consider the
impact changing economic and political factors would have on those commitments.
"Further problems arose when the costs of construction exceeded our original
budget in excess of $200,000."

The group has asked for a $100,000 grant and $440,000 loan guarantee from the
province, which would remove the lien and allow the group to continue with their
capital fundraising program.

The non-profit has been working diligently for many months hoping they would
find a solution to the outstanding debt, said Hickey.

"Unfortunately we were not able to do so," she said. "But we are continuing in
our efforts to secure the loan guarantee that we need in order to satisfy the
contractor. We are working very hard to avoid this closure. We are doing
everything that we possibly can."

Hannah Harvey, 17, is currently staying at Safe Harbour and said she found out
on her birthday, Thursday, she not only is being kicked out of her new home, she
is also pregnant.

"I have to worry about what I'm going to do not only for myself but another
person," she said. "I have no idea what I'm going to do because this is the
place I relied on."

Hickey reassured staff are working very closely with case managers from Social
Development and the Teen Resource Centre to ensure that all 10 youths at Safe
Harbour are adequately and safely rehoused.

"The truth is there is not a good alternative," she said. "But we are doing
everything we can, working with partner organizations and social workers, to
ensure each of our youth have a solid exit plan and somewhere to go."

Matthew McLeod, 21, another live-in resident, said the staff have helped him
with a number of things - housing, appointments, addictions problems and with
going back to school.

"This place is something that needs to be open in Saint John or there's going to
be an epidemic of problems like this."

Brenda Murphy, co-ordinator with the Saint John Women's Empowerment Network,
agreed.

"This is a concern to the community because we know the youth being helped there
were housed safely and had their basic needs met but, it also got them back into
school, completing their education and hopefully moving on from there," she
said.

Since the youth transition house opened last March, the facility has helped 55
youth with such things as housing, counselling and educational needs.

"For me the biggest piece is education," said Murphy. "I know our premier talked
earlier this week about education as the key to eliminating or reducing poverty.

"And so the risk is great with these youth that they will no longer continue
their education if they are no longer in a safe environment."

If Safe Harbour cannot find a way to keep its doors open, the building will be
sold to pay the outstanding capital costs, said Hickey.

"First and foremost we need to remove the lien," she said, adding it will
hopefully be done with a combination of a grant and loan guarantee. "We are
confident we can fundraise 50 per cent of the ($425,000) operating budget, but
need a commitment from a major funder for the other half - this is critical not
only for the obvious financial aspects but because of the leverage it would give
us with other potential funders."

Robichaud said Friday that he won't stop fighting for his home and will continue
to canvass the uptown area for help of any kind. "I'm a fighter for the things I
believe in, and Safe Harbour is one of them," he said. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 28, 1978, Thursday, Final Edition

Religious Leaders Backed in Plan to Reopen Steel Mill

BYLINE: By Marjorie Hyer, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A28

LENGTH: 574 words


A coalition of religious leaders seeking federal backing for an ambitious plan
to reopen a Youngstown mill yesterday won the promise of a $100 million federal
loan guarantee if it comes up with a plan acceptable to the government.

In addition, presidential assistant Jack H. Watson Jr. told a delegation from
the Mahoning Valley (Ohio) Ecumenical Coalition that their proposal for
reopening the plant under community ownership will "get priority attention" from
the administration's lateragency Coordinating Committee, of which he is
chairman.

Watson who chaired the 95-minute White House meeting with the coalition leaders,
promised to get back to them within three weeks with the federal government
response to the proposal.

Yesterday's promise of federal assistance came a little over a year after the
colsing of most of the Campbell Works of the Youngstown Sheet and Tube Co.,
which ultimately cost the community an estimated 7,700 jobs.

Even before the plant closed, Protestant, Catholic and Jewish leaders had come
together, first to deal with the shock of the sudden, massive unemployment and
then to see if economic alternatives could be found.

The Ecumenical Coalition commissioned a $350,000 study, funded by the Housing
and Urban Development Department, by the Washington-based National Center for
Economic Alternatives.

The study concluded that it was technically feasible to reopen the plant as a
worker-and-community-owned operation.  But the cost for the unique venture was
put at $525 million over a period of eight years, with most of the money coming
from loans.

Robert T. Hall, assistant secretary of commerce, who also met withthe coalition
leaders yesterday, said that the $100 million in guaranteed loans has been "set
aside for a project which is economically viable" to deal with the Youngstown
situation.

The report by the National Center for Economic Alternatives envisions loan
guarantees of $300 million, a figure Watson told reporters he did not consider
outlandish.  He added that he had "very little doubt that we can, between the
public sector and the private sector, put something together that cna work."

The coalition will also make a formal request for a $16 million grant HUD,
according to the Rev. John Sharick, vice chairman.  He said this would be part
of an estimated $50 million needed to purchase the cosed down plant and put
together a management team to operate the facility.

Within the past eight months the coalition has raised a little more than $4
million from Youngstown local residents, and organizations.

Some of the church leaders indicated privately that they were counting on the
political pressures of the November election to give them added leverage with
the Carter administration.

A poll commissioned by the Republican National Committee and published Sept. 10
by the Youngstown Vindicator showed that both President Carter and Democratic
incumbent Congressman Charles J. Carney trailing markedly in the perception of
voters as to who is "having an impact" on the area's economic crisis.

"This political thing works in our favor," observed the Rev. Charles Rawlings of
Cleveland.

"I don't think the Democrats can win without our support," he said of the large
numbers of clergy throughout Ohio's industrial area allied with the Coalition.
That support, he indicated, would be for many clergy, contingent on the
administration's reaction to the economic crisis.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Announces Major Investments to Modernize Service, Improve the
Reliability of Rural Electric Systems

LENGTH: 393  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is investing more
than $518 million in rural electric cooperatives to improve the delivery of
electric power to communities in 15 states. This funding is part of nearly $50
billion that USDA has invested in infrastructure improvements since 2009.

"We must invest in America's infrastructure to promote sustainable economic
development in our rural and urban communities," Vilsack said during a White
House summit on infrastructure financing. "Enhancements to the nation's electric
grid make a huge difference for communities across the country and support
President Obama's efforts to build a stronger rural economy."

More than $23 million in today's funding is targeted for smart grid
improvements, which better manage and increase efficiencies in our nation's
electric system. Smart grid technologies, such as automated meter reading and
load management automation, allow for more efficient control over the use of
power to better meet customers' needs. USDA has a long history, dating back to
1935, of working with rural utilities to deliver infrastructure and service
improvements. Through the years, these investments have brought new economic and
social opportunities and have enhanced the quality of life in the nation's rural
communities.

The investments announced today are provided through USDA's Rural Utilities
Service (RUS), which also administers infrastructure programs that bring
broadband, safe drinking water and improved wastewater treatment facilities to
rural communities.

Today's loan guarantees for electric systems will build or improve more than
5,600 miles of line in rural areas. For example, in New Mexico, a $14.1 million
loan will fund a 1 MW photovoltaic facility, 74 miles of line, and make other
system improvements. The loan includes $518,400 for smart grid projects and $3.4
million for the renewable project. The Carroll Electric Membership Corporation
in Carrollton, Ga., will receive $20.6 million to build or upgrade 441 miles of
line and devote $93,000 to smart grid technology.

The following is a complete list of loan recipients and projects receiving
funding under today's announcement.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Announces Major Investments to Modernize Service, Improve the
Reliability of Rural Electric Systems

LENGTH: 393  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is investing more
than $518 million in rural electric cooperatives to improve the delivery of
electric power to communities in 15 states. This funding is part of nearly $50
billion that USDA has invested in infrastructure improvements since 2009.

"We must invest in America's infrastructure to promote sustainable economic
development in our rural and urban communities," Vilsack said during a White
House summit on infrastructure financing. "Enhancements to the nation's electric
grid make a huge difference for communities across the country and support
President Obama's efforts to build a stronger rural economy."

More than $23 million in today's funding is targeted for smart grid
improvements, which better manage and increase efficiencies in our nation's
electric system. Smart grid technologies, such as automated meter reading and
load management automation, allow for more efficient control over the use of
power to better meet customers' needs. USDA has a long history, dating back to
1935, of working with rural utilities to deliver infrastructure and service
improvements. Through the years, these investments have brought new economic and
social opportunities and have enhanced the quality of life in the nation's rural
communities.

The investments announced today are provided through USDA's Rural Utilities
Service (RUS), which also administers infrastructure programs that bring
broadband, safe drinking water and improved wastewater treatment facilities to
rural communities.

Today's loan guarantees for electric systems will build or improve more than
5,600 miles of line in rural areas. For example, in New Mexico, a $14.1 million
loan will fund a 1 MW photovoltaic facility, 74 miles of line, and make other
system improvements. The loan includes $518,400 for smart grid projects and $3.4
million for the renewable project. The Carroll Electric Membership Corporation
in Carrollton, Ga., will receive $20.6 million to build or upgrade 441 miles of
line and devote $93,000 to smart grid technology.

The following is a complete list of loan recipients and projects receiving
funding under today's announcement.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            January 12, 2010 Tuesday

ECC raises sugar price by Rs7/kg

BYLINE:  IMRAN ALI KUNDI

SECTION: Vol. XXIII No. 340

LENGTH: 525  words


The Economic Coordination Committee (ECC) of the Cabinet on Tuesday decided to
increase the price of sugar at the outlets of Utility Stores Corporation (USC)
by Rs 7 per kilogram. The ECC met under the chairmanship of Federal Finance
Minister Shaukat Tarin at the PM Secretariat. Ministry of Industries and
Production briefed about the progress of implementation of the National Sugar
Policy 2009-10.

Sources informed TheNation that the decision has been taken because sugar is
available almost at double rates (above Rs 70 per kg) in the open market as
compared with the rates at USC. In this regard, Ministry of Industries and
Production presented a proposal to increase the price of sugar by Rs 7 per kg
i.e. from Rs 38 to Rs 45 per kg. The ECC also approved the bailout package for
Pakistan Steel Mills in view of the acute financial crunch experienced by PSM.

The meeting approved bail out package for PSM to meet its requirements, term
loan facility of Rs 8 billion for 5 years in favour of Pakistan Steel based on
government guarantee by consortium of banks led by the National Bank of
Pakistan. Running finance facility of Rs 2 billion, renewable on yearly basis,
would also be available in favour of Pakistan Steel Mills based on government
guarantee by consortium of banks led by the NBP.

The ECC agreed that there should be timely announcement of support price for
wheat, and ensuring timely availability of farm inputs at affordable prices with
special emphasis on water conservation and its judicious use. The ECC gave
approval to the measures including export of rice to Middle East, Iran, Europe
or any other market on government-to-government basis. It said sales and exports
would be done through qualified agents and brokers, while $ 900 per tonne would
be the minimum base price for super basmati within 5 percent limit of broken
rice.

Standardised Security Agreements was also approved in meeting for hydropower
projects under the Policy for Power Generation 2002. The ECC authorised the
Board of PPIB to approve any project specific amendment in the Standardised
Security Hydropower. The ECC approved the recommendations of the Committee on
Revival of Risalpur Export Processing Zone, which include allowing export of the
manufactured goods from the REPZ as trading items to Afghanistan via land route.
Export Processing Zone Authority, Board of Directors, will decide revision of
lease rates/annual ground rent, meanwhile 30 percent export of manufactured
goods to tariff area will be allowed.

It was also approved that provinces might avail re-lending of the foreign loans
on the same terms and conditions on which loans are signed by the government. In
this regard the provinces would be allowed to issue their own bonds. While
considering the issue of passing on the German grant/soft loan to PPAF for
livelihood support and promotion of small community infrastructure project, the
ECC approved relaxation of following terms before signing the Agreement: Passing
on of Euro 14,860,399.40 grant to Project Executing Agency (PPAF) as a grant,
and passing on of Euro 16,701,660.86 loan to Project Executing Agency (PPAF) as
a grant.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2010 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Transnet lands R6bn US funding guarantee

BYLINE: LINDA ENSOR

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 351  words


Transnet lands R6bn US funding guarantee

CAPE TOWN - Transnet has secured a R6bn funding guarantee from US export credit
agency, Export-Import Bank of the US (US-Exim) for the funding of the diesel
locomotives the company is buying from General Electric (GE).

Transnet group CE Brian Molefe said yesterday that the guarantee was & a massive
thumbs-up from the international investor community, affirming Transnet's
creditworthiness and SA's attractiveness as an investment destination.

& The guarantee from US-Exim enables Transnet to raise funds in the markets for
the financing of the GE locomotive transaction,& Mr Molefe said.

& It allows for Transnet to negotiate favourable repayment terms, including the
tenor and interest rates,& he said.

& The required funding will be raised through bank loans supported by the
US-Exim guarantee.

& The terms of funding to be backed by the guarantee will be dependent on a
number of factors, including market conditions, pricing and investor appetite.&
The facility will be drawn over a three-year period in line with the locomotives
delivery schedule. The repayment period is 14 years. Mr Molefe said this term
would extend Transnet's debt maturity profile while improving the match between
assets and liabilities.

In March, Transnet announced an agreement to purchase 599 electric and 465
diesel locomotives from four original equipment manufacturers, including GE. The
guarantee is mainly intended for GE's share of the locomotives, which is 233
locomotives as well as other acquisitions from the manufacturer.

The locomotives are part of Transnet's locomotive fleet renewal programme - a
key element of the company's seven-year R312bn investment programme. The
majority of the locomotives are to be built at Transnet's facilities in SA.

Mr Molefe said the agreement was in line with the company's agreed funding
strategy which was premised on diversifying sources of finance in a
cost-effective manner. Funding from the debt capital markets accounts for only a
third of Transnet's investment programme, the remainder will be raised from cash
generated from its operations.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 African Banker

                               September 24, 2012

EBID's prospects remain encouraging

LENGTH: 1214 words


In sound financial shape and enjoying sustained growth, the ECOWAS Bank for
Investment and Development (EBID) prospects are encouraging.

Established in 2004 to replace the former Fund for Cooperation founded in 1975
with a capital of about $1.5bn, 70% held by the 15 member statesof the Economic
Community of West African States (ECOWAS), ECOWAS Bank for Investment and
Development (EBID) plays a key role as a stimulator of growth within the 15
state ECOWAS regional economic community, grouped in an economic space that
stretches over six million square kilometres with a population of about 307m.

After reporting a net loss of UA3.1m in 2010, the ECOWAS Bank for Investment and
Development (EBID) posted a profit expressed in Units of Account (UA -
equivalent to the Special Drawing Right (SDR) of the International Monetary Fund
of UA1.886m in 2011 by consolidating its operational activities.

Compared with December 2010, an analysis of the provisional audited accounts of
the Bank reveals an increase of 6.8% on the total balance sheet, which rose from
UA285,228m to UA304,700m.

The consolidation of the financial intermediation activities of EBID in a
difficult economic context where Africa is still reeling from the effects of the
euro-zone crisis, bodes well for a healthy financial standing and, above all,
translates into the ambitions of one of the most dynamic development financing
institutions of the continent.

EBID intervenes in both the public and private sector with a particular focus on
infrastructure that continues to be the bane of the sub-region. In 2010, the
Bank adopted a Strategic Plan for the period 2010-2014 with three major
priorities: infrastructure development, rural development and private sectors
development. The Bank aims to inject $1.5 billion into the economy of the
subregion ; that is US$300m each year for five years.

After eight years of operations between 2004 and 2011, the Bank approved 138
projects for a total amount of about $1.45bn

At the end of December 2011, the level of its total commitments amounted to
UA619 million, the equivalent of $985m for 107 active projects in sectors as
diverse as infrastructure, transportation, energy, telecommunications, industry,
and the environment.

In pursuit of the objectives set by the Board of Governors of EBID, operations
undertaken by the Bank from 1 January to 31 December 2011 were targeted at
strengthening its interventions in the 15 member states, improving the
management of the institution and intensifying its resource mobilization
strategies to finance operations.

Midway through the implementation of this programme, the immediate conclusions
are that the Bank has not relented in its quest for additional sources of
financing that can significantly support its loan portfolio that constitutes the
sole guarantee for its viability and profitability. Beyond that, the actual
effects of the interventions of this financial institution in the regional
economy have been that at least $160m in financial resources have been mobilised
in 2011 alone. The Bank also intends to mobilise $70m from Afrexim Bank and IDC.

With regard to operational activities during the year 2011, 21 projects,
including 16 private projects were appraised. The board also approved the
financing of 17 projects including 13 direct loans, three equity participations
and one guarantee for a total of UA118,488,034 ($188.66m).

With regard to agreements signed, the volume of loans granted by the Bank in
2011 amounted to UA105,966,063 ($168,718,106) for the implementation of 15
projects in Benin, Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, The Gambia, Guinea, Nigeria,
Sierra Leone and Togo.

In respect of supervision, 22 projects were monitored during the period. Faced
with the increased growth of the volume of its commitments, the Bank continued
to enhance its capital base through stable and technical resource mobilisation
activities with bilateral partners both outside and within ECOWAS in order to
support its interventions. The bilateral partners are primarily the Government
of India, the Global Environment Facility (GEF), the African Development Bank
(AfDB), the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa (BADEA), the French
Development Agency (AFD), AFREXIM BANK, the OPEC Fund for International
Development (OFID), the Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) of South Africa
and the Office of Technical Assistance (OTA) of the US Treasury.

The Bank has never relented in its quest for additional sources of financing
that can significantly support its loan portfolio that constitutes the sole
guarantee for viability and profitability. In all, not less than $160m in loan
resources have been mobilised for the year 2011 alone. At the same time, the
Bank is to mobilise $70m from Afrexim Bank and IDC..

EBID is thus firmly committed on several fronts as evidenced by the dynamism of
its operational activities which increased by 12. 3% thanks to its volume of
commitments from 1 January to 31 December 2011 compared to the situation as at
the end of December 2010.

Despite these performances and efforts made in this area, EBID's main challenge
remains the mobilisation of adequate resources, especially at the community
level to enable the Bank to fully focus on its role as a development lever and a
catalyst for growth in the region, and to live up to its billing as an efficient
instrument for the fight against poverty, wealth creation and employment
genration for the welfare of the people of the region. n

EBID: Bashir Mamman Ifo, a manager from within as President

Having headed the ECOWAS Bank for Investment and Development as acting President
following the departure of Mr. Christian Narcisse Adovelande, Bashir Mamman Ifo
was appointed President of the Bank by the Board of Governors during their
meeting held on Monday 10th October, 2011 in Accra, Ghana.

Bashir Ifo is, essentially, a humble, courteous and easily approachable man.
Known for being industrious, particular and rigorous, the EBID's president (who
has effectively been at the helm of the Bank for two years) has been nurturing
high ambitions for the Bank where he has built his entire career.

Ifo is 52-years old and hails from Nigeria. As the then vice-president in charge
of Finance and Corporate Services, a position he had held since December 2007,
he assumed the interim of the former president of EBID, when his predecessor was
called upon to head a sister financial institution that is also located in Lome,
the Togolese capital.

Ifo belongs to the new breed of African managers. He was privileged to
participate and witness the institutional and strategic reforms of EBID,
particularly the transformation that took place in 1999. At the time he was
appointed as vice-president in charge of Finance and Corporate Services, he had
already served 13 years within the international financial institution.

He joined the ECOWAS Fund in 1995 where he occupied a number of senior positions
in the Departments of Finance, Treasury and Administration.

A banking and finance graduate from the prestigious Ahmadu Bello University,
Zaria Nigeria, Ifo also holds an MBA in Business Administration (Finance).

ECOWAS Bank for Investment and Development (EBID)

128 Boulevard du 13 janvier, BP : 2704 Lomé - Togo | Tél : +228 22-21-68-64 |
Fax : +228 22-21-86-84

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: 156


                         Copyright 2012 IC Publications
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 African Banker

                               September 24, 2012

EBID's prospects remain encouraging

LENGTH: 1214 words


In sound financial shape and enjoying sustained growth, the ECOWAS Bank for
Investment and Development (EBID) prospects are encouraging.

Established in 2004 to replace the former Fund for Cooperation founded in 1975
with a capital of about $1.5bn, 70% held by the 15 member statesof the Economic
Community of West African States (ECOWAS), ECOWAS Bank for Investment and
Development (EBID) plays a key role as a stimulator of growth within the 15
state ECOWAS regional economic community, grouped in an economic space that
stretches over six million square kilometres with a population of about 307m.

After reporting a net loss of UA3.1m in 2010, the ECOWAS Bank for Investment and
Development (EBID) posted a profit expressed in Units of Account (UA -
equivalent to the Special Drawing Right (SDR) of the International Monetary Fund
of UA1.886m in 2011 by consolidating its operational activities.

Compared with December 2010, an analysis of the provisional audited accounts of
the Bank reveals an increase of 6.8% on the total balance sheet, which rose from
UA285,228m to UA304,700m.

The consolidation of the financial intermediation activities of EBID in a
difficult economic context where Africa is still reeling from the effects of the
euro-zone crisis, bodes well for a healthy financial standing and, above all,
translates into the ambitions of one of the most dynamic development financing
institutions of the continent.

EBID intervenes in both the public and private sector with a particular focus on
infrastructure that continues to be the bane of the sub-region. In 2010, the
Bank adopted a Strategic Plan for the period 2010-2014 with three major
priorities: infrastructure development, rural development and private sectors
development. The Bank aims to inject $1.5 billion into the economy of the
subregion ; that is US$300m each year for five years.

After eight years of operations between 2004 and 2011, the Bank approved 138
projects for a total amount of about $1.45bn

At the end of December 2011, the level of its total commitments amounted to
UA619 million, the equivalent of $985m for 107 active projects in sectors as
diverse as infrastructure, transportation, energy, telecommunications, industry,
and the environment.

In pursuit of the objectives set by the Board of Governors of EBID, operations
undertaken by the Bank from 1 January to 31 December 2011 were targeted at
strengthening its interventions in the 15 member states, improving the
management of the institution and intensifying its resource mobilization
strategies to finance operations.

Midway through the implementation of this programme, the immediate conclusions
are that the Bank has not relented in its quest for additional sources of
financing that can significantly support its loan portfolio that constitutes the
sole guarantee for its viability and profitability. Beyond that, the actual
effects of the interventions of this financial institution in the regional
economy have been that at least $160m in financial resources have been mobilised
in 2011 alone. The Bank also intends to mobilise $70m from Afrexim Bank and IDC.

With regard to operational activities during the year 2011, 21 projects,
including 16 private projects were appraised. The board also approved the
financing of 17 projects including 13 direct loans, three equity participations
and one guarantee for a total of UA118,488,034 ($188.66m).

With regard to agreements signed, the volume of loans granted by the Bank in
2011 amounted to UA105,966,063 ($168,718,106) for the implementation of 15
projects in Benin, Burkina Faso, Côte d'Ivoire, The Gambia, Guinea, Nigeria,
Sierra Leone and Togo.

In respect of supervision, 22 projects were monitored during the period. Faced
with the increased growth of the volume of its commitments, the Bank continued
to enhance its capital base through stable and technical resource mobilisation
activities with bilateral partners both outside and within ECOWAS in order to
support its interventions. The bilateral partners are primarily the Government
of India, the Global Environment Facility (GEF), the African Development Bank
(AfDB), the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa (BADEA), the French
Development Agency (AFD), AFREXIM BANK, the OPEC Fund for International
Development (OFID), the Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) of South Africa
and the Office of Technical Assistance (OTA) of the US Treasury.

The Bank has never relented in its quest for additional sources of financing
that can significantly support its loan portfolio that constitutes the sole
guarantee for viability and profitability. In all, not less than $160m in loan
resources have been mobilised for the year 2011 alone. At the same time, the
Bank is to mobilise $70m from Afrexim Bank and IDC..

EBID is thus firmly committed on several fronts as evidenced by the dynamism of
its operational activities which increased by 12. 3% thanks to its volume of
commitments from 1 January to 31 December 2011 compared to the situation as at
the end of December 2010.

Despite these performances and efforts made in this area, EBID's main challenge
remains the mobilisation of adequate resources, especially at the community
level to enable the Bank to fully focus on its role as a development lever and a
catalyst for growth in the region, and to live up to its billing as an efficient
instrument for the fight against poverty, wealth creation and employment
genration for the welfare of the people of the region. n

EBID: Bashir Mamman Ifo, a manager from within as President

Having headed the ECOWAS Bank for Investment and Development as acting President
following the departure of Mr. Christian Narcisse Adovelande, Bashir Mamman Ifo
was appointed President of the Bank by the Board of Governors during their
meeting held on Monday 10th October, 2011 in Accra, Ghana.

Bashir Ifo is, essentially, a humble, courteous and easily approachable man.
Known for being industrious, particular and rigorous, the EBID's president (who
has effectively been at the helm of the Bank for two years) has been nurturing
high ambitions for the Bank where he has built his entire career.

Ifo is 52-years old and hails from Nigeria. As the then vice-president in charge
of Finance and Corporate Services, a position he had held since December 2007,
he assumed the interim of the former president of EBID, when his predecessor was
called upon to head a sister financial institution that is also located in Lome,
the Togolese capital.

Ifo belongs to the new breed of African managers. He was privileged to
participate and witness the institutional and strategic reforms of EBID,
particularly the transformation that took place in 1999. At the time he was
appointed as vice-president in charge of Finance and Corporate Services, he had
already served 13 years within the international financial institution.

He joined the ECOWAS Fund in 1995 where he occupied a number of senior positions
in the Departments of Finance, Treasury and Administration.

A banking and finance graduate from the prestigious Ahmadu Bello University,
Zaria Nigeria, Ifo also holds an MBA in Business Administration (Finance).

ECOWAS Bank for Investment and Development (EBID)

128 Boulevard du 13 janvier, BP : 2704 Lomé - Togo | Tél : +228 22-21-68-64 |
Fax : +228 22-21-86-84

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: 156


                         Copyright 2012 IC Publications
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            December 4, 2007 Tuesday

'Marginally viable today'; Forestry Even with a $17-million loan from the
province, no guarantees for Atholville mill

BYLINE: Reid Southwick Telegraph-Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 633  words


The manager of an Atholville pulp mill is offering no guarantees it will stay in
the province over the long term, even after it received a multi- million-dollar
loan from the Liberal government.

Business New Brunswick officially announced Monday a $17.3-million investment in
the mill, with the only condition that its owners match the funding and spend it
on upgrades.

The mill, owned by Aditya Birla Group, a global conglomerate, and Tembec Canada,
a national forestry firm, said it will spend the total $32.3-million investment
on key upgrades to remove bottlenecks in the mill's operations, boosting its
daily capacity from 300 to 360 metric tonnes, and keeping 275 workers employed.

But Peter Vinall, president and chief executive of AV Group, which manages the
mill, said Monday there are "no guarantees" it will continue operating over the
longer term.

"We're marginally viable today, and with these investments we will be viable for
the foreseeable future," he said. "But things can change; the exchange rate can
go up, energy prices can change. There are many, many variables to consider. "

AbitibiBowater announced last week unstable market conditions are forcing it to
close its Dalhousie mill next January, putting roughly 350 people out of work.

That is the latest development to rock the province's forestry sector, as just
61 mills are left in the province and only 16 of those are operating at full
capacity.

Mark Arsenault, president and chief executive of the New Brunswick Forest
Products Association, said Monday AV Cell's unwillingness to make a long-term
commitment to stay in the province is justified, given these market
uncertainties.

"No company can foresee their future under these circumstances," he said. "
Guarantees are difficult to make in difficult times. Obviously, you want to see
investments and people working toward solutions."

A spokesman for Business New Brunswick echoed Arsenault's comments.

"There is always an uncertainty as it's a tough sector of the economy," said
Ryan Donaghy. "But it's certainly a good sign when a company has the foresight
to invest in their facility to do upgrades, to increase their capacity in order
to compete in the global market place.

Vinall said the upgrades are among the mill's top priorities in the foreseeable
future.

"The important thing for us is to focus on the things that we can control and
not be distracted by the things that we can't control," he said.

The AV Group president said the firm will work aggressively to improve its
operating costs and overall efficiencies, and step up its lobby efforts with the
province in a bid to bring down energy and wood costs.

Vinall said he will be meeting with provincial officials in the near future to
advocate a series of policy proposals that will accomplish his overall goals.

Two of those proposals include a reduction in the cost of Crown wood and the
extension of a policy that places a levy on the sale of sawmills between
operators in the province and another levy if Crown wood allocations exchange
hands.

Funds from the sales, according to the policy, are re-allocated into the
community to pay for economic development.

The policy, announced in August, was designed to compel smaller outfits to bow
out of the game while others increase their holdings and benefit from the
efficiency of larger production. The policy is up for renewal at the end of this
month, though no decision has yet been made.

"We have a significant amount of dormant capacity in the province, and it's time
for some change," said Vinall, referring to the mass volumes of Crown land left
by closed mills in Bathurst, Miramichi and, soon, Dalhousie.

"There needs to be some natural mechanisms to allow natural consolidation, being
mindful of the local communities and the need to do our best to preserve jobs."

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2007 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Mt. Vernon Register-News (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 10, 2008 Wednesday

New business coming to King City

BYLINE: Tesa Culli, Mt. Vernon Register-News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


Sep. 10--MT. VERNON -- The city will be getting a new business, as an Idaho
company has been given the thumbs up by the Revolving Loan Committee to receive
$120,000 for equipment for a new production facility.

High Ridge Designs, LLC, located in Victor, Idaho, caters to a niche market
selling, designing and creating resort T-shirts and sweat shirts.

"Our customers are resorts and the recreation industry across the country,"
Hondo Miller of High Ridge Designs told members of the committee on Tuesday. "We
ship a ton of product to the east coast, and we've been trying to find a good
way to help with the cost by opening another facility ... We've been evaluating
opening a more eastern printing facility."

Three couples started the company in Idaho, but have their roots in St. Louis
and Kansas City, Mo. Miller said local businesswoman and city council member
Mary Burgan and Chris Barker are friends, and "the light bulb went off."

"We started talking with Mary, who we knew had a building," Miller said. Miller
explained the company will be leasing a 21,000 square foot section of the former
Heavy Duty/Dowser building on Industrial Drive from Burgan, and has already
shipped some equipment to the site.

The company will not be accepting local orders for T-shirts, concentrating on
its developed market.

"No revenues will be going out of the community, but we'll be bringing business
into the community," Miller said of the company plans, adding orders and
accounting will continue to be part of the Idaho operation, with printing and
shipping being the primary focus of the Mt. Vernon facility.

The committee approved a $120,000 loan at 2.75 percent interest for seven years.
The loan will be secured with the equipment and a personal guarantee from Miller
and his wife.

The recommendation from the committee will go to the City Council for final
consideration.

To see more of Mt. Vernon Register-News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Mt. Vernon Register-News,
Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080910-VR-New-business-coming-to-King-City-0910

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VR


                                 Copyright 2008


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            February 5, 2016 Friday
                               Australian Edition

MacBank CAF unit bulks up

BYLINE: Gretchen Friemann, Financing

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 508  words


Macquarie's low-profile corporate and asset finance business continues to
expand, seeing asset growth of 23 per cent during the December quarter.

The business, which extends from aircraft leasing to car dealer financing, has
emerged as a key contributor. Just five years ago it supplied just 10 per cent
of Macquarie's profits. In 2015 that figure more than doubled to 27 per cent,
transforming the unit, as chief executive Nicholas Moore pointed out yesterday
in a quarterly update held in Sydney, into a top contributor to the group's
overall earnings, outstripped only by Macquarie's Asset Management division.

Yet the division known as "CAF" remains out of the spotlight. Its joint head,
Ben Brazil, nicknamed "Brains" by his former mentor, Mr Moore, remains an
elusive figure who shuns publicity.

He finally made an appearance yesterday, addressing the market for the first
time about how the relatively opaque lending unit is run.

In the early days, Mr Brazil's appearance at CAF attracted media attention.
Macquarie had recently received a government guarantee and commentators claimed
the sudden expansion of a little known division was designed to capitalise on
the bank's top notch credit rating at the expense of taxpayers. CAF was accused
of cashing in on a favourable spread that enabled it to source money cheaply and
capture hefty returns.

The accusation was that CAF was cashing in on the spread - the cost of sourcing
the money and the return.

It's a line adamantly rejected by Macquarie, which stressed the bank pays 1 per
cent a year for all funding issued under the guarantee, equating to
approximately $200m per year. A spokesperson said the bank had not issued new
debt under the guarantee since August 2009.

Yet the expansion of CAF is viewed as another example of Macquarie's enduring
ability to reinvent itself.

In his presentation, Mr Brazil, who led the bank's failed attempt to buy out the
London Stock Exchange in 2005, stressed his unit's strategy centred on two
central pillars: flexibility and a thirst for returns.

The lending arm now oversees a $10.1bn loan portfolio, and holds close to 500
exposures across a diverse range of companies and sectors. Its list of borrowers
in Australia included Sydney Airport, AGL, Genesis Healthcare and Mantra Hotels.

One of its largest and highest-profile loans was to the failed toll road,
Brisconnections, which was recently sold to Transurban for close to $2bn. That
transaction is expected to close within the next few months, although it's not
clear whether the returns from CAF's exit will wash in to the annual results.

Either way, Mr Brazil stressed the deal was not "significant" to the group's
profits.

The high-ranking banker, who is also a director of Crown Casinos and a confidant
of billionaire James Packer, told investors and analysts his unit adopted an
"open minded and flexible approach" to funding and the deployment of capital.The
central principle, he stressed, was to ensure "that whatever return level is
available more than compensates for the risk we are taking on".

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                            January 30, 2011 Sunday

Pitfalls of Property Acquisition, By Ubosi [analysis]

BYLINE: Chudi Ubosi

LENGTH: 2037  words


The Nigerian real estate market provides one of the most unique markets in the
entire world, with prices rivaling major world cities on a per square metre
basis. Lagos-based realtor,

, in this treatise lists 10 vital points of note on property acquisition in the
country. He laments that the real estate in question is hardly serviced by
adequate physical and social infrastructure, and the fact that top dollar or
pound is being paid to live in the best neighborhoods on offer does not
guarantee the best in terms of basic amenities, which are taken for granted in
other climes.

A key issue of property acquisition in Nigeria is that real estate values are
high. Nigeria has one of the highest real estate values in the world in relation
to the infrastructure and services offered by the neighbourhoods where these
properties are sited.

One of the major problems with property acquisition in Nigeria is the absence of
long-term mortgage facilities, similar to what obtains in the developed
countries of the world. This has been attributed to the absence of savings by
individuals and so the bulk of money available to the financial institutions for
lending are short-term deposits with 90 percent of them having less than 365-day
tenor.

The import of this is that the few building societies and primary mortgage
institutions operating in Nigeria as well as the financial institutions can
barely seriously finance property acquisition. Though it is regularly claimed by
these institutions that they will provide the necessary finance, it is not
difficult to discover that the facility is indeed a commercial loan couched as a
mortgage loan with interest rates sometimes reaching as high as 20 to 25 percent
per annum.

The institution set up by government to facilitate home ownership was the
Nigeria Building Society - now Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria (FMBN). One of
the objectives of the bank is to provide finance for Nigerians to purchase or
build their own homes through the National Housing Fund (NHF).

The conditions for accessing the facility - a maximum of N15 million - are
stringent, and only the patient and persistent end up accessing same. Up till
last year the maximum anybody could be loaned was N5 million. This N5 million
limit may have been a large sum of money in the 1970s but, with the astronomical
rise in values, it would hardly make an impact on the finances of those who can
really access it.

The most current figures on the FMBN website indicate that the two years
preceding 2005, the bank collected N15 billion as contribution from
stakeholders, whilst giving out N10 billion as loans, and this was for the
delivery of 13,672 units of housing at various locations nationwide.

There is also the high cost of registering/formalising title in the name of the
purchaser. Many states charge what is known as a Consent Fee. This is basically
saying that the governor of the state in which your property is located has
consented to your purchase of the property. These powers are derived from the
Land Use Act of 1978.

In Lagos State for example, this consent fee is usually charged at 15 percent of
the property value and is made up of stamp duties and capital gains tax, among
others. The fact that one can pay the 15 percent Consent Fee does not also
guarantee speedy processing of title change, and the process can take from a
minimum of about three months in Lagos to as much five years in other states.
The public service beaurcracy and bottlenecks see to that.

Once again, it is advisable that as soon as a property purchase transaction is
concluded, the buyer should commence the process of title perfection in his/her
name.

Gated communities exist all over Nigeria, and it is usually advisable to as much
as possible locate one's residence within them.

The reason is not farfetched: as a result of the poor impact of government,
residents within these communities band together to provide themselves with
facilities and services.

Security is better, cleanliness of the roads; drainage and cutting of lawns is a
communal issue. Of course, a monthly levy is paid by all residents usually
dependant on property size and accommodation. The residents associations are
made up of residents and they basically administer the estate.

These associations are so strong that they can sometimes control and influence
the quality and density of development on properties to be developed within
their estates.

This may sound very strange to the uninitiated in matters of land transactions
in Nigeria, but it is true, particularly for private land.

A registered title document is not a guarantee that you will have peace on your
newly bought land or property. This is in the sense that there may be on-going
litigation - which can sometimes take as long as 15 years before resolution -
and which may escape the eyes of a lawyer, during the process of undertaking due
diligence on the title documents.

There is also the case of unresolved disputes over land/property ownership
despite registered title to same.

The solution remains the use of a good property lawyer (not all lawyers are well
versed in the intricacies of property transactions no matter how much they may
say to the contrary) and the thorough investigation of title not only at the
Land Registry but also with a few well placed questions about the vendor and the
reasons for the sale.

There is a phenomenon in the Nigerian real estate market called the "omo onile."
This literally translates to the "children of the owners of the land."

It is a development that originated in the south western part of Nigeria, but is
fast gaining ground in other areas of the nation.

These "omo onile" appear at your newly acquired site when construction is about
to commence, and they insist on being paid certain sums of money as a gratuity
for being descendants of the original owners of the land. Refusal to acquiesce
can sometimes lead to frivolous court cases, meant to be of nuisance value, to
threats of violence and sometimes violence. It remains an issue that defiles
solution and property purchasers have had to live with the antics of these
miscreants.

Titles from the government remains the most secure, but available data indicate
that only three percent of the total land in Nigeria has such registrable title.

Finally, it is always advisable that as soon as a property is bought the
perfection of title in your name should be commenced and concluded soonest.

It is very important that as much as possible a thorough due diligence of
facilities provided in a property are undertaken before payment is effected.
Water supply, electric sockets, switches, roof, kitchen cabinets should all be
carefully checked out.

There have been experiences of cases where sockets, switches and electrical
fittings were installed, but no wiring in the conduit pipes.

Ensure that the vendor has approved building plans and tax clearance
certificates, among others. As small as these issues may seem they can become
very frustrating matters when trying to perfect title in the name of the buyer.

Also check that the property does not flood during the rainy season - a very
common problem in Lagos Island and many other parts other parts of Nigeria.

If there are any renovations or modifications promised by the vendor to
facilitate the sale, these must be properly documented and agreements reached on
enforcing/implementing them before payment is made.

It is usually doubly difficult to get vendors to fulfill their obligations to a
buyer once payment has been fully made.

The only recourse is legal and as the Nigerian experience has highlighted, it is
usually a long, torturous route.

In the process of buying a property, it may turn out that the property is
occupied by a paying tenant, the vendor or a relation.

Experience over the years has shown that it is best to insist on vacant
possession simultaneously with payment or have in place very firm enforceable
agreements for vacant possession, if that is to come after the purchase is
concluded.

The reasons are obvious. A buyer could be left with a litigious tenant several
years after purchase of a property.

The best way once again to guarantee that agreements made are kept is that a
certain percentage of the sale price is withheld by the purchaser to be released
only upon vacant possession.

Though it sounds difficult to believe, residents of even the high brow areas of
Nigeria with the highest land and rental values, still provide their own
services.

Public services in Nigeria are non-existent and where they exist at all are very
unreliable.

Therefore in making a purchase of property, one must factor in the cost of a
generator - two these days: a small 5 - 7 KVA, to run during the day and a
larger 25 - 40 KVA to run through the night when all the air conditioners and
other appliances are working.

Boreholes, where they are not already available on the property must be provided
to ensure regular supply of water.

Provisions must be made to employ your own security men, as most likely your
intended purchase is already tucked behind a high fence for the same security
purposes.

Efficient refuse disposal is usually by private arrangement, despite the
promises of the public workers and local government staff.

It is common practice that luxury apartments when let in many parts of Nigeria
are charged separately for provisions of services, such as electricity,
security, refuse and gardening. This figure is sometimes as high as 15 percent
of the rent paid.

One major issue about property acquisition which is coming to fore gradually,
but which has been a major parameter in most of the developed world, is that as
much as possible purchase your home near your office, or your spouses office, or
something that has a correlation to a significant part of your life.

This is because, for instance, commuting in Lagos, and many parts of Nigeria can
be frustrating, with Lagos topping the list. Two to three hours of commute time
on regular days, going up to four to five hours on a rainy day as a result of
traffic, is part and parcel of life in Lagos.

The usual advice is: do not stay in Lagos if you don't have to. Nigeria has
numerous other opportunities outside Lagos, with the attendant good quality life
that we all seek and deserve.

Despite the foregoing, Lagos still accounts for over 60 percent of the economic
activities of Nigeria. It remains difficult to avoid Lagos as much as many
people would love to.

Property values in Nigeria appreciate rapidly, and the reason can be understood
with the following statistics.

Nigeria has a population of about 150 million citizens with over 50 percent of
the population distribution made up of age group 19 - 65 years.

According to the United Nations statistics, less than 20 percent of the
population of people in that age group is adequately housed by their (UN)
standards.

Add to this, the fact that the housing shortfall in Nigeria as a nation is put
very conservatively at 15 million units, made up of various types of
accommodation.

Lagos as a state has an estimated population of 12 - 15 million people with an
additional positive net in flow of at least 800 - 1000 people daily.

These statistics have been provided to highlight the reasons for the acute
housing shortage in Nigeria and the resultant huge demand pressure that is
brought to bear on the available stock of property either for lease or sale.

This pressure causes a rapid rise in values - both rental and capital
particularly in the major commercial cities of Nigeria - Lagos, Abuja and Port
Harcourt. Rental return can also be as high as 10 percent per annum in many
locations.

This rapid rise in values makes property acquisition in Nigeria a viable
investment option. Property capital values are known to sometimes rise as much
as 15 - 20 percent per annum.

The market remains firm despite the much-touted economic crisis and should
remain firm even in the foreseeable future, as there is no plan either by the
government or private sector to drastically tackle the housing shortfall
problem.

The Nigerian read estate market remains firm despite the upheavals caused by the
global economic crisis. The investment opportunities and returns in all sectors
- commercial, industrial and residential remain very attractive.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                           September 6, 1991, Friday

Britain grants biggest loan since Tiananmen

BYLINE: By Catherine Sampson in Peking and Our Foreign Staff

SECTION: Overseas news

LENGTH: 361 words


BRITISH banks have agreed to lend China Pounds 100 million. It is the biggest
loan secured by Peking since the suppression of the pro-democracy campaign in
June 1989.

The money will finance the building of an ethylene plant, the biggest project
covered by th Pounds 300 million concessional finance package offered by the
British government in September 1988 but frozen when sanctions were imposed
after the killings of pro-democracy demonstrators in Tiananmen Square by the
security forces.

The deal, underwritten by a syndicate of nine London-based banks led by the
Midland, was signed in Peking on the last day of John Major's visit to China.
The British embassy in Peking insisted that the timing was merely coincidental.

Restrictions on loans to China were removed last December. The agreement for the
Pounds 100 million loan had been initialled long before Mr Major's visit was
announced.

Britain and other Western countries cut off official loans, high-level
government contacts and military co-operation after the Chinese army opened fire
on unarmed demonstrators in June 1989. The European Community lifted all but the
military embargo last October.

The signing of the loan agreement signals the normalisation of economic
relations in the same way that the prime minister's visit reflected the
normalisation of diplomatic relations. The two events may have been timed to
coincide.

The loan, repayable over 20 years, is at a preferential rate of interest of less
than 5 per cent. It will enable the Chinese authorities to import equipment from
Britain for the construction of the ethylene plant with an annual capacity of
140,000 tonnes in the northwestern region of Xinjiang. The factory is part of a
vast petrochemical project which is partly financed by foreign credit.

Britain's biggest government-backed loan to China last year was for just Pounds
12 million. The Pounds 100 million loan is 100 per cent underwritten by the
Export Credit Guarantee Department. The participating banks, apart from the
Midland, are Barclays, NatWest, Kleinwort, Schroder Wagg, Morgan Grenfell,
Chartered West, Banque Paribas and the HongKong and Shanghai.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 Times Newspapers Limited


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eastern Wake News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 29, 2008 Friday

Burr celebrates milestone financing deal with EWA

BYLINE: Denise Sherman, Eastern Wake News, Zebulon, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 580 words


Aug. 29--ZEBULON -- From a dream written on a napkin to a $7.5 million
renovation project, East Wake Academy is on the move.

U.S. Sen. Richard Burr announced last Wednesday USDA Rural Development financing
for a new facility just on the heels of the school opening its senior academy.

The future 25,000 foot facility will house classrooms, a media center and a
library for all of its high school students, said headmaster Brandon Smith.

Smith said the school anticipates increased enrollment and will need the
additional space.

East Wake Academy obtained a $1.8 million low interest loan from U.S.D.A. Rural
Development for the renovation of the Zebulon Civic Center into its senior
academy which opened last month.

That facility was toured by guests after a ceremony -- complete with pageantry
and speeches. Its renovation was actually the reason Burr and USDA state
director John Cooper visited the school.

But at the last minute, the financing for East Wake Academy's second phase came
through. While Burr was there to celebrate the building of facilities, he said
character, commitment and conviction mean more than brick and mortar.

"There is nothing in life you can't achieve if you're willing to commit the time
it takes to succeed," he said. Burr told two stories to hit home his points. He
told of the people of Stoneville, N.C. picking up the remnants of their Main
Street, brick by brick, after a tornado. He said he saw the fabric of a
community at work.

"If one piece elects not to integrate, it makes the community that much weaker,"
he said.

He also told of Helen Keller's response to a reporter who asked her if there was
anything worse than being blind.

Her response: To have her sight, but lose her vision.

Burr said East Wake Academy had not lost its vision.

Smith, who later told Burr his hometown was Stoneville, said EWA has tripled
since 2002 with 940 students currently enrolled in grades K-12.

EWA's graduation rate is 85 percent, compared to the state rate at 69 percent,
said Smith. He also noted that each member of the class of 2008 has been
accepted into a college or university.

John Cooper, state director of USDA, Rural Development, said the government
department makes loans in communities of less than 20,000 and commercial loans
in towns less than 50,000.

Cooper, along with Wake County Sheriff Donnie Harrison, gave personal testaments
to education.

Cooper said he grew up on a tobacco farm in Sampson County and wanted to help
other people develop their gifts. And Harrison, the sheriff of the second
largest county in North Carolina, listed education as one of the ingredients of
his success.

U.S.D.A. Rural Development will provide a $6.5 million bond guarantee to Cape
Fear Farm Credit along with a $1 million community low interest loan for the
construction of the new 25,000-square-foot building.

The event opened with colors presented by the cub scouts from Pack 522, and a
rousing "I'm Proud to be an American," by Angela Millenbaugh, EWA chorus
director.

Contact Denise Sherman at 269-6101, ext. 101, or dsherman@nando.com

To see more of the Eastern Wake News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.easternwakenews.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Eastern Wake News, Zebulon,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080829-ZB-Burr-celebrates-milestone-financing-deal-with-EWA-0829

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZB


           Copyright 2008 Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, North Carolina)


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                 April 28, 1999

RM490mil loans taken under SCES facilities since 1995

SECTION: Business; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 310 words


THE Export-Import Bank of Malaysia Bhd has approved a total of RM490
million worth of loans under its Supplier Credit Export Services
facilities since the bank's inception in August 1995.

Exim Bank senior manager Engku Husaimi Hazmi said yesterday that
cumulative disbursements made to commercial banks for its Export Credit
Financing since Jan 1 last year amounted to RM6.18 billion.

Approvals under the Buyer Credit and Overseas Investment Credit
facilities were RM1.47 billion of which RM209 million had been approved in
the form of guarantee, Huzaimi said at a seminar on "Towards the
development of Malaysian exporters community" in Kuala Lumpur.

The Supplier Credit Export Services, Export Credit Financing and Buyer
Credit and Overseas Investment Credit facilities are some of Exim Bank's
initiatives to help local companies finance their export activities.

"Through the Buyer Credit and Overseas Investment Credit facilities, the
bank has been able to assist Malaysian companies in exporting and
investing in countries such as Vietnam, Indonesia, China, Namibia, Papua
New Guinea, Cambodia and South Africa," Huzaimi said.

The projects included building construction, telecommunications, highway
construction and export of palm oil machinery, he said.

Meanwhile, Bank Negara director of exchange control department Mohamad
Radzi Kechik said the various policy measures introduced to overcome the
country's economic and financial problems had yielded positive results.

"The business environment has turned favourable, making it easier for
businessmen to conduct operations."

Among the major factors contributing to this favourable environment were
the pegging of of the ringgit which facilitates business planning, the
increased allocation by the Government to various special funds, and lower
interest rates.


LOAD-DATE: May 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1999 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            December 22, 2008 Monday

Banks urged to use SBP financial inclusion initiatives

BYLINE: OUR STAFF REPORTER

LENGTH: 1078 words


KARACHI - Deputy Governor State Bank of Pakistan, Yaseen Anwar on Monday
stressed upon all commercial banks, microfinance banks and microfinance
institutions to utilise State Bank's initiatives regarding agricultural,
microfinance and SME financing to create an enabling environment for financial
inclusion of the rural population.

Speaking at Asia Pacific Rural And Agricultural Credit Association's (APRACA)
FinPower Program on Rural Finance held at State Bank of Pakistan in Karachi,
Anwar said that banks should undertake their best efforts to meet the maximum
credit needs of the rural community.

"Innovations in product development and adoption of best practices are the need
of the hour that would assist in developing the rural economy, eradicating
poverty and increasing food security," he added. APRACA is a regional forum for
sharing knowledge of international best practices of the region in agri/rural
finance. State Bank is a member of APRACA.

Highlighting State Bank's initiatives to promote rural finance in the country,
Anwar said that the SBP has formulated a separate Development Finance Group to
synergise all rural finance activities vis agriculture, SME and microfinance. In
addition to this group, other arms of SBP are contributing in aligning its
policies to the initiatives and developments for encouraging the banks to adopt
development finance as a viable business, he added.

He said agriculture lending has received a significant boost as the banks have
met their targets over the past 5 to 6 years and the agri. disbursement has
increased to Rs 212 billion in FY 2007-08 from Rs 39 billion in FY 1999-2000.

Under the new paradigm, SBP has taken several initiatives in the last 7 years
which, inter alia, include the induction of 14 domestic private banks in
agricultural credit scheme, besides the five big banks and two specialized banks
viz. ZTBL & PPCBL, standardization of loan documents and issuance of guidelines
for livestock, fisheries, poultry and horticulture financing.  Further, to
resolve the issue of the farmers for fresh documentation for input loans on each
crop loans, a Revolving Credit Scheme for three-year credit limits with one-time
documentation was introduced. To implement SBP's initiatives at the regional
level, separate Development Finance Support Department and its units have been
established at SBP-BSC.

He said to mitigate the risk of banks and the farming community against losses
caused by natural calamities, the SBP has developed a Crop Loan Insurance
Framework with the help of a Task Force comprising of representatives of banks,
leading insurance companies, the farming community and other stakeholders. Based
on SBP's framework, a mandatory crop loan insurance scheme has been introduced
from Rabi crop 2008-09 for major crops, viz. wheat, cotton, rice, sugarcane and
maize, he added.

"SBP is striving to establish a farmer-friendly market based financial sector in
the country to meet the increasing credit requirements of the agriculture
sector," he added.

Referring to microfinance sector, he said that the SBP has developed a national
strategy to target 3 million microfinance clients by 2010 and 10 million by
2015. Currently, MFBs and MFIs have an outreach of 1.8 million borrowers. SBP
has identified three concurrent steps the industry needs to undergo in order to
fulfil its set goals viz; Sustainable and cost covering operating/business
model; Mobilization of private domestic capital; and building human resource
capacity/systems.

Anwar said in order to develop these critical components of the microfinance
industry, SBP has undertaken several steps, that includes but not limited to,
launching the Financial Inclusion Program (FIP), aimed at eliminating market
failure and improving access to financial services. FIP is a ú50 million program
funded by the UK Department for International Development (DFID), he said and
added it includes a Microfinance Credit Guarantee Facility aimed at providing
incentive to banks / DFIs to channelise funds to MFBs/MFIs for on-lending to low
income segment of the population.

"The facility will provide a credit guarantee for up to 40 percent of funding
provided by banks/DFIs and aims to develop the market and graduate poor
borrowers to mainstream financial service providers," he said.

SBP Deputy Governor said that the Institutional Strengthening Fund is designed
to build capacity of the microfinance sector and is expected to enhance the
potential for growth and create depth in outreach by improving human resource
quality, service delivery and increase service availability to prudential
microfinance clients. The improving Access to Finance Service Fund is designed
to enhance capacity of the microfinance sector and promotes financial literacy
in the country. Besides the above, SBP has issued Branchless Banking guidelines,
which is the regulatory framework to promote banking in

remote/rural areas, he said.

Talking about the SME sector, he said that the sector is confronted with a
number of demand side constraints, including a lack of bookkeeping at SMEs,
missing succession planning, rare strategic objectives or business planning, low
level of financial literacy, unskilled human resources, lack of collateral, etc.

On top of these, there is an issue of availability of formal credit to SMEs
which hinders the progression of smooth growth of this sector. The banks also
consider financing to SMEs and Rural Entrepreneurs (RE) as risky ventures; hence
they are shy of lending to rural sector enterprises. The issues at the bank
level include non-aggressive lending strategies by banks, absence of specific
products offered for SMEs, and a perceived high-risk area by the banks, etc.

He said to motivate banks for lending to SMEs and Rural Enterprises, SBP has
taken several initiatives. He said that SBP has also completed an ADB-funded
project for Strengthening Secured Transaction Framework. The project is aimed at
enhancing SMEs, agri-farmers' and rural entrepreneurs' access to formal source
of finance by establishing a system of charge creation on moveable and immovable
assets of small borrowers in urban and rural areas. Based on the study, the
necessary amendment in the Legal Framework has been suggested to the government.
Rose Cooray, Assistant Governor Central Bank of Sri Lanka and member of APRACA,
also shared the experience of Sri Lanka's rural finance policies & programs with
participants of the programme.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2008 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            June 17, 2009 Wednesday

Understanding relative terminology

BYLINE: DAVID CAMPBELL Economically driven

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 747  words


In the past few months there have been many stories in the media about
government's use of taxpayer funds or the tax system in the name of economic
development. The media has been filled with stories of corporate bailouts,
corporate loans, loan guarantees, tax incentives, etc. The most notable story
has been that of the automobile manufacturing sector "bailout" but there have
been many more across Canada and in New Brunswick.

To clear up confusion, I thought I would provide you with a little primer on how
governments use taxpayer funds to support economic development and offer a few
comments on why, in certain instances, this is necessary.

I would like to clarify the difference between a loan and a loan guarantee. You
might have read in the local media recently about the New Brunswick government
giving a big loan guarantees to a private company while at the same time cutting
education funding. Many of the stories forgot to include the definition of a
loan guarantee or made no effort to distinguish for readers the difference.

A loan guarantee involves the government guaranteeing that a company's line of
credit or some other financial facility is guaranteed by the government in case
of default. The government is not spending a single penny. This is exactly what
the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. does for virtually every first-time
homebuyer's mortgage.

Occasionally, a company may default and the government may have to honour that
loan guarantee but it is the exception rather than the rule.

Another financial tool the government of New Brunswick uses is something called
a forgivable loan. A forgivable loan is a cash payment directly to a company
that is structured as a loan but the company is not required to pay it back if
they meet certain conditions. Usually these conditions include the creation and
maintenance of a certain number of jobs. It is not really a loan. It is a grant
as long as the company meets its obligations. Think of it as a grant with
protection for the taxpayer investment.

Sometimes governments take part ownership of a company. In these cases, the
government will provide funds to a company in return for an equity stake
(shares). This is quite rare in Canada but the recent case of General Motors and
Chrysler are significant examples.

There are people who believe that under no circumstances should government be
giving taxpayer dollars directly to businesses or offering tax incentives to
encourage business investments. I don't happen to agree with this position for
two main reasons.

First, every U.S. state and Canadian province offers some form of financial
incentives to industry in the name of economic development, as do the vast
majority of municipal governments. As for federal governments in both Canada and
the United States, they transfer billions of dollars each year directly to
companies. I suppose you could still argue New Brunswick should unilaterally
disarm and stop offering any kind of corporate incentives but I think the risk
associated with this would be very high.

I am not supportive of government giving out taxpayer money for just any reason.
Without the right approach, governments could end up propping up firms with bad
business models just to satisfy a local political motive.

For the most part, government incentive programs should only be used to drive
economic growth or productivity and innovation efficiencies. However, in certain
circumstances, government financial support to help out a struggling company may
be justified.

There are huge social costs in Canada and provinces such as New Brunswick need
to generate economic activity to pay for these costs.

A loan guarantee that protects hundreds of jobs will potentially save millions
in tax revenue that would be lost if the company went under.

In addition, for every hundred people who lose their jobs, the taxpayer could
end up paying over a million dollars in employment insurance payments. In
certain cases, it just makes good sense.

These are difficult economic times and governments are tending to be intervening
in the private economy more than they would in better times. We will get through
this recession and hopefully get back to focusing on growing New Brunswick's
economy and addressing our structural challenges. I prefer to have government as
a partner with the business community in that effort.

David Campbell is an economic development consultant in Moncton. He writes a
daily blog, It's the Economy Stupid, at www.davidwcampbell.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: Nevada Rural Housing Authority, Nevada Housing Division, USDA Rural
Development Recognize Lender Partners

LENGTH: 494  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

November 18, 2014

The Nevada Rural Housing Authority (NRHA), Nevada Housing Division (NHD) and the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development teamed up to
recognize several business partners at their Lender Appreciation luncheon, held
at The Grove, on November 18.

In honor of Nevada's 150th birthday, the Lender Appreciation Luncheon had a
sesquicentennial theme and lenders were recognized for going the extra mile to
assist their clients. Loan officers also discussed what they were thankful for
and donated items to Food for Thought during the event to assist the hungry and
malnourished children in our community.

The following honorees were recognized at the event:

USDA:


·         Frontier Award: Mann Mortgage

·         Explorer Award: Eagle Home Mortgage

·         Pinnacle Award: Guild Mortgage

NRHA Awards:


·         Rookie of the Year: Roberto Castillo, Greater Nevada Mortgage

·         Battle Born Award: Movement Mortgage

·         Triple Crown Award: Kyle Rush, Guild Mortgage

NHD Awards:

Helping Our Heroes Home Award: Guild Mortgage
    Making the Dream Possible Award: Lisa Fleck, Summit Funding
    Sesqui-Sensational Award: Academy Mortgage

NHD/NRHA Combo Award

·         You Rocked It Trophy: Jorge Montoya, Guild Mortgage

About the Nevada Rural Housing Authority
The Nevada Rural Housing Authority creates hope for the future by providing a
full range of housing and community development programs that help build and
sustain independent communities. They provide rental support, an innovative home
financing program, needs assessments and economic development to Nevada's
fifteen rural counties and the rural portions of Clark and Washoe counties, with
a coverage area including 110,000 square miles. For more information, visit
www.nvrural.org.

About USDA
USDA Rural Development is committed to helping improve the economy and quality
of life in rural America. Their financial programs support such essential public
facilities and services as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics,
emergency service facilities and electric and telephone service. USDA Rural
Development has a $181.1 billion portfolio of loans and will administer $38
billion in loans, loan guarantees and grants through their programs in the
current fiscal year. For more information, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov.

About the Nevada Housing Division

The Nevada Housing Division was created by the Nevada Legislature in 1975, when
it was recognized that a shortage of safe, decent, and sanitary housing existed
throughout the State for low- and moderate-income Nevadans. Their mission is to
improve quality of life by providing affordable housing opportunities. For more
information visit www.housing.nv.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            January 12, 2010 Tuesday

Economic Coordination Committee increases sugar prices by Rs. 7 per kilogram

SECTION: Vol. XV No. 12

LENGTH: 610  words


The Economic Coordination Committee of the Cabinet (ECC) met under the
chairmanship of Federal Minister for Finance, Shaukat Tarin at the PM
Secretariat here on Tuesday increased the sugar prices by Rs. 7 to be sold
through USC retail outlets and its new price will be Rs.45 per kg.

According to a press release issued here, the meeting also approved the strategy
designed for ensuring regular supply of major as well as minor crops in order to
sustain food security

It further says the meeting was briefed by Ministry of Industries and Production
on progress on implementation of the National Sugar Policy 2009-10 and decided
to rationalize the price of sugar.

The main elements of the strategy approved by the committee included: Timely
announcement of support price for wheat and intervention/indicative price for
major and minor crops. Ensuring timely availability of farm inputs at affordable
prices with special emphasis on water conservation and its judicious use.
Setting area and production targets of major and minor crops in consultation
with stakeholders.Enhancing farmer's access to modern crop varieties and new
technologies and promoting adoption of good agricultural practices for
production of major and minor crops. Improving marketing systems for various
agricultural commodities. In case of shortage of essential food commodities,
their supply will be ensured by the public and private sectors through imports
and maintenance of buffer stocks.

While discussing the subject of disposal of super basmati rice 2008-09 crop, the
ECC gave approval to the measures for disposal of rice lying in PASSCO godowns:
The ECC also approved the Standardized Security Agreements for hydropower
projects under the Policy for Power Generation 2002. The ECC authorized the
Board of PPIB to approve any project specific amendment in the Standardized
Security Hydropower Agreements required during negotiations provided GOP
obligations or liabilities are not increased.

The ECC approved the recommendations of the Committee on Revival of the Risalpur
Export Processing Zone which include:i. Allowing export of the manufactured
goods from the REPZ as trading items to Afghanistan via land route. Revision of
lease rates/annual ground rent will be decided by Export Processing Zone
Authority, Board of Directors. 30% Export of manufactured goods to tariff area
will be allowed. I view of the acute financial crunch experienced by the
Pakistan Steel Mills, the ECC approved the following Bail Out Package for the
PSM to meet its requirements for working capital and implementing its business
plan: Term loan facility of Rs. 8 billion for 5 years in favour of Pakistan
Steel based on Government of Pakistan Guarantee by Consortium of Banks led by
the NBP.. Running Finance Facility of Rs.2.00 billion, renewable on yearly
basis, in favour of Pakistan Steel Mills based on Government guarantee by
Consortium of Banks led by the National Bank of Pakistan.

While considering the issue of revision of re-lending policy of foreign loans
/credits, the ECC approved that provinces may avail re-lending of the foreign
loans on the same terms and conditions on which loans are signed by the GOP. In
this regard the provinces would be allowed to issue their own bonds.

While considering the issue of passing on the German grant/soft loan to PPAF for
livelihood support and promotion of small community infrastructure project, the
ECC approved relaxation of following terms before signing the Agreement: Passing
on of Euro 14,860,399.40 grant to Project Executing Agency (PPAF) as a grant.
passing on of Euro 16,701,660.86 loan to Project Executing Agency (PPAF) as a
grant.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            January 12, 2010 Tuesday

ECC increases sugar prices by Rs. 7 per kg

SECTION: Vol. XV No. 12

LENGTH: 622  words


The Economic Coordination Committee of the Cabinet (ECC) met under the
chairmanship of Federal Minister for Finance, Shaukat Tarin at the PM
Secretariat here on Tuesday increased the sugar prices by Rs. 7 to be sold
through USC retail outlets and its new price will be Rs.45 per kg.

According to a press release issued here, the meeting also approved the strategy
designed for ensuring regular supply of major as well as minor crops in order to
sustain food security

It further says the meeting was briefed by Ministry of Industries and Production
on progress on implementation of the National Sugar Policy 2009-10 and decided
to rationalize the price of sugar.

The main elements of the strategy approved by the committee included:
Timely announcement of support price for wheat and intervention/indicative price
for major and minor crops.      Ensuring timely availability of farm inputs at
affordable prices with special emphasis on water conservation and its judicious
use.      Setting area and production targets of major and minor crops in
consultation with stakeholders.      Enhancing farmer's access to modern crop
varieties and new technologies and promoting adoption of good agricultural
practices for production of major and minor crops.        Improving marketing
systems for various agricultural commodities.      In case of shortage of
essential food commodities, their supply will be ensured by the public and
private sectors through imports and maintenance of buffer stocks.

While discussing the subject of disposal of super basmati rice 2008-09 crop, the
ECC gave approval to the measures for disposal of rice lying in PASSCO godowns:
The ECC also approved the Standardized Security Agreements for hydropower
projects under the Policy for Power Generation 2002. The ECC authorized the
Board of PPIB to approve any project specific amendment in the Standardized
Security Hydropower Agreements required during negotiations provided GOP
obligations or liabilities are not increased.

The ECC approved the recommendations of the Committee on Revival of the Risalpur
Export Processing Zone which include:

i.          Allowing export of the manufactured goods from the REPZ as trading
items to Afghanistan via land route.   Revision of lease rates/annual ground
rent will be decided by Export Processing Zone Authority, Board of Directors.
30% Export of manufactured goods to tariff area will be allowed. I view of the
acute financial crunch experienced by the Pakistan Steel Mills, the ECC approved
the following Bail Out Package for the PSM to meet its requirements for working
capital and implementing its business plan:    Term loan facility of Rs. 8
billion for 5 years in favour of Pakistan Steel based on Government of Pakistan
Guarantee by Consortium of Banks led by the NBP..       Running Finance Facility
of Rs.2.00 billion, renewable on yearly basis, in favour of Pakistan Steel Mills
based on Government guarantee by Consortium of Banks led by the National Bank of
Pakistan.

While considering the issue of revision of re-lending policy of foreign loans
/credits, the ECC approved that provinces may avail re-lending of the foreign
loans on the same terms and conditions on which loans are signed by the GOP. In
this regard the provinces would be allowed to issue their own bonds.

While considering the issue of passing on the German grant/soft loan to PPAF for
livelihood support and promotion of small community infrastructure project, the
ECC approved relaxation of following terms before signing the Agreement:
Passing on of Euro 14,860,399.40 grant to Project Executing Agency (PPAF) as a
grant. passing on of Euro 16,701,660.86 loan to Project Executing Agency (PPAF)
as a grant.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            East Anglian Daily Times

                             March 9, 2013 Saturday

Private firms receive £2.2m council loans

BYLINE: Joanne Ward

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 422 words


THE way that £2.2million of public money has been loaned to private businesses
will be examined by a council task group.

A report to St Edmundsbury Borough Council's overview and scrutiny committee
revealed that hundreds of thousands of pounds had been paid out to cinemas,
leisure centres and golf clubs and not yet been paid back in full.



David Nettleton, who chairs the committee, said: "We are not a bank and members
were concerned about these loans given that we were having to face cutbacks in
Government funding and a freeze on council tax. Therefore should we be lending
out money to other organisations, especially things like a cinema?"

Council documents state that the authority makes loans, which includes a level
of interest, to promote economic growth, enhance sports and leisure facilities
and promote energy efficiency or environmental improvements at council premises.


Among the loans is £150,000 to Abbeycroft Leisure, to carry out improvements at
two council-owned sports centres, repayable over five years.

A total of £120,000 was loaned to City Screen to "help the development" of the
Hatter Street cinema, including improvements to the facade, reorganisation of
the foyer and improving catering facilities.

Christ Church on Moreton Hall received £55,000 - with £30,000 being pledged in
1994 and a further £25,000 in 1998 - while developers of the Suffolk Business
Park, Churchmanor Estates Company, have received £271,393 of a £750,000 loan.

Mr Nettleton said: "As you can see from the report, these loans go back to 1994
and it's been going on for some time. And of course it doesn't fit the treasury
management criteria, which is before the council lends out money it has to have
tight guarantees of the return of the money and what to do if it doesn't come
back. We're trying to get a policy together."

Mr Nettleton said he hoped the six members of the task and finish group, of
which he is one, will meet with finance officers and the finance director in
March ahead of April's cabinet meeting.

Dave Ray, cabinet member for resources for St Edmundsbury, said there are very
few loan requests and they are all assessed to make sure they will help the
local community.

He added: "If it passes that test we want to make sure there is adequate
security for the loan and also that we get a reasonable return from it. We want
to make sure that by using the council tax payers' money in this way, not only
helping the local community but we're also getting a better return for that
money than we would have done otherwise."

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EAD


                    Copyright 2013 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

Convention Center Authority seeks $3M bridge loan for new hotel

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


Feb. 25--The Erie County Convention Center Authority is seeking a $3 million
bank loan to help finance its plans for a new hotel connected to the Bayfront
Convention Center.

The authority's board of directors last week approved soliciting proposals for
what's known as bridge financing related to the project, which also includes a
parking garage.

The money will help the authority take care of "immediate needs" such as
engineering, architectural fees and other design-related costs, said Chuck
Iverson, the authority's director of finance and administration.

The bulk of the project's funding will come from a $25 million state grant and
up to $60 million in bond financing Erie County government has agreed to
guarantee.

The bond financing will be finalized later in the year.

"We'll borrow this money for the short term, and use the funds from the bond to
pay those off," Iverson said.

Iverson said the authority will publicly advertise for bridge financing
proposals later this week.

Iverson said that such bridge financing is not uncommon on projects that involve
funding from the state's Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program, as the
authority's hotel development does.

RACP is a state grant program for economic, cultural or civic improvement
projects that provides reimbursements for costs related to capital improvements.

"This is not atypical at all with an RACP grant involved," Iverson said. "There
always has to be some mechanism for you to pay for your costs before you get the
state (grant) reimbursement."

Erie County Council voted 4-2 on Feb. 11 to guarantee millions of dollars in
long-term financing debt for a new 191-room Courtyard by Marriott hotel that
will be connected to the Convention Center, 1 Sassafras Pier.

The issue sparked weeks of often-bitter community debate about public financing
for hotels.

The debt guarantee, requested by the Convention Center Authority, allows the
authority to use county government's high-grade debt rating to save nearly $20
million in interest costs on its borrowing.

The guarantee would likely only apply to about $35 million, because a $25
million state grant also is being used to help build the hotel.

County government would be at risk for repayment only if the authority defaults
on the hotel bond.

The hotel and parking garage could be open as early as 2016.

County Council signed off after the Convention Center Authority agreed to give
the county $65,000 a year, or an estimated $2 million, in exchange for the loan
guarantee over the life of the 30-year bonds needed for the project.

The Convention Center Authority sought and received a similar long-term debt
guarantee -- for $48 million -- from county government in 2005 for the 200-room
Sheraton Erie Bayfront Hotel on West Dobbins Landing, which is connected to the
Convention Center by an overhead walkway.

Casey Wells, the Convention Center Authority's executive director, has said the
authority needs an additional, connected hotel at the Convention Center to
provide more hotel rooms for conventions, conferences, large meetings and other
events.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNflowers.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140225-EI-Convention-Center-Authority-seeks-3M-bridge-loan
-for-new-hotel-0225-20140225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            August 17, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Sask. ranchers to press for more cash

BYLINE: Angela Hall, Saskatchewan News Network; Regina Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: REGINA


REGINA -- The head of a Saskatchewan ranchers' group will stress the need for an
injection of cash for the beef industry and incentives for farmer-owned packing
plants when producers from across the country converge in Calgary this week.

The Canadian Cattlemen's Association (CCA) convention is expected to develop
plans to sustain the industry regardless of when live cattle trade resumes with
the United States.

"We're hoping to get more detail on these plans and we're sure hoping that a
plan will be ready to go to government," said Brian Ross, Saskat-chewan Stock
Growers Association president.

More than 250 ranchers attended a meeting in Moose Jaw last week so Ross could
take input from Saskatchewan to the convention. Ross said producers want the CCA
to press the federal government to encourage producer-owned meat packing
facilities through loan guarantees or other incentives.

"What (producer ownership) does is give, in my opinion, producers some stability
in their industry, in case this (prolonged border closure) would ever happen
again."

Ross said producers at the meeting also passed a resolution in support of
contingency plans outlined by the CCA, including some form of financial aid for
the industry until markets return to normal.

"We have producers out there that are in trouble financially through no fault of
their own, no mismanagement of their own, and there's chances they could lose
their operation, especially younger producers. This thing doesn't just affect
the cattle industry, it affects the rural economy, too."

Brad Wildeman, chair of the CCA's contingency planning committee, said cattlemen
have been meeting regularly with Agriculture Canada officials to discuss options
for the industry. Possibilities so far include:

- Cash advances, loan guarantees or debt restructuring to stabilize the equity
position of the industry and provide cash flow;

- Alternative tax strategies, including tax deferrals and tax incentives to
encourage investment in packing and processing;

- Increasing slaughter capacity in Canada;

- A delayed marketing strategy that would postpone a portion of cattle going to
slaughter until more capacity is available.

Wildeman said contingency plans will be a major focus at the meeting in Calgary,
but the long-term goal still remains resuming normal trade with the U.S., which
hasn't accepted cattle from Canada since a case of mad cow disease, or BSE,
surfaced in Alberta in 2003 followed by a second case in Washington state.
Canada is still awaiting a ruling from the U.S. government to clear the way for
that to happen.

Wildeman said Canada got a positive reception at last week's National
Cattlemen's Beef Association meeting in Denver, although opposition remains,
particularly in border states such as North Dakota.

But the American cattle group did pass a resolution urging U.S. officials to
work toward the normalization of beef trade, in recognition that it's unlikely
major importing nations will reopen borders to U.S. products until trade issues
between the U.S. and Canada are resolved.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            January 25, 2016 Monday
                                   1 Edition

State experiences a banner year for project funding

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 784 words


WASHINGTON - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack released a report highlighting
ways Rural Development's investments in communities, businesses and residents
created jobs, provided economic opportunities and improved rural infrastructure
in 2015.

"USDA Rural Development is an effective partner for economic growth in rural
America," Vilsack said. "In 2015, Rural Development provided $30 billion in
direct and guaranteed loans and grants for nearly 171,000 awards to rural
individuals, families, business owners, agricultural producers and communities.
These investments - in affordable housing and homeownership; critical community
facilities, water, electric, telecommunications infrastructure; renewable energy
production and efficiency; local and regional food systems; and small business
creation and expansion - have spurred job creation and improved the quality of
life for millions of rural Americans."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner commented on the report
saying, "In 2015 we obligated $184-million to help New Mexico grow and prosper."
Brunner added, "We've helped thousands of New Mexicans by creating jobs, making
homeownership become a reality, delivering better water, sewer, electric and
communication services to communities throughout the state."

These accomplishments are found in USDA's 2015 Progress Report which provides an
overview of the funding that was spent in the various programs across the nation
administered by USDA Rural Development.

Vilsack noted in the report that one of the keys to USDA's success in rural
areas is its partnerships with private lenders, non-profit organizations and
community-based groups. USDA is partnering with rural telecommunications
utilities, for example, to bring high-speed broadband to rural communities. In
2015, people who live in the Mescalero Apache Reservation saw the construction
begin on a new $5.3 million dollar broadband communication system. The broadband
program will allow the residents of the Mescalero Apache Tribe access to better
education and economic opportunities through advanced telecommunications
systems.

Across the nation USDA's support for rural infrastructure provided water and
wastewater, electric and communication services to hundreds of thousands of
Americans. This effort saw Rural Development help nearly 150,000 families buy,
refinance or repair their homes last year. Also, eleven thousand people live in
affordable apartments as a result of USDA programs to build or provide subsidies
for rental housing.

USDA Rural Development's programs also provide for a wide range of community
needs. More than 21 million rural residents benefitted from USDA support for
essential community facilities in 2015. The agency invested $1.8 billion in
services such as schools, hospitals, day care centers, first-responder vehicles
and equipment and other needs.

For example here in New Mexico, USDA Rural Development provided a $55,000
Community Facilities grant to help Sierra Vista Hospital in Truth or
Consequences to purchase a new four wheel drive ambulance.

This piece equipment was needed to replace old outdate equipment that was always
breaking down. Also, because of some of the areas the ambulance to go to, it has
extended emergency care service to the most remote part of Sierra County.

USDA helped more than 12,500 rural businesses through $1.5 billion in loans,
loan guarantees, and grants last year. Since the start of the Obama
Administration in 2009, more than 103,000 rural businesses have received $11
billion in USDA investments to start or expand their operations.

The report also sums up Rural Development investments since 2009. Under
President Obama, USDA Rural Development has helped more than 1 million rural
residents buy homes; have funded nearly 7,000 community facilities such as
schools, public safety and health care facilities; have provided loans to 5,100
rural businesses; financed 180,000 miles of new and improved electric
transmission and distribution lines; supported 254 broadband projects completed
with funds provided through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, bringing
high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents, 17,500
businesses and 1,900 community facilities; and partnered in many other efforts
to improve the economic conditions and quality of life for rural Americans.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities.

Under the President's leadership, these investments in housing, community
facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America to
continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2016 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Agencia de Informacao de Mocambique (English)

                                 April 17, 2016

IMF Cancels Mission Because of "Undisclosed Loans"

LENGTH: 1079 words

DATELINE: Maputo


The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cancelled a mission that was to have
visited Mozambique in the coming week, in the light of undisclosed loans
connected with the defence and security sectors.

But Finance Minister Adriano Maleiane, who is currently visiting the United
States, precisely for talks with the Bretton Woods institutions. has denied that
anything had been left undisclosed.

At a press conference on Friday, the director of the IMF's Africa department,
Antionette Sayeh, said the IMF "received confirmation this week from the
authorities of the existence of a large amount of borrowing that had not
previously been disclosed to the IMF".

"The undisclosed borrowing exceeds one billion US dollars and significantly
changes our assessment of Mozambique's macroeconomic outlook", she said. "We are
currently ascertaining in cooperation with the authorities the facts regarding
this borrowing".

"We have advised the authorities that any undisclosed debt-related transactions,
irrespective of their purpose, need to be reported transparently and publicly",
Sayeh added. "Such disclosure is essential to ensure full accountability of the
government to their citizens and parliament, allow an accurate assessment of the
previously undisclosed debt on the macroeconomic outlook, and assess the impact
of these possible transactions on the IMF-supported arrangements with
Mozambique".

An IMF mission was scheduled to visit Maputo in the coming week to review
Mozambique's arrangements under the Policy Support Instrument (PSI) and Standby
Credit Facility.

A PSI is not a loan. The IMF defines it as "a flexible tool" that enables low
income countries "to secure Fund advice and support without a borrowing
arrangement". It claims that the PSI "helps countries design effective economic
programs that deliver clear signals to donors, multilateral development banks,
and markets of the Fund's endorsement of the strength of a member's policies".

The Standby Credit Facility (SCF), however, is a loan. It is a means of
providing financial assistance to low income countries with short term balance
of payments problems. In late October 2015, Mozambique applied for a loan of
204.5 million Special Drawing Rights (about 282.9 million dollars) from the SCF.
The IMF governing board granted the request and the first instalment (about
118.9 million dollars became available in December.

But the IMF mission has now been cancelled, "pending a full disclosure and
assessment of the facts", Sayeh said.

The first mention of "undisclosed" loans came in an article in the "Wall Street
Journal" (WSJ) on 3 April, claiming that, in addition to the 850 million dollar
bond issued by the Mozambican Tuna Company (EMATUM) on the European Bond Market
in 2013, there was a further enormous loan to an obscure Mozambican state
company, Pro-Indicus, made by Credit Suisse and VTB of Russia, two of the banks
involved in the EMATUM bond issue.

This loan was supposedly for "at least 787 million dollars" - although the
numbers cited by the WSJ are less than clear.

It says that the initial loan to Pro-Indicus was for 622 million dollars to fund
the purchase of naval vessels and radar installations. The bank is said to have
approached investors in 2014 to expand the loan to 900 million dollars.

The article did not give a final figure for the loan.

The WSJ cited an anonymous "person familiar with the loan", who claimed that it
would have to be repaid in full by 2021.

EMATUM bondholders were allegedly kept in the dark about the Pro-Indicus loan.
Credit Suisse did not inform them about it until after more than 85 per cent of
them had accepted the government's offer to swap the EMATUM bonds for government
sovereign bonds with a longer repayment period but at a higher interest rate.

But speaking in Washington to the Portuguese news agency Lusa, Finance Minister
Adriano Malaeiane denied there were any "hidden loans", and blamed the current
problems on "confusion" about the funding of EMATUM.

"There was some confusion which has ended up creating problems for Mozambique
groundlessly. Everything that has the state's guarantee is guaranteed. We take
everything that had been taken over by the government. This is the reassurance
that I continue to give investors", Maleiane declared.

"The international community will realize that, firstly, Mozambique is a country
that has never failed to pay, and secondly, we have said to all investors that
all that has a state guarantee is secure - we honour our commitments," he
insisted.

According to Maleiane, during the EMATUM bond swap a "prospectus" was drawn up
with all the relevant information. This document mentioned two projects that had
government guarantees, and one of these was the Pro-Indicus loan.

Maleiane confirmed that in2013, the same year as the EMATUM bond issue, Credit
Suisse and VTB lent 622 million dollars to Pro-Indicus "to finance the purchase
of ships and radar installations to combat piracy".

There was nothing hidden about this, said Maleiane, and it was included in the
prospectus given to the EMATUM bondholders which put Mozambique's total foreign
public debt at 11 billion dollars.

"For investors, this information was important, whether in fact the amount
presented as the country's debt included everything. And I can confirm that it
did include it all," said Maleiane.

The banks that brokered the operation did not say that that amount in the
prospectus included the two loans. "It is a private loan between the state and
the banks. These banks were the ones that did the transfer for multiple
clients," he added.

These statements are not entirely clear, but Maleiane appeared to be saying that
the bond issue was intended to pay for both the EMATUM and the Pro-Indicus
debts. From the French press of 2013, we know that the 30 boats ordered by
EMATUM (24 fishing boats and six maritime patrol vessels) from the CMN shipyard
in the French port of Cherbourg cost the equivalent of about 230 million
dollars.

This sum, plus the 622 million dollar Pro-Indicus loan, amounts to around 850
million dollars - the sum raised by the bond issue (or "loan participation
notes") sold via the Special Purpose Vehicle EMATUM Finance 2020 b.v., set up in
Holland specifically to handle the bond.

Although this seems a reasonable interpretation, it needs to be confirmed, and a
detailed accounts of exactly how much money was spent on naval speedboats or on
radars need to be provided, not simply to the IMF, but to Mozambican taxpayers.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   August 12, 1992, Wednesday, Final Edition

Loan Guarantee Deal Opens A New U.S.-Israeli Chapter;
Bush Considering Sale of F-15s to Saudis

Ann Devroy, Don Oberdorfer, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 907 words


President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin opened a new cooperative
chapter in U.S.-Israeli relations yesterday with an agreement to send a new $ 10
billion loan guarantee proposal to Congress and pledges of stronger strategic
cooperation.

At the same time, Bush told congressional leaders at a White House briefing that
he is seriously considering approving in the immediate future a controversial $
5 billion sale of U.S. F-15 fighter planes to Saudi Arabia, a sale that Israel
has strongly opposed in the past.

Sen. Christopher S. Bond (R-Mo.), whose state contains the main production line
for the advanced fighter and who backs the sale, said some lawmakers told Bush
they favor proceeding with the transaction, while others expressed reservations.
With U.S. aircraft production jobs as well as the election-year posture of
pro-Israeli groups at stake, a decision by Bush to move ahead could produce a
battle on Capitol Hill, which has a veto over large-scale weapons sales abroad.

The loan guarantees to help Israel resettle about 400,000 Jewish emigrants from
the former Soviet Union has been among the most contentious issues between the
United States and Israel in recent years. In a showdown earlier this year with
then-Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Shamir, Bush refused to provide U.S. funds
that could finance the building of new Israeli settlements in occupied Arab
territory.

Rabin, who took office last month, has moved quickly to curtail what he calls
"political" settlements while insisting on the right to build other settlements
aimed at ensuring Israel's security.

The arrangement worked out between Bush and Rabin during two days of talks at
the president's vacation home in Kennebunkport, Maine, was described by members
of Congress as considerably more generous to Israel than a compromise plan that
was proposed earlier this year by Sens. Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) and Robert W.
Kasten Jr. (R-Wis.) but rejected by the administration.

Under the new proposal, Israel agreed that the cost of continuing settlement
construction in the occupied territories will be deducted from the amount of the
U.S. loan guarantees, so that the United States will not finance settlements
that it considers an obstacle to Middle East peace. The actual deduction,
however, is to be established by a "joint mechanism" of the two governments
rather than by the United States alone.

Moreover, Israel's contribution to the costs that will be assessed to the U.S.
budget for guaranteeing the loans will be limited to 3.5 percent of the face
amount of the loan guarantees. Budget Director Richard G. Darman estimated,
however, that the actual assessed cost will be 7 to 9 percent, meaning the U.S.
budget will have to absorb the difference.

Rep. David R. Obey (D-Wis.), chairman of the House Appropriations subcommittee
on foreign operations, said he strongly objected in the meeting with Bush to
U.S. taxpayers footing a large share of this bill and therefore is "not on
board" the administration proposal. With the loan guarantees expected to amount
to nearly $ 2 billion yearly for each of the next five years, the charges
assessed to U.S. taxpayers under the plan could mount well into the hundreds of
millions of dollars.

Leahy, chairman of the Senate Appropriations subcommittee on foreign operations,
said he intends to take a close look at the loan guarantee details with the aim
of bringing legislation before his subcommittee shortly after Congress returns
in early September from the recess that is scheduled to begin later today.

The immediate reaction of many of the congressional leaders who were briefed by
Bush was positive, subject to consideration of the details of the loan guarantee
legislation.

American Jewish groups praised Bush's pledge to back the U.S. loan guarantees,
which would enable Israel to obtain financing on better terms and with less
difficulty than it would do on its own. Shoshana S. Cardin, chairman of the
Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organizations, which represents 48
Jewish organizations in the United States, said the most important development
was "reaffirmation of the very strong, special relationship between the United
States and Israel."

Palestinian groups in the Middle East responded cautiously. The Associated Press
reported that a Palestine Liberation Organization statement issued in Tunisia
did not denounce Bush's decision, but asked Congress to go slow in considering
the guarantees. Hanan Ashrawi, spokeswoman for the Palestinian delegation to the
Middle East peace talks, warned that the U.S. role as "an impartial peace
broker" would be invalidated if settlement activity continued under the loan
guarantees.

Bush, in his opening statement at a news conference in Kennebunkport announcing
the loan guarantee agreement, said the effort to achieve peace between Israel
and Arab nations was entering "a new, more productive phase."

Bush said Rabin had convinced him of his commitment to productive negotiations
when the new round of Arab-Israeli peace talks open in Washington March 24, and
he called on Arab nations to show flexibility as well.

The Bush-Rabin talks ended with mutual praise common between the two allies but
missing in the last years of the Shamir era. Bush described Israel and the
United States as "close friends and strategic partners," and Rabin lauded the
"very special relationship" with the United States.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER YITZHAK RABIN AND DEFENSE SECRETARY
RICHARD B. CHENEY REVIEW AN HONOR GUARD AT THE PENTAGON. MARGARET THOMAS

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                              May 10, 2013 Friday

Over 10,000 cases okayed for loan

BYLINE: dna correspondent

LENGTH: 436  words


So far, over 10,000 cases have been forwarded to banks under Mukhyamantri Yuva
Swarozgar Yojana launched in the state from April 1 with a view to helping
youths to set up their own industries-businesses. A target has been set to
provide assistance to 50,000 youths under the scheme.

This target is the highest as compared to all other self-employment schemes in
the state. Commissioner Industries T. Dharma Rao said that so far 16,530
applications have been received out of which 10,409 cases have been forwarded to
banks. The process is on for sanctioning and disbursing the loan.

Under the scheme, maximum 2749 cases have been sent to banks in Indore divisions
followed by Jabalpur (1677), Bhopal (1369) and Gwalior division (1309 cases).
Good work has been done in Mandsaur, Gwalior, Datia, Shivpuri, Morena, Damoh,
Jabalpur, Chhindwara, Balaghat, Vidisha, Rajgarh, Indore, Khargone, Barwani and
Jhabua districts.

The Commissioner Industries has directed the districts with slow pace of work to
accelerate it and achieve the targets in any case. It is noteworthy that the
scheme is being implemented by Panchayats & Rural Development Department in
rural areas and Commerce, Industries & Employment Department in urban areas.

Its object is to provide loans through banks to youths to set up their own
industries, services or business.

Beneficiaries will be given margin money and loan subsidy. Under the scheme,
there is no income bar. Beneficiaries will continue to be benefited as per
prescribed eligibility under various schemes. Under Mukhyamantri Yuva Swarozgar
Yojana, youths will be provided facilities like payment of guarantee fees and
loan subsidy.

Applicants having passed ITI, diploma, engineering and possessing modular
employable skills certificate will be given priority.

Besides, priority will also be given to applicants belonging to SC, ST, OBC,
women and disabled persons as well as the beneficiaries trained under
Entrepreneurship Development Programme.

Two categories have been prescribed for financial assistance. Under the first
category, assistance upto Rs50,000 will be given while assistance of over
Rs50,000 to Rs25 lakh will be provided in the second category.

In the first category, margin money assistance will be 20 percent (maximum
Rs10,000). On project cost, 5 percent loan subsidy will be given for 5 years
(maximum Rs2000). Maximum Rs500 guarantee fees at the rate of 1 percent and
maximum Rs1000 guarantee service fees will be given at the rate of 0.5 percent
(for 4 years).In the second category, 5 percent loan subsidy on project cost and
working capital will be payable to beneficiaries.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             March 25, 2012 Sunday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

First, learn how to speak to a banker

BYLINE: Catherine Wheatley

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 937 words


Translating ideas into the language of lenders is the key to funding, says
Catherine Wheatley After they were refused a bank loan two years ago, the
founders of cult jewellery label Tatty Devine were determined never to be
knocked back again.

Rosie Wolfenden, 34, and Harriet Vine, 35, needed £10,000 for a laser cutter to
make customised Perspex bracelets and necklaces at their new pop-up shop in
Selfridges, the London department store. They wanted a similar sum for market
research to help them build on recent strong growth.

So the pair asked East London Small Business Centre, a nonprofit support agency,
to help them prepare a convincing case for bank finance.

"Last time, we asked the bank for help with our cashflow, which doesn't sound
very good, even though we needed it because the business was growing," said
Wolfenden. "This time we focused on the positive and we were very specific about
what we wanted the money for.

"We were challenged to know our business and what we needed the money for at
every step. For lots of businesses, help like that is fundamental."

Their preparation paid off. Last month Lloyds TSB lent them £25,000, Selfridges
has invited them to take a permanent concession and turnover recently hit £1m
for the first time since their launch in 1999.

Small companies such as Tatty Devine can now apply for bank finance at a one
percentage point discount to standard interest rates under the National Loan
Guarantee Scheme unveiled by the chancellor last week. But there are doubts over
whether cheaper money will lead to more or bigger loans.

"Lower rates are not the same thing as easier credit access," said Jonathan
Girling, operations director of the East London Small Business Centre. "Very few
businesses decide not to borrow because the cost is a bit high."

As Wolfenden and Vine discovered, what small firms really need is help with
translating their ideas into a language the banks are prepared to understand.
The Business Link website offers some ideas, while National Enterprise Network
members can give face-toface advice.

"You can't just walk into a bank and ask for £25,000. You have to be able to
explain exactly why you want it because banks simply can't afford to take on bad
loans," said Girling.

Entrepreneurs have lost so much confidence in the economy and the banking system
that many have put their requests for finance on hold, according to Adam
Marshall of the British Chambers of Commerce. Only 7% of small businesses
applied for overdraft facilities in 2011, down from 13% in the 12 months to
spring 2011, research by the British Bankers' Association (BBA) has shown. Just
3% asked for a loan.

"We welcome cheaper money, but it cannot address discouraged demand," said
Marshall. "Some companies are so put off by the bank application process they
are no longer coming forward."

Business customers of HSBC - which will not take part in the National Loan
Guarantee Scheme, saying it funds its lending from customers' deposits and
therefore does not rely on the wholesale markets - face additional confusion.
What both start-ups and established smaller companies need is better access to a
wider range of non-bank finance. Enterprise organisations were united in
welcoming the report by Tim Breedon, Legal & General chief executive, on
alternative sources of finance for small businesses, published before the
budget.

Breedon identified 11 measures to make up a credit gap that could reach £191
billion within five years. His suggestions included an agency to aggregate small
business loans, and measures to stimulate a market for private placements of
mid-sized company debt. Some simple steps could also help. For example, the BBA
and the Community Development Finance Association are working on a system to
refer unsuccessful loan applicants to their local finance institutions.

"Firms need clarity about what banks want, and if they do not fit the bill they
need other suggestions such as peer-to-peer lending or community development
finance," said Mike Cherry of the Federation of Small Businesses.

On the payment side of the company balance sheet, it is 12 months since the
government unveiled measures to help small businesses compete for public sector
contracts and get paid on time.

Simplifying the tendering process, and encouraging firms to report bureaucratic
or unfair qualifying conditions, has gone some way towards achieving an
"aspirational target" that a quarter of government contracts should be awarded
to small business.

Project Bank Accounts, a government payment system that settles bills with
contractors and their small suppliers at the same time, is now being extended.

By the end of the financial year, the amount of central government business
going to small firms will have doubled from 6.5% to 13.7%, according to the
Cabinet Office.

Since its launch, the "mystery shopper" feedback service has resolved 111 cases
where tender documents put small companies at an unfair disadvantage. In the
three months to February it recommended changes to paperwork from 35 local
councils, health authorities and police forces.

Matthew Trimming - of management consultancy Maxxim, the first small company to
win a contract with the Cabinet Office under the new procurement rules - said
the process was simpler and quicker, but added that "removing years of
procurement behaviour that favours big brands is not going to be quick".

So whether applying for bank finance or bidding for new business, could
simplification and support kick-start fresh growth for smaller companies?
Jonathan Girling thinks so. "Small business needs clarity - around finance and
the supply chain."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Positive thinkers: Harriet Vine, left, and Rosie Wolfenden at their
east London shop
VICKI COUCHMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: 5 Super-Sized Solar Projects Transforming the Clean Energy Landscape

LENGTH: 800  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Energy, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

2012 marked a record year for America's solar industry. Installations surged by
76 percent compared to 2011 -- representing an estimated market value of $11.5
billion. From commercial to residential, every sector experienced significant
growth, but the clear standout of 2012 was utility-scale solar.

Utility-scale solar projects are designed to generate massive amounts of
electricity. Unlike other sectors, the electricity generated by utility-scale
projects is sold directly to wholesale utility buyers. In the recently released
U.S. Solar Market Insight report, GreenTech Media and SEIA found that the
utility-scale sector grew by an unprecedented 134 percent last year -- with
eight of the largest solar projects in America starting operation.

Many of these projects were supported by investments from the Energy
Department's Loan Guarantee Program. These investments -- in several of the
world's largest solar generation facilities -- help to lower the cost of
financing and accelerate the completion of transformative clean energy projects.
Here are the utility-scale projects that came online last year as part of the
loan program portfolio.

Agua Caliente Phase I-IV

With 287 MW of generation capacity online, Agua Caliente is one of the nation's
largest utility scale photovoltaic solar generation facilities. Situated on
2,400 acres of land in Yuma County, Arizona, it will provide enough clean,
renewable electricity to power nearly 50,000 homes every year.

In addition to creating about 1,400 local jobs at peak construction, Agua
Caliente continues to provide economic opportunities for area businesses -- from
engineering and design firms, to suppliers and service providers. The project
will use approximately 4.89 million thin film solar panels.

Alamosa Solar

In south-central Denver, the Alamosa Solar project is breaking records as the
largest high-concentration solar facility in the world. The solar panels used at
the facility are controlled by a tracking system that rotates and tilts the
panels throughout the day to capture as much of the sun's energy as possible.
The innovative system is also highly-efficient -- using Fresnel lenses to
concentrate sunlight by a multiple of 500 onto multijunction solar cells.

Successfully beginning operation last May, Alamosa produces enough clean,
renewable energy to power more than 5,100 homes and avoid the emissions of
34,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide every year. More than 80 percent of the
components for the solar facility are manufactured in the United States.

Antelope Valley Solar Ranch One

About 80 miles north of Los Angeles, the first phase of the Antelope Valley
Solar Ranch facility is complete. Once fully operational, the Solar Ranch's
annual capacity will more than double to 230 MW -- supplying enough energy to
the grid to power about 75,000 homes. The project -- which employed about 900
workers at construction peak -- uses approximately 30,000 metric tons of
American steel.

When operational later this year, the facility will displace nearly 250,000
metric tons of carbon dioxide annually -- equivalent to the emissions of at
least 60,000 vehicles. The project is projected to serve the energy needs of
42,700 Southern California homes every year.

Mesquite Solar 1

Located in Maricopa County, Arizona, Mesquite Solar 1 taps into 300 days of
sunshine each year to generate about 124 MW of clean electricity. The success of
Mesquite Solar has been a boon to the surrounding community -- creating nearly
530 jobs during peak construction. Key components for the solar installation
were manufactured in America -- including inverters manufactured in Colorado.

With the first phase of the Mesquite Solar project complete, the next phase will
focus on the development of the remaining 4,000 acre solar complex. The team is
on track to operate more than 1000 MW of renewable energy capacity by the end of
2013.

California Valley Solar Ranch Phase I-IV

Sunny, expansive San Luis Obispo marks the ideal location for the California
Valley Solar Ranch. Once fully complete, the Solar Ranch will reach a total
generation capacity of 250 MW -- enough energy to power the equivalent of almost
every home in San Luis Obispo County. According to the project sponsor, the
facility is expected to inject $315 million into the local economy, and is
estimated to generate $10 million in total tax revenues.

At their current capacities, these utility-scale projects are generating about
631 MWdc of clean electricity -- enough to power about 108,000 American homes.
Follow the progress of these projects and learn about our other clean energy
investments by visiting the Loan Guarantee Program Office site.

For more inaformation please visit: http://energy.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 2, 1990, FRIDAY, THREE STAR Edition

GATEWAY IS TOLD TO PAY UP...MAGNA TRUST CONCEDES THAT OUTLOOK IS GRIM

BYLINE: Robert Steyer Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 680 words


The trustee for bonds issued by Gateway Community Hospital has demanded
immediate payment from the East St. Louis hospital.  But Magna Trust Co. of
Belleville conceded that there is little chance of getting much, if any, money
from the hospital that closed in December and defaulted on its bonds 14 months
ago.  Magna Trust, in a letter to bondholders, also said it would try to collect
money from one of Gateway's former owners, James R. Cheek, who personally
guaranteed the $6.5 million in bonds issued in 1985.  ''The situation at Gateway
Community Hospital has become critical,'' said the Feb. 22 letter, a copy of
which was obtained by the Post-Dispatch.  Gateway has retired less than 1
percent of the principal and has missed three interest payments totaling $1.2
million. The bonds were used to pay creditors, make repairs and buy equipment.
A declining patient census and insufficient money caused Gateway to miss several
payrolls before closing. It ran out of money after the Internal Revenue Service
demanded the payment of taxes due for several years.  Gateway closed its acute
care operations Dec. 15, transferring its few patients to nearby hospitals. It
shut an alcohol and drug treatment program two weeks later.  Magna Trust warned
bondholders ''there is no assurance'' that it can recover any money from Cheek,
who founded a company in Creve Coeur in 1983 that was the predecessor to Gateway
Medical Systems Inc. Cheek bought and managed financially strapped hospitals in
urban areas. At its zenith, Gateway Medical owned 10 hospitals, most of which
were in the Southwest. The company owned a hospital in Poplar Bluff, Mo., but
closed the 99-bed facility in 1987.  Cheek moved Gateway Medical to Atlanta in
1985, but the company suffered serious losses. Last year, he signed a consent
decree with the Securities and Exchange Commission agreeing he would not violate
federal securities laws.  Gateway Medical no longer owns or manages any
hospitals, and the phone to its corporate office has been disconnected. Cheek,
now a hospital administrator in Atlanta, could not be reached for comment.  In
its latest letter to bondholders, Magna Trust painted a grim picture: Gateway
Community Hospital owes more than $800,000 in delinquent property taxes,
penalties and interest. It must pay at least $245,000 by April 27, or it will
lose title of the property, at 1509 Martin Luther King Drive, to an East St.
Louis investor who purchased the taxes in a tax auction.  Magna Trust ''is not
certain that paying the delinquent property taxes would yield any funds for
(bondholders after an eventual disposition of the hospital (because the real
property simply may not be worth that much.'' Magna Trust has found ''very
little interest'' among potential managers or buyers for Gateway. A management
company hired by the present owner says Gateway could be resurrected as a drug
and alcohol treatment center. This plan requires more money, but the company
won't invest.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                       May 4, 1980, Sunday, Final Edition

America as a 'Depressed Area';
How 85 percent of the nation became eligible for special aid

BYLINE: By Spencer Rich; Spencer Rich is a national staff writer for The
Washington Post.

SECTION: Outlook; C2

LENGTH: 1886 words


IT'S ALMOST A LAW of American politics, enshrined in the lore of Capitol Hill
operations, that a federal program survives and grows fat when the money is
spread around liberally, not limited to some tiny constituency.

So perhaps it is no surprise that a little program, which began in 1961 by
dishing out development aid to businesses and governments in "depressed areas"
of Appalachia and small-town America, now counts nearly 85 percent of the
country's population as being in "distressed areas" eligible for help.

Sen. William Proxmire of Wisconsin, often critical of federal aid programs,
outdid himself on the eligibility issue when the measure -- now called the
Public Works and Redevelopment Act -- reached the Senate floor for its new
authorization last year.

"Get this -- 84.5 percent of the population eligible for assistance.  84.5
percent!  That is ridiculous.  It is a joke," he shouted.  "I do not know how
you can run a reasonable economic development program if you have to define 84.5
percent of the population as eligible and as living in distressed areas."

How you do it is really no mystery, as Proxmire surely knows.  You take a
program created in the 1960s with a modest $90 million or so a year to give to a
limited number of poverty pockets.  In 1966, for example, eligible areas had a
total population of about 29 million, according to an Economic Development
Administration booklet published by the parent Commerce Department.

Then you start to diversify until, according to department estimates and
statements on the House and Senate floors, nearly 2,500 of the nation's
3,000-odd counties now meet the program's unemployment and poverty criteria --
areas with an estimated population of nearly 190 million.

That will make you beloved among members of Congress from coast to coast.  Last
year's congressional debate gives the flavor of just how much the EDA is
appreciated for the nearly $1 billion a year in grants, low-interest loans and
loan guarantees it now disburses -- while others have a far tougher time getting
a similar, if larger, loan guarantee for an ailing Chrysler Corp.

"In my state of Arkansas," Sen. Dale Bumpers declared, "the EDA has spent on the
average of $6 million a year over the past 10 years for more than 200 projects.
In fiscal year 1979 it will spend in excess of $7 million." Then he lauded EDA
as "responsible, flexible and supportive of grass-roots decision-making."

Sen. Harrison A. Williams of New Jersey sang the praises of an EDA guarantee of
a $12 million loan to help the Raritan Steel Co. build a mini-steel mill at
Perth Amboy.

Sen. Jennings Randolph, chairman of the Senate committee with jurisdiction over
the program, ticked off a list suggesting that the hollows of his state of West
Virginia are paved with EDA-financed industrial parks.  His wife's hometown of
Keyser obtained an industrial park and water and sewer facilities.  Charleston
got a civic center.  Fourco Glass Co. in Clarksburg and Rockwell in Morgantown
received loan aid.  And so on.

In the House, Rep. Robert Roe (D-N.J.), who piloted the measure there, called
EDA operations "a very cost-effective way for the federal government to address
structured economic problems and the attendant unemployment."

Rep. Don Clausen (R-Calif.), not exactly among the liberal, big-spender types,
asserted, "I have seen firsthand the revitalizing and stabilizing influence EDA
projects have had on many of our communities and counties.  The counties of
Sonoma, Mendocino, Lake Humboldt are the recipients of substantial benefits from
the program."

Not only is the program now virtually coterminous with the entire country, but
it is getting into some pretty big enterprises, especially through the
Chrysler-like loan guarantee route.  EDA has guaranteed $83 million in loans to
help Sea Train build commercial ships in the Brooklyn (N.Y.) Navy Yard in order
to create jobs after the Navy closed its operations there.  Under a special
program, it has reserved a $100 million loan guarantee for construction of a new
steel plant in depressed Youngstown, Ohio.  And it is providing another $100
million guarantee to help the Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corp. build a plant to
produce extra-long train rails in Monessen, Pa.

It should surprise nobody, then, that the something-for-almost-everybody measure
cleared the Senate by a margin of 83 to 17 and the House by 301 to 99 -- with
EDA's grant, loan and loan-guarantee authority expanded to more than $3 billion.
This was done at the urging of President Carter, who was impressed by an urban
task force recommendation for the expansion, with most of the increase targeted
for business loan guarantees in urban areas.

"The idea was that the Farmers Home Administration and some other agencies
provide rural business credit, so EDA would have to become the main agency for
business loans and credits in cities," says one administration official." All
from a little program created for Appalachia and small-town America.

Everything, of course, has not been entirely clear sailing for the EDA program.
The Senate version of the measure, at the administration's request, cut eligible
areas to those with "only" 67 percent of the country's population.  The House
version, however, boosted the figure to 90 percent, and the two bills have yet
to be reconciled in a House-Senate conference.

Moreover, the inflation crisis has caused Carter to pull back a bit, and the
extension, along with many other measures, has been slowed in Congress because
of the current battle of the budget.  But Carter is still asking a program level
of $1.7 billion for fiscal 1981 -- an increase of about 80 percent from fiscal
1979.  (The 1980 program level is still uncertain because of last-minute budget
changes.)

There is, in addition, the larger question to be asked: Has the program really
done that much good?

Assistant Secretary of Commerce Robert Hall, who administers the program,
believes it unquestionably has.  The idea, he stresses, is not just to hand out
some money that has a temporary impact and is gone.  It is to put the money
where it will promote the growth of industry and the creation of permanent jobs
in the private sector.

EDA figures it has created lots of permanent jobs.  Since 1965, according to its
count, it has committed about $4.1 billion, chiefly in "infrastructure" grants
-- for sewer and water systems, industrial parks, access roads, ports, terminals
and other facilities that attract private business -- but also for loans and
loan guarantees.

In return, it figures, it has saved or created about 445,000 permanent jobs.  If
its numbers are correct, that would come to a cost of about $10,000 per job -- a
pretty good buy.  And losses so far on loans and loan guarantees have only been
about $55 million.

It has books loaded with success stories.  South Bend, Ind., lost 7,000 jobs
when Studebaker, the auto maker, shut down, but EDA helped it get new
businesses.  The Mohawk Valley in New York lost old decaying industries but
found new ones.  Prosperity ended in Pryor, Okla., when a government ordnance
plant shut down, but EDA helped finance an industrial park that brought in new
businesses.

Still, there are nagging questions.  Whether the job-creation figures are sound
is one of them.  Proxmire's criticism, endorsed by such others as Sen. John
Chafee of Rhode Island, is another: When everyone is eligible, some of the
precious dollars are bound to be frittered away on low-priority projects.

This is especially so, as James Lynn, a former Cabinet member in the Nixon-Ford
administration, puts it, when "political pressures . . . become intense" from
powerful congressmen pushing to have projects in their areas jumped to the head
of the list.

One former EDA official says that a top aide to President Johnson used to call
regularly and press EDA officials to speed projects for powerful committee
chairmen.  And another former Nixon-Ford aide says that when the Office of
Management and Budget held up projects sought by influential members of
Congress, "We'd go and pound on OMB director Roy Ash and say, 'Are you going to
destroy all our influence up there for a crummy little sewer project?'"

The most basic question, however, is whether, with all its statistics of
success, EDA really promotes a net job growth in the economy.  Some observers
think that in the long run, it merely shifts jobs and capital from more
prosperous to less prosperous sections -- good for those who win, bad for those
who lose.

Legally, EDA has to avoid projects that foster pirating of jobs from one area to
another.  But in practice, critics say, it's often not evident that this is
happening.  You have a big factory in New York and a small one in North
Carolina.  You want to build an extra plant and can do it in either state.  If
EDA helps North Carolina build you an industrial park and sewers and then gives
you a low-interest loan, why not go there?  A few years later, you might even
close your New York plant.

Early on, for example, EDA helped depressed Oakland, Calif., build a
containerport to handle more ocean freight.  EDA boasts that this created 3,000
permanent jobs.  Great for Oakland.  But according to a spokesman for Diane
Feinstein, the mayor of San Fransico, not so good for Frisco, which lost
shipping business to Oakland.  "It helped Oakland; it hurt us."

Lynn says that some Nixon administration officials, concluding that EDA
ultimately just shifts growth "from one place to another" without adding much to
the overall economy, favored killing the program.  In 1973 Nixon vetoed a bill
extending it and said, "I am convinced that this program has done little to help
the poor." But he was overruled by Congress.

Assistant Secretary Hall, of course, doesn't agree with the critics.  "I believe
there is net economic growth in the country as a result of this program," he
says, asserting that he expects a new study now under way to demonstrate this.

Hall concedes that not every project can be successful, but he contends a good
percentage are.  In the Oakland case, for example, he says the Port of San
Fransisco had built itself a new bulk cargo system unable to handle container
cargo, and, moreover, didn't have enough space available for a large
containerport.  So even if the Oakland facility hadn't been built, San Francisco
would have lost business to other West Coast containerports, he contends.

He also says that criticism of the Wheeling -Pitt plant -- asserting that it
will merely create excess train-rail capacity -- is misplaced.  Existing steel
facilities can't produce extra-long rails at internationally competitive prices,
Hall says, while the new one can, so it's not merely "excess capacity."

But despite the nagging doubts, a year ago it looked like the original
Carter-requested expansions would be enacted easily.  Since last year, the
inflation crisis has brought demands for a budget shrinkage, especially in
government credit programs, and that may prove an obstacle to the big
enlargement of loan guarantees sought by Carter.  But, if the inflation crisis
clears, these problems could disappear.  The EDA program has, without doubt, an
extremely grateful constituency on Capitol Hill.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, EDA Qualified Areas

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                               December 22, 2014

Parly Ratifies U.S$3 Million SME Loans

LENGTH: 552 words


The National Assembly on Thursday ratified a $3 million loan facility to finance
operations for micro, small and medium-scale enterprises that was obtained from
the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa. The loan facility was signed
by Finance and Economic Development Minister Patrick Chinamasa and the ABEDA on
October 14, this year in Sudan. In his address before the ratification Minister
Chinamasa said the facility had favourable terms that should be exploited by
SMEs.

"The $3 million line of credit has concessionary interest of one percent and has
tenure of 20 years and five-year grace period.

"It seeks to address challenges faced by SMEs that include re-tooling and
working capitals. Currently they are facing high interest rates averaging 19
percent and stringent borrowing conditions and most of the time the loans are
short-term," Minister Chinamasa said.

He said the money would be administered by the Small and Medium Enterprises
Development Corporation with $1,2 million going to small enterprises while
medium and micro enterprises would receive US$900 000 each.

Minister Chinamasa also said the ABEDA had also expressed interest in funding
development projects in the country depending on the performance of the $3
million facility.

"In my discussion with the bank they said they have given this small amount
because they want to test our repaying record. If it is satisfactory they will
avail more resources because they want to assist in the development of this
economy," he said.

Legislators across the political divide welcomed the facility and called on
Government to ensure that only intended beneficiaries access the funds.

"The fund is welcome and should benefit everyone, especially rural communities
where most of the country's population is. It should not only benefit people in
urban areas as happened with previous loan facilities," Mutasa South
Representative Cde Irene Zindi said.

Kambuzuma legislator Mr Willas Madzimure said the money should target those in
productive sectors.

"We want small businesses that are into production that can substitute imports.
Government should also set the criteria for those that should benefit so that we
prevent abuse of the facility," Mr Madzimure said.

Hurungwe West Representative Cde Temba Mliswa said the facility was welcome in
light of the ongoing implementation of Government's economic blueprint
Zim-Asset.

"We have Zim-Asset and this money should find space in one the four clusters
that is Food Security and Nutrition, Social Services and Poverty Eradication,
Infrastructure and Utilities, and Value Addition and Beneficiation.

"We should have a criteria that will make sure the money gets to everyone and
guarantees that issues to do with corruption and nepotism are addressed in the
disbursement," he said.

The National Assembly also ratified an agreement for the establishment of the
Country Office for the African Development Bank.

The agreement was signed on December 22, 2010 but had not been ratified as
required by law.

The AfDB has of late been playing a pivotal role in the country's economy,
especially in the areas of infrastructure development, water and sanitation.

Last week it provided a $180 million grant that will go towards the
rehabilitation of the Kariba Dam wall and Bulawayo water reticulation system,
among others.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                           December 23, 2006 Saturday

Tories criticize Grits over funds for golf course; Last year, Liberals opposed
similar financial support for Dieppe development

BYLINE: BY AIMEE BARRY times & transcript staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 953  words


An opposition MLA is taking a swing at the province for funding enhancements to
a Miramichi golf course, the same thing the former Progressive Conservative
government was criticized for doing last year. "I am very surprised by the
actions of the Liberals," said Cy LeBlanc, Tory MLA for Dieppe
Centre-Lewisville, in a statement. "In 2005, when they were in opposition, the
Liberals aggressively criticized a loan guarantee for the Fox Creek Golf Club in
Dieppe, and today, they are ready to give away money to a golf club." LeBlanc
emphasizes that he's not angry about the loan to the golf course but that the
Liberals are doing something they criticized the PC party for doing when the
Tories were in power.

"This now means that any golf course can also have funds," LeBlanc said
yesterday. Last week, Miramichi Centre MLA John Foran and Miramichi Bay du Vin
MLA Bill Fraser made four funding announcements for Miramichi-area businesses.
The money came from the $25-million Miramichi Regional Economic Development
Fund. In one of those, $280,000 was given to the Miramichi Golf & Country Club.
That money, combined with the $250,000 the country club borrowed from the bank,
will be used to purchase equipment and enhance the clubhouse's appearance and
infrastructure. The club currently has half of an irrigation system, meaning it
can only water nine of the course's 18 holes. The money from the fund will help
give them a complete irrigation system. Club officials hope the improvements
will help them tap into the growing Miramichi tourism market, luring golfers to
the area. In 2005, Liberal MLA Roly MacIntyre, who is now minister responsible
for the Regional Development Corporation, protested when the previous government
agreed to guarantee a loan to support an infrastructure project at the Fox Creek
Golf Course in Dieppe. In that deal, the Regional Development Corporation made a
$2-million forgivable loan guarantee for the Fox Creek Golf Course. That
guarantee obliged the provincial government to repay golf course's lenders up to
$2 million if the company ever defaulted on its loans. "I am wondering if he is
going to come out again, this time to contest the grant his government has given
to a golf club in the Miramichi," said LeBlanc in his statement. "It is
important that people remember that the Liberals, when they were in opposition,
did not support a loan guarantee for a golf course in Dieppe, and now, soon
after arriving in power, they are cutting a cheque to rebuild a course in
Miramichi," added LeBlanc. "Is it a new way of dividing the province between the
north and south? I believe that the Shawn Graham government has to state its
position on this question," LeBlanc said. LeBlanc is not the only one upset by
this move. "It's not really for tourism, it's for locals, not tourism," said
Mark MacDonald, owner of Miramichi City Argo & Motorsports Ltd. "There's a lot
of small businesses that are struggling today and they should be helping small
businesses." Instead, MacDonald would like to see the money directed to
something like the Miramichi White Gold Festival, a winter-themed event that
annually draws people to Miramichi. "We don't get nothing from the government
for that and snowmobiles are big tourist dollars compared to golfing. "
MacDonald said often businesses that are already doing well get money from the
$25-million fund but struggling small businesses can't. Earlier this week, many
small businesses didn't want to weigh in on this topic but most of those who did
said they had no problem with it. They hope that if those improvements to the
golf course pay off to lure more tourism traffic to Miramichi, the spinoffs
could help their businesses. "It probably would help out, yeah," said Jordan
Curtis of Jordan's Auto Body & Collision. "If it does bring some more people, it
would probably be better for other businesses too." "I have no problem with it,
if it will help our area," said Patrick Hayes of Hayes Construction. "I really
don't know what they did anywhere else in the rest of the province but I'm sure
somewhere else got a tourism grant I think." Emily Hanscomb from Her Clothes
Closet said the golf course and its historic building are an asset to the city.
The club house is one of the oldest buildings in Miramichi. It was one of a
handful of structures to survive the Great Miramichi Fire of 1825. "I'm all for
anything that's going to create more people coming to our community because we
do have a beautiful community," Hanscomb said. Burchill said he understands why
a few people might be raising an eyebrow at the government cutting a golf club a
cheque. However, he stressed the money for the course will help boost tourism in
the region. Pierre Arseneault, executive director of New Brunswick Golf
Association, also supports the funding. "We're pleased to see the provincial
government supporting golf clubs wherever they may be," Arseneault said. "There
have been instances where funding has been provided through the regional
development groups and the decision is not only going to make sense from a golf
product point of view but obviously the decision has been made because it makes
sense in that community. " Bruce McFarlane, Regional Development Corporation
secretary, said the funding fits under strategic infrastructure of Miramichi's
$25-million fund. "One of the major requirements for hosting major tournaments
is to have adequate facilities, especially a club house," McFarlane said. "We
feel this investment, in this particular project, will permit the Miramichi golf
club to be on par," said McFarlane. "Investing in major infrastructure will
benefit not just the golfers but the entire community."

-With files from Mary Moszynski

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Provides Funding for More Than 1,100 Renewable Energy and
Energy Efficiency Projects Nationwide

LENGTH: 825 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is awarding loans
and grants that will help more than 1,100 rural small businesses and
agricultural producers reduce energy usage and costs in their operations. The
funding is for energy efficiency improvements and/or renewable energy systems.
USDA is financing projects in every state, as well as in the Virgin Islands, the
Western Pacific and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.





 "More rural business owners and ag producers are incorporating energy-saving
measures into their business plans," Vilsack said. "These actions improve an
operation's bottom line and help reduce its carbon footprint. This funding will
help incorporate renewable energy and energy efficiency technology and reduce
energy costs. But beyond the local benefits seen by a company saving energy
costs and the global benefits of reducing carbon emissions, this funding will
also create American jobs by supporting energy production and efficiency
installations that are made in rural America."



 USDA is providing $102 million in loan guarantees and $71 million in grants for
1,114 projects financed through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP).
Among the projects, nearly $6 million is being awarded for 17 anaerobic
digesters in California, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, New York, North
Carolina, Ohio and Washington. In total, these projects are expected to generate
and/or save 906 million kilowatt hours (KWh) of energy &ndash; enough to power
more than 83,675 homes for a year and cut carbon pollution by an estimated
455,000 metric tons. That is the equivalent of taking more than 131,500 cars off
the road for a year.



 The owners of Parker Farms in Ripley, Tenn., are receiving a $45,000 REAP grant
to help finance the installation of a 50 kilowatt solar system that was
installed late last year. The system has lowered the grain farm's average
monthly electric bill by $800 &ndash; from $1,140 to $340. That is a savings of
nearly $10,000 a year. The solar system covers more than 70 percent of the
farm's annual electric costs. Parker Farms participates in the Tennessee Valley
Authority's (TVA) Green Power Providers program and sells 100 percent of its
solar electricity to TVA at a premium.



 Fresh Air Energy XVI, LLC is receiving a $3.8 million loan guarantee to finance
a 6.5 megawatt solar array in Greene County, North Carolina. The project is
expected to produce enough energy to power 1,000 average-sized homes for a year.
This is one of several loans the company is receiving to expand the use of solar
energy in the state.



 In Pearl City, Hawaii, the owner of the wholesale bakery "The Patisserie, Inc."
is being awarded a $256,000 loan guarantee and a $128,000 grant to install a
photovoltaic system. It is expected to generate 172,000 kilowatts of energy
annually and reduce energy use by nearly 40 percent.



 Congress created the REAP program in the 2002 Farm Bill. Because of the success
of the program, Congress reauthorized it in the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed
funding of at least $50 million annually for the duration of the five-year bill.
The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the
past seven years while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for taxpayers.



 Since the start of the Obama Administration, REAP has helped finance 10,753
renewable energy and energy efficiency projects that have reduced energy costs
for rural businesses nationwide. During this period, USDA has provided almost
$360 million in grants and $430 million in loan guarantees to agricultural
producers and rural small business owners. When operational, these projects will
generate/save an estimated 8.4 million megawatt hours &ndash; enough to power
more than 760,000 homes for a year and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by almost
5 million metric tons of carbon dioxide. That's the equivalent of removing more
than 1 million cars from the road.



 Funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting
the terms of the loan or grant agreement.



 In addition to the grants announced today, USDA is reminding eligible
recipients that the department is accepting applications for future REAP
funding. For application deadlines and details on how to apply, contact a USDA
state energy coordinator, or see page 60349 of the October 6 Federal Register.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way &ndash;
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 4, 2011 Sunday

Beef plant details may finally emerge

BYLINE: Patsy R. Brumfield, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 635 words


Dec. 04--Answers to the seven-year-old Mississippi Beef Plant scandal must wait
at least three months longer as the state seeks compensation from the plant's
design and construction contractors.

Monday, Dec. 5, was the date set for civil trial against Facility Construction
Management Inc., Facility Design Group Inc., Facility Holdings Corp., and their
Georgia executives Robert L. Moultrie, Nixon E. Cawood and Charles K. Morehead.

But Circuit Judge Winston Kidd in Hinds County agreed to delay the start of
courtroom proceedings until March 19.

That decision came in the wake of a north Mississippi U.S. District Court order
to deny the Attorney General's Office access to a wide variety of documents and
grand jury transcripts its attorneys said were needed to make its case.

When the case finally comes to trial, expect to see current and former
well-knowns subpoenaed as witnesses.

Court-watchers speculate the civil trial may be a substitute for the criminal
trials that never happened because of plea deals with federal prosecutors.

If this all sounds familiar, it is.

In 2000, under the direction of the Legislature, the state began to fund
construction of a beef processing plant in Yalobusha County.

In May 2000, legislators and economic development officials approached Richard
N. Hall Jr. about building and operating the plant.

Construction began in 2002, under the supervision of Hall's Mississippi Beef
Processors, with a 100 percent loan guarantee by the Legislature. Thereafter,
Community Bank of Mississippi agreed to loan Hall $21 million.

Ultimately, Hall went well over his budget and needed more money. The bank and
Mississippi Development Authority brought in Facility Management Group to
determine what was needed to compete the project.

FMG said it would take another $14 million, plus a $3.5 million management fee
to FMG to be project general manager. The Legislature OK'd the deal.

The plant opened Aug. 23, 2004, and immediately experienced significant
financial difficulties. It closed Nov. 17, 2004, Hall defaulted on the bank
loans and the bank foreclosed on the plant.

On June 3, 2005, the state paid Community Bank its guaranteed $34,833,105.71.

Hall, construction contractor Sean Carothers and Tennessee businessman James
Draper eventually went to jail on federal charges in related schemes to defraud
the state.

Moultrie, Cawood and Morehead also went to prison on federal charges related to
campaign contributions -- "illegal gratuities" -- to former Gov. Ronnie
Musgrove, although they originally were accused of conspiracy and fraud.

Musgrove was never accused of anything illegal.

When the civil case comes to trial, beef-plant story followers may finally get
some answers to what went wrong with the project and why.

Already subpoenaed to testify are outgoing House Speaker Billy McCoy, state
Reps. Steve Holland, Tommy Reynolds and Bo Eaton, former Farm Bureau President
David Waide, former MDA chief Robert Rohrlack, Agriculture Commissioner Lester
Spell and numerous others.

In the meantime, the state's attorneys must do their own homework to gather the
evidence.

But they've got bank records, and reports from Mississippi State University's
Extension Service and the State Auditor's Office.

When the plant closed abruptly, some 400 people lost their jobs and the state
was out more than $54 million.

The last defendant to be released from federal prison was Draper, this past
March. All of them are on supervised probation for the next few years.

If the trial happens -- without a last-minute settlement of some kind -- the
public may yet get answers so long in coming.

patsy.brumfield@journalinc.com

___ (c)2011 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111204-TP-Beef-plant-details-may-finally-emerge-1204-20111204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2011 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           January 30, 2013 Wednesday

MP govt to build Saint Shiromani Sen Maharaj memorial

BYLINE: Jamal Ayub

SECTION: BHOPAL

LENGTH: 216 words


BHOPAL: The state government will provide land and requisite funds for
construction of memorial of Saint Sen Maharaj at his birthplace Bandhavgarh in
Umaria district.

The teachings and spiritual literature Saint Shiromani Sen Maharaj will be
published.

The chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan made these announcements while
addressing Kesh Shilpi Panchayat here on Tuesday.

Chouhan said that a proposal will be forwarded to the centre urging it to enlist
the Sen Community as scheduled caste.

A panchayat was organized by the Urban Administration and Development department
in order to have dialogues the Sen community members.

He also announced a number of facilities for the Sen Community members
traditionally engaged in hair cutting occupation.

He said that places will be specified for hair dressers in urban and rural
areas. Hair dressers will be imparted trained into modern techniques while women
belonging to the community will also be encouraged to receive formal training as
beautician.

The government will facilitate the community's youths take loans for
self-employment.

Financial assistance will be also be ensured for taking loans from Rs 50,000
upto Rs 2 lakh and above. Bank guarantee, loan subsidy and margin money will
also be given to loan seekers.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 4, 2014 Monday

Maryland: Governor O'Malley Announces Funding for Hagerstown Manufacturer

LENGTH: 709  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Office of the Governor Martin O'Malley, The State of Maryland has issued the
following news release:

Governor Martin O'Malley and the Maryland Department of Business and Economic
Development (DBED) announced today that the State has approved a $1 million
conditional grant to Washington County to help facilitate the expansion of
National Golden Tissue, a Hagerstown-based manufacturer of paper towels, bath
and facial tissues and napkins. The company has acquired the former Boat USA
building in Hagerstown and plans to upgrade the facility and more than double
its workforce by adding 100 new jobs.

The State's grant comes through the Community Development Block Grant Program
(CDBG), which are federalfunds for community and economic development
administered by DBED and the Maryland Department of Housing and Community
Development (DHCD), and overseen by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD). The Washington County Board of County Commissioners has also
approved a conditional loan of $300,000 to the company and the Tri-County
Council for Western Maryland has approved a $400,000 loan.

"We are pleased to work with our many partners - Washington County, the Tri
County Council for Western Maryland and SunTrust Bank - to help this home-grown
Maryland company continue to expand and add new jobs," said Governor Martin
O'Malley. "Manufacturing is an important part of Maryland's history and
heritage, with growing manufacturers like National Golden Tissue adding to the
caliber and diversity of the industry."

"Maryland's manufacturing industry is critical to our economic growth and we are
committed to ensuring companies like National Golden Tissue have the support
they need to stay and grow here, and to create good-paying, middle-class jobs
for families across Maryland," said Lt. Governor Anthony Brown.

"We are proud to be a manufacturer in the great state of Maryland," said Gus
Shahrooz, Chief Operating Officer for NGT. "We owe a large portion of our
success to the support we have received over the years from Washington County,
Hagerstown, and the State. The level of cooperation and support that these
organizations have given NGT should be a testament for any manufacturer in the
country looking to relocate."

"National Golden Tissue has continued to grow and substantially increase jobs in
our community in a challenging economy," said Terry Baker, President of the
Washington County Board of County Commissioners. "In partnership with the State,
the County Commissioners and the Department of Business Development are pleased
to continue supporting NGT's job growth and capital investment and we look
forward to the positive economic impact for our County's citizens."

"It is a great pleasure serving as the banking partner for the Shahrooz Brothers
and National Golden Tissue as they execute their ambitious growth plans which
will continue to create needed jobs in Hagerstown," said Adam Winder, Senior
Vice President of Commercial Banking for SunTrust Bank. "This project is a great
example of a Public Private Partnership (PPP) using private sector funds in
conjunction with government entities such as the State of Maryland, Tri-County
Council for Western Maryland and Washington County. SunTrust Bank is committed
to supporting our local businesses and communities through creative partnerships
like this."

In addition to the CBBG grant, DBED will provide a $5 million loan guarantee on
an $11.2 million loan from SunTrust Bank to National Golden Tissue, through the
Maryland Industrial Development Financing Authority (MIDFA). DBED has supported
the continued growth of National Golden Tissue since production began in
Hagerstown more than five years ago, and previously provided the company with a
$5.3 million MIDFA loan guarantee.

National Golden Tissue formed in Hagerstown, Washington County in 2008. NGT
manufactures paper towels, bath and facial tissue, and napkins, and currently
provides brand name and private label products throughout the United States and
Canada. The family-owned company is managed by two brothers, Gus Shahrooz and
Sam Shahrooz, who each have over 20 years of experience in the paper and
manufacturing business.

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.maryland.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 8, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Sallie Mae Gives $28 Million to D.C. Charter Schools

BYLINE: Sewell Chan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B03

LENGTH: 569 words


Sallie Mae, the student loan company, announced yesterday that it is awarding
$28 million to help charter schools in the District acquire or lease facilities
and expand their student enrollment.

The award is one of the largest financial commitments to date to help the
space-strapped charter schools, many of which are housed in crowded and
makeshift facilities. Last month, Mayor Anthony A. Williams (D) and Sen. Mary
Landrieu (D-La.), chairman of the Senate Appropriations subcommittee on the
District, kicked off CityBuild, a $12 million federally funded effort to create
or expand charter schools in selected neighborhoods.

The District's publicly funded charter schools, authorized by a 1995 federal
law, are generally free from the rules governing regular public schools.
Although there is little evidence that they have done a better job than regular
schools in raising student performance, charter schools are popular with parents
and have grown at a rapid pace.

According to Friends of Choice in Urban Schools, a D.C. group that promotes
charters, the city's charter schools have an enrollment of 14,007 students this
year, an increase of more than 20 percent from last year. The group reported
that 18 percent of D.C. public school students are enrolled in charter schools.
The figures are based on unaudited reports from individual schools.

Sallie Mae's chief executive, Albert L. Lord, has been an outspoken proponent of
charters and has called for the company to help create 10,000 new slots in the
District's charter schools. "Unfortunately, many students lack the critical K-12
educational foundation," Lord said in a statement. "This is certainly true in
the District of Columbia. Charter schools provide the skills necessary for
students to enter college and succeed."

The Sallie Mae Fund, the Reston-based company's charitable arm, is providing the
$28 million to Building Hope, a nonprofit organization created by Sallie Mae in
November to provide D.C. charter schools with loan guarantees, low-interest
loans, grants for technical assistance and help in such areas as site selection
and lease and purchase negotiations. S. Joseph Bruno, president of Building
Hope, joined the organization after a career in health care and financial
services. Congress has appropriated $2 million to support Building Hope.

A Sallie Mae spokeswoman said the funding has been used to help four charter
schools create 700 slots for the new school year. The schools are the Cesar
Chavez Public Charter Schools for Public Policy, which has added 220 seats; the
Community Academy Public Charter School, which has added 300; the D.C.
Preparatory Academy, which has added 50; and the E. L. Haynes Public Charter
School, which recently opened with 130 students.

Building Hope selects schools to assist based on the leadership and experience
of their administrators, their financial integrity and their plans for
expansion, said Kathleen deLaski, a Sallie Mae spokeswoman.

Emily K. Lawson, the founder of the D.C. Preparatory Academy in Northeast, which
has 150 students in the fourth through sixth grades, said that $500,000 in loan
guarantees from Sallie Mae was a critical part of the school's $6.1 million
effort to buy and renovate a former warehouse as a permanent site.

"Sallie Mae filled an important gap in our financing plan that enabled us to
renovate and move into this beautiful building," Lawson said.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

New Hurdle for Ag Lenders: Delays with Some Government-Backed Loans

BYLINE: Jackie Stewart

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 694  words


Banks are facing growing delays as they try to lend to facilities that house
livestock.

Several lenders are complaining that it is taking longer to get approvals from
the Farm Service Agency and the Small Business Administration. The banking
industry claims that the agencies have stepped up scrutiny of applications after
a lawsuit criticized how they handled an application tied to a hog-raising
facility in Arkansas.

Such lags threaten to cut into loan production, while forcing some lenders to
consider exiting that business, industry observers said.

"The banks are frustrated," said Steve Apodaca, senior vice president at the
American Bankers Association's Center for Agricultural and Rural Banking. "The
complaint that bankers have is the level of environmental due diligence is
increasing " and it's just delaying the process."

The issue stems from a lawsuit that environmental groups filed in 2013 in the
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas against the agencies,
claiming that they failed to properly vet the potential environmental impact of
a proposed hog farm before granting loan guarantees. A judge ruled in the
groups' favor a year later.

The FSA subsequently updated its environmental-assessment policy for all loans,
including those to livestock and dairy operations. The SBA also made changes.

Those changes have created "a massive amount of confusion" as everyone adjusts
to the new requirements, said John Blanchfield, a principal at Agricultural
Banking Advisory Services. Farmers in Iowa, Wisconsin, New York and Arkansas
have felt the biggest impact from the changes, Apodaca said.

The SBA, which backs loans for facilities in rural areas involved in
farm-related projects such as improving food-processing operations, did not
provide a comment.

The FSA does not have a moratorium on loans to animal facilities, a spokesman
said in a statement, adding that the agency is "currently meeting all credit
requirements of its customers." The spokesman noted that the FSA provided a
record $6.3 billion to nearly 40,000 farmers and ranchers in fiscal-year 2016.

Still, bankers said they are struggling to get responses about their customers'
loan applications.

Bremer Bank, for instance, scrapped plans to combine an SBA 504 loan with a
traditional mortgage for an expanding dairy operation after failing to get
agency approval, said Michael DeLong, an agricultural business banker who works
in Menomonie, Wis.

DeLong finally turned to the FSA to make the deal work, but the entire process
took about a year. Timing for expansions is important in Wisconsin; construction
during the winter is more expensive and it's preferable to move cattle in warmer
months, DeLong said.

"I think there is just some uncertainty out there right now," DeLong said,
adding that he is less likely to use the 504 program now. "It makes a difference
if you don't know a time frame."

The size of the loan - and the project it backs - is important, industry
observers said.

Animal facilities that reach a certain size are considered a concentrated animal
feeding operation, or CAFO, which requires extra review about its environmental
impact. Those operations are the ones facing most of the added scrutiny,
Blanchfield said.

Government-backed loans tend to be much larger than typical bank loans, so
losing a deal over an agency delay can severely cut into a lender's revenue.
Delays also leave farmers stuck in limbo over whether they have the financing to
proceed with a project.

"It is a concern from some bankers," said Mark Scanlan, senior vice president of
agriculture and rural policy at the Independent Community Bankers of America.
"It could certainly slow financing down and could prevent some projects from
being financed."

Animal facilities face issues elsewhere, including debate over livestock living
conditions. More bad press could spur some banks to pull back in order to reduce
reputational risk, with Blanchfield drawing comparisons to banks' reluctance to
lend to the marijuana industry.

Over time, it could be easier for banks to turn down business, Blanchfield said.
"As a result, farmers who raise food will have a harder time accessing capital."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            November 18, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Minister offers $2.8B in aid for pipeline: Industry could land $1.2B, aboriginal
partners would get $1.6B loan guarantee

BYLINE: Gordon Jaremko, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 517  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON - The federal government has offered as much as $2.8 billion in new aid
for the Arctic natural gas mega-project.

A new target of next Wednesday was set for a formal decision to advance the
$7-billion development into northern pipeline hearings and construction after
Deputy Prime Minister Anne McLellan unveiled the new funding yesterday.

Her offer includes $1.2 billion for the Mackenzie Gas Project's industry
sponsors and a $1.6-billion loan guarantee for their northern native partners in
the Aboriginal Pipeline Group.

"We're obviously pleased," project spokesman Pius Rolheiser said last night.
"Our concerns about fiscal terms have been largely addressed."

In outlining the aid package in a letter to project leader Imperial Oil Ltd.,
Ms. McLellan wrote, "Let me be clear: The government of Canada is not prepared
to subsidize construction of the Mackenzie Gas Project."

But she added the government is prepared to implement a wide array of royalty
and investment options to ensure development goes ahead, provided the assistance
is eventually repaid.

She set a target of mid-2006 for working out details.

About the only option not under discussion is government part-ownership in the
proposed Mackenzie Valley Pipeline.

"We've been fairly adamant," Mr. Rolheiser said. "We're not interested in having
(the government) assume an equity stake at this point."

Options described by Ms. McLellan include creating a northern counterpart to
incentive royalty deferrals for Alberta oilsands projects.

Federal royalties would be held to a nominal level -- much like the initial
oilsands rate of one per cent --until the forecast $7-billion costs of the
Arctic gas installations are paid off, Mr. Rolheiser indicated.

The total includes $2.2 billion in Mackenzie Delta production and processing
systems and $4.8 billion for the proposed 1,220-kilometre pipeline to
northwestern Alberta.

Ms. McLellan promised to give "serious consideration" to requests by the
Aboriginal Pipeline Group for a loan guarantee to support its one-third
ownership of the Mackenzie line, which commits it to cover $1.6 billion of the
forecast construction costs.

She acknowledged the industry consortium supports the native appeal for federal
aid and has made the potential help play a prominent role in negotiations with
aboriginal communities on land access and project benefits agreements.

A standardized deal is under discussion in Mackenzie Valley communities and the
project hopes approval will be granted within days, Mr. Rolheiser said. Talks
have been underway since April, when the project halted field operations to work
out relationships with natives before advancing to hearings and construction.

In a letter to the National Energy Board, project backers promised to make up
their mind on next steps and announce the decision by noon Nov. 23. The industry
sponsors also urged the board to go ahead on planning pre-hearing conferences
for December without waiting for the official corporate statement. In the
Northwest Territories, the community discussions are confidential, but
aboriginal leaders signalled a deal is near.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday

Pakistan: Salim Raza prods banks to revamp lending mechanism for boosting agri.
financing

LENGTH: 762  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI , March 04 -- Syed Salim Raza, Governor State Bank of Pakistan has
prodded banks to revamp and re-structure their agri. lending mechanism through
innovative products and adoption of international best practices.According to
our correspondent, presiding over a mid-term review meeting of the Agricultural
Credit Advisory Committee (ACAC) held at the State Bank of Pakistan, Karachi on
Tuesday, Raza said that future economic growth during next four to five years
and beyond will be led by the agriculture sector. "If we want to have sustained
growth, it will come through development of the agriculture sector. Banks must
seriously think about ways and means to increase agri.

lending," he asserted.He emphasized upon the banks to adopt group-based lending,
wholesaler lending to Micro-finance Banks (MFBs), Micro-finance Institutions
(MFIs) and lending to small & marginalized farmers, who are in majority. Banks
should devise strategies for lending to farmers in livestock, dairy, fisheries,
etc. and for developmental purpose including farm implements, water conservation
and infrastructure, he said and added that in this regard Habib Bank Ltd.,
National Bank of Pakistan & Askari Bank Ltd. have made some good progress.SBP
Governor stressed that banks should establish close liaison with farmers'
associations for financial literacy & marketing of agri. loan products and for
the recovery of outstanding loans. 'Similarly, farmers' associations should also
develop close linkages with banks, provincial agriculture & extension
departments, input suppliers, agri. marketing companies, etc. and arrange
programmes to disseminate knowledge & skills to the farmers at grass root
level', he added.Referring to several initiatives taken by the State Bank for
the promotion of agri. financing, Raza talked about launching of Pilot Project
Phase II for disbursement of agri. credit in 28 underserved districts,
introduction of One Window Operation, relief package for agri. loans in NWFP &
FATA, Credit Guarantee Scheme for small farmers for war affected areas,
refinancing facility for modernization of rice husking mills & cotton ginning
factories, training programmes for the officials of Credit Administration & Risk
Management Departments of banks, etc.He said the State Bank is working on the
development of Credit Guarantee Scheme for small & marginalized farmers,
simplification of agri. lending procedures & turnaround time, Model Shariah
compliant products for agriculture financing, market development for agri.
commodities through warehousing system and trading at National Commodity
Exchange Limited. The warehousing system will facilitate small farmers to
realise prices and avail banks' collateralize credit through warehouse
receipt.While giving a brief overview of the sector, SBP Governor said that the
agriculture sector has shown an average growth of 4.5% in the last five years
and it provides livelihood to 66% of the population. However, banks' credit to
farmers has remained almost stagnant i.e. 42-45% of the credit requirements of
the farming community and approximately 2 million against 6.6 million farm
household being served, he pointed out. The share of agri. credit in total
banks' credit has declined from 6.8% in 2005 to 4.7% in June 2009 while the
target for agri. credit for the current fiscal year is Rs 260 billion against
estimated overall credit requirement of Rs 533 billion. Mr. Raza pointed out
that major reasons for the below par performance of banks, as far as agri.
credit is concerned, are the lack of interest, product development and human
resource problems.Representatives from farmers' associations and other
stakeholders also pointed out various hurdles in the promotion of agri.
financing. The SBP Governor asked the banks to resolve the issues in
disbursement of agri. loans to the farming community.Representatives from Zarai
Taraqiati Bank, National Bank and Habib Bank informed the participants about
various initiatives taken by these banks to boost agri. credit. Representatives
of commercial banks have assured the ACAC meeting that the agri. disbursement
target of Rs 260 billion for this fiscal year would be met.The meeting was
attended, among others, by heads of commercial banks, representatives of
agriculture chambers and trade bodies, officials of relevant federal/provincial
departments, besides senior officials of the State Bank. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 3, 2010 Wednesday

Pakistan: Salim Raza prods banks to revamp lending mechanism

LENGTH: 762  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, March 03 -- Syed Salim Raza, Governor State Bank of Pakistan has
prodded banks to revamp and re-structure their agri. lending mechanism through
innovative products and adoption of international best practices.According to
our correspondent, presiding over a mid-term review meeting of the Agricultural
Credit Advisory Committee (ACAC) held at the State Bank of Pakistan, Karachi on
Tuesday, Raza said that future economic growth during next four to five years
and beyond will be led by the agriculture sector. "If we want to have sustained
growth, it will come through development of the agriculture sector. Banks must
seriously think about ways and means to increase agri.

lending," he asserted.He emphasized upon the banks to adopt group-based lending,
wholesaler lending to Micro-finance Banks (MFBs), Micro-finance Institutions
(MFIs) and lending to small & marginalized farmers, who are in majority. Banks
should devise strategies for lending to farmers in livestock, dairy, fisheries,
etc. and for developmental purpose including farm implements, water conservation
and infrastructure, he said and added that in this regard Habib Bank Ltd.,
National Bank of Pakistan & Askari Bank Ltd. have made some good progress.SBP
Governor stressed that banks should establish close liaison with farmers'
associations for financial literacy & marketing of agri. loan products and for
the recovery of outstanding loans. 'Similarly, farmers' associations should also
develop close linkages with banks, provincial agriculture & extension
departments, input suppliers, agri. marketing companies, etc. and arrange
programmes to disseminate knowledge & skills to the farmers at grass root
level', he added.Referring to several initiatives taken by the State Bank for
the promotion of agri. financing, Raza talked about launching of Pilot Project
Phase II for disbursement of agri. credit in 28 underserved districts,
introduction of One Window Operation, relief package for agri. loans in NWFP &
FATA, Credit Guarantee Scheme for small farmers for war affected areas,
refinancing facility for modernization of rice husking mills & cotton ginning
factories, training programmes for the officials of Credit Administration & Risk
Management Departments of banks, etc.He said the State Bank is working on the
development of Credit Guarantee Scheme for small & marginalized farmers,
simplification of agri. lending procedures & turnaround time, Model Shariah
compliant products for agriculture financing, market development for agri.
commodities through warehousing system and trading at National Commodity
Exchange Limited. The warehousing system will facilitate small farmers to
realise prices and avail banks' collateralize credit through warehouse
receipt.While giving a brief overview of the sector, SBP Governor said that the
agriculture sector has shown an average growth of 4.5% in the last five years
and it provides livelihood to 66% of the population. However, banks' credit to
farmers has remained almost stagnant i.e. 42-45% of the credit requirements of
the farming community and approximately 2 million against 6.6 million farm
household being served, he pointed out. The share of agri. credit in total
banks' credit has declined from 6.8% in 2005 to 4.7% in June 2009 while the
target for agri. credit for the current fiscal year is Rs 260 billion against
estimated overall credit requirement of Rs 533 billion. Mr. Raza pointed out
that major reasons for the below par performance of banks, as far as agri.
credit is concerned, are the lack of interest, product development and human
resource problems.Representatives from farmers' associations and other
stakeholders also pointed out various hurdles in the promotion of agri.
financing. The SBP Governor asked the banks to resolve the issues in
disbursement of agri. loans to the farming community.Representatives from Zarai
Taraqiati Bank, National Bank and Habib Bank informed the participants about
various initiatives taken by these banks to boost agri. credit. Representatives
of commercial banks have assured the ACAC meeting that the agri. disbursement
target of Rs 260 billion for this fiscal year would be met.The meeting was
attended, among others, by heads of commercial banks, representatives of
agriculture chambers and trade bodies, officials of relevant federal/provincial
departments, besides senior officials of the State Bank. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             May 2, 2012 Wednesday
                             Politifact.com Edition

AD SAYS STIMULUS TAX CREDITS FUNDED A SOLAR COMPANY BUILDING A MEXICO PLANT

BYLINE: BECKY BOWERS

SECTION: POLITIFACT

LENGTH: 1091 words


The stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as "$1.2 billion to a solar
company that's building a plant in Mexico."

Americans for Prosperity on Thursday, April 26th, 2012 in a TV ad

* * *

THE RULING: PANTS ON FIRE

A TV ad running in eight states blames President Barack Obama for sending
stimulus money overseas while Americans are out of work.

"Tell President Obama, American tax dollars should help American taxpayers," the
narrator says. Instead, $2.3 billion in tax credits funded jobs in Mexico,
Finland and China, the ad claims.

We checked all three examples - and found the ad incorrectly describes them all.

(This is our first check on the ad, and we'll update this item with links to the
others when they're published. We've also checked many other exaggerations about
the stimulus.)

Americans for Prosperity, a group dedicated to "educating citizens about
economic policy" that works closely with tea party activists and has been funded
by the conservative Koch family, released the ad April 26, 2012.

Here's the string of claims, starting with an image of the president signing a
bill:

Washington promised to create American jobs. We passed their stimulus. But
that's not what happened. Fact: Billions of taxpayer dollars spent on green
energy went to jobs in foreign countries. The Obama administration admitted the
truth, that $2.3 billion of tax credits went overseas, while millions of
Americans can't find a job. $1.2 billion to a solar company that's building a
plant in Mexico. Half a billion to an electric car company that created hundreds
of jobs in Finland. And tens of millions of dollars to build traffic lights in
China.

Sounds like a scandal and an outrage. Is that what happened?

For this fact-check, we're focusing on whether "tax credits" that "went
overseas" included "$1.2 billion to a solar company that's building a plant in
Mexico."

The ad listed two sources for its Mexico claim, the Energy Department and PV
Magazine. We tracked those down, then chatted with the companies involved.

Two programs, two projects

We'll start with what's true: An American solar company, SunPower, was approved
for federal stimulus money. It also opened a solar panel plant in Mexico.

(Or, rather, it moved its Mexican manufacturing from Chihuahua to a building
it's leasing in Mexicali, said company spokeswoman Natalie Wymer.)

That's where the claim's relationship to the truth ends.

- The company didn't get tax credits, but a $1.2 billion loan guarantee. What's
the difference? The Energy Department expects the loan to be paid back - with
interest.

- That loan guarantee wasn't for the Mexico plant - a separate project with its
own funding Ñ but to build the California Valley Solar Ranch in San Luis Obispo,
Calif. Construction on the California project has already started, with the
Energy Department projecting 350 construction jobs and 15 permanent ones.
Pacific Gas & Electric Co., the state's largest utility, will ultimately buy the
power.

- Most of the solar panels for the California project will come from SunPower's
California manufacturing facility in Milpitas, though given the size of the
project, they'll also come from the company's plants in Mexico and Asia, Wymer
said.

- SunPower no longer owns the California Valley Solar Ranch project. The solar
project - and the loan guarantee - belong to New Jersey company NRG Energy.
That's the company that will get the federal loan money, and be responsible for
repaying taxpayers.

Our ruling

A TV ad from Americans for Prosperity says billions of tax dollars spent on
green energy went to jobs in foreign countries. It claims that stimulus bill tax
credits went overseas, such as "$1.2 billion to a solar company that's building
a plant in Mexico." The ad even cites sources for its claim.

But those same sources, plus a few phone calls, quickly bring down the ad's
house of cards. Sure, taxpayer money was originally approved for a California
solar company that also happened to open a plant in Mexico. But that loan - not
tax credits, as the ad claims - will go to a New Jersey company for a solar
project in California, employing construction workers in the state, using mostly
California-built solar panels, to create solar power that'll be purchased by a
California utility.

That's a completely different story. The ad strings together alarming-sounding
tidbits about actual stimulus projects to create the impression of something
else entirely - in a way that's ultimately ridiculous. And that earns our lowest
rating, Pants on Fire.

* * *

About this statement:

Published: Wednesday, May 2nd, 2012 at 11:31 a.m.

Subjects: Corporations, Energy, Environment, Government Efficiency, Message
Machine 2012, Stimulus

Sources: Americans for Prosperity, "AFP Wasteful Spending Ad," April 26, 2012;
Americans for Prosperity, "AFP Ad Scrutinizes Wasteful Use of Taxpayer Dollars,"
April 26, 2012

New Yorker, "Covert operations: The billionaire brothers who are waging war
against Obama," Aug. 30. 2010; NPR, "Who's raising money for tea party
movement?" Feb. 19, 2010; Los Angeles Times, "Koch brothers now at heart of GOP
power," Feb. 6, 2011; Americans for Prosperity, "About Americans for
Prosperity," accessed Nov. 11, 2011; Washington Times, "'Green' jobs no longer
golden in stimulus," Sept. 9, 2010; PV Magazine, "SunPower to open Mexican
plant," Aug. 8, 2011; Energy Department Loan Programs Office, "DOE Offers
Conditional Commitment for $1.187 Billion Loan Guarantee, Support California
Solar Generation," April 12, 2011; Energy Department Loan Programs Office, "DOE
Finalizes $1.2 Billion Loan Guarantee to Support California Solar Generation
Project," Sept. 30, 2011; Energy Department Loan Programs Office, "NRG Solar
(California Valley Solar Ranch)," accessed May 1, 2012; California Valley Solar
Ranch, accessed April 30, 2012; SunPower, "SunPower Announces New Solar Panel
Manufacturing Facility," Aug. 5, 2011; Interview with Natalie Wymer, senior
director, SunPower corporate communications, May 1, 2012; SunPower, "SunPower's
and Flextronics' New Solar Manufacturing Plant Creates Jobs, Economic Benefits
and Clean Affordable Energy," April 12, 2011; SunPower, "SunPower and Total
Partner to Create a New Global Leader in the Solar Industry," April 28, 2011;
SunPower, "NRG Energy, SunPower Invite Community Leaders to Ceremonial
Groundbreaking for 250-Megawatt California Valley Solar Ranch," Nov. 10, 2011;
SunPower, "SunPower Announces Agreement to Acquire Tenesol SA," Dec 23, 2011;
NRG Energy, 10-K filing, Feb. 28, 2012

Researched by: Becky Bowers

Edited by: Bill Adair

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2) VIDEO - YouTube: Americans for Prosperity released this ad
April 26, 2012, to air in Colorado, Florida, Iowa, Michigan, Nevada, New Mexico,
Ohio and Virginia. PHOTO: A TV ad from Americans for Prosperity claims that
stimulus tax credits went overseas, including "$1.2 billion to a solar company
that's building a plant in Mexico." That's not what happened.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                          September 24, 2011 Saturday

SBP committed to making banking services easy to access

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 264

LENGTH: 549  words


The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) is committed to using all the possible means to
make the banking services accessible to all segments of the society.

Managing Director, SBP Banking Services Corporation, Qasim Nawaz at the two-day
banking exhibition at Gujranwala on Friday highlighted various initiatives taken
or being taken by the SBP to facilitate the underserved sectors of the economy
in the field of agriculture, SME and microfinance.

The ongoing review of policy and regulatory environment is to promote SME,
agriculture and micro finance as a viable and mainstream business activity for
banking industry.

SBP is  also undertaking review of the existing Prudential Regulations for SME
Financing, to develop and separate PRs for "Small Enterprises" & "Medium
Enterprises. When implemented, this exercise would facilitate small enterprises'
access to bank credit and consequently raise their share in banks' loans).

Introduction of Credit Guarantee Scheme for Small & Rural Enterprises (CGS) to
share credit risk with banks (upto 40%) with the objective of increasing banks'
lending in neglected sectors/areas. Around 2,000 accounts have been issued
guarantee under CGS. An amount of Rs 925 million has been disbursed to small and
rural enterprises under CGS and SBP shares risk worth Rs 392.5 million with
commercial banks for their lending to this sector.

Introduction of Microfinance Credit Guarantee Facility for resolving liquidity
problems for microfinance banks/microfinance institutions. Ten MFBs/MFIs have
been provided funding facilities worth Rs 2.8 billion under the scheme by banks.

SBP BSC has provided guarantee cover of Rs 805 million for the lending by
commercial banks to MFB/MFIs.

Whereas introduction of refinance scheme for modernisation of SMEs, introduction
of refinance scheme for agriculture produce storage construction, crash training
programme for the SME and agriculture credit officers of banks. Special capacity
building programmes for MFBs/MFIs and Islamic banks are also in the pipeline,
launch of eCIB for MFIs to assess the credit worthiness and to avoid
over-indebtedness of small borrowers, establishment of SME, agri and
microfinance focus groups at BSC field offices across the country to strengthen
the consultative mechanism in policy formulation and implementation, initiation
of surveys and studies of different regions (furniture industry and rice husking
industry surveys of Gujranwala region are planned this year), development of
linkages with all the key stakeholders both at country level as well as the
district/region level to adopt a collaborative strategy to help/facilitate the
entrepreneurs and rural communities in accessing financial services from banks,
organising SME, micro, agri and Islamic seminars, workshops, exhibitions and
fairs in cities and rural areas in collaboration with banks, SMEDA, and
provincial agricultural, livestock departments to create awareness amongst the
stakeholders at grassroots level about financial services.

These studies will enable banks and SBP to make their policies, initiatives and
products more responsive to the market needs.

Qasim Nawaz expressed hope that the banking exhibition at Gujranwala would go a
long way in improving access to finance for the lower segment of the borrowers
of the region.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           August 21, 1996, Wednesday

Thatcher feared De Lorean backlash; Scrapping pounds 70m car plant would have
'betrayed' nationalists inUlster and left British Leyland exposed, Cabinet
minutes reveal. Michael Harrison reports

BYLINE: Michael Harrison

SECTION: BUSINESS; Page  17

LENGTH: 1172 words


The Thatcher government pumped millions of pounds of taxpayers' money into the
doomed De Lorean car plant in west Belfast because scrapping the project would
have made it difficult to justify continued support for the state-owned British
Leyland and the Harland & Wolff shipyard.

Ministers were also petrified that pulling the plug on the pounds 70m venture
would be seen as an act of "betrayal" by Northern Ireland's nationalist
community and serve as a recruitment drive for the Provisional IRA.

The extraordinary political machinations that lay behind the Callaghan
government's decision to launch the project and the Thatcher administration's
desperate attempts to keep it alive emerge from the first full examination of
hitherto secret Cabinet papers and affidavits made public last week by a New
York judge.

The southern district court of New York ruled that 250 separate documents, from
Cabinet minutes and confidential memoranda to depositions from witnesses
including Baroness Thatcher, the former prime minister, should be made public as
part of the legal action being brought by the Government against De Lorean's
auditors, Arthur Andersen.

In a memorandum to the Cabinet's economic affairs committee dated 2 February
1981 - 12 months before De Lorean's collapse - the then Northern Ireland
Secretary Humphrey Atkins said: "To let this project go now would be seen,
particularly by the minority community, as betrayal in the one area, economic
development, where the Government could act positively. (It would no doubt be
contrasted with our continuing support for the largely Protestant Harland and
Wolff and unhappy comparisons would certainly be drawn with our current support
of BL)."

Referring to a request from De Lorean for the government to guarantee a pounds
10m bank loan, Mr Atkins went on: "Purely commercial considerations would
suggest that the case for putting more assistance into De Lorean is, at best,
doubtful. But we cannot settle this on commercial grounds only. The De Lorean
venture has become something of a symbol for HMG's economic commitment to
Northern Ireland and especially to the minority community there."

In a subsequent video-taped deposition, given in 1992 to James Zirin, Arthur
Andersen's New York lawyer, Mr Atkins said that discussion of the loan guarantee
had come shortly after the death of the IRA hunger striker Bobby Sands. He had
been buried near the factory and the whole area was convulsed in riots and
attacks on factories, including the De Lorean plant.

"The terrorist organisations, particularly the IRA, found it easier to recruit
support for their operations in areas of unemployment than in other areas," Mr
Atkins said. Asked if this argued in favour of additional funds, he replied:
"Indeed it did. It was one of the many factors."

Approval for public funds to build the extravagant gull-winged car was given at
a crucial meeting of the Callaghan Cabinet on 26 July 1978 at which then then
Norhern Ireland Secretary Roy Mason argued strongly in its favour. The largely
Catholic west Belfast had 35-40 per cent male unemployment and was in "real
danger of degenerating into a ghetto".  The best counter to the influence of the
IRA in the area was to provide new jobs. "It was therefore of the utmost
political, social and psychological importance that the project should go ahead.
This would be a hammer blow to the IRA. Indirectly, it would save soldiers'
lives," he said.

John Banham, then a consultant for McKinseys and later to be knighted after
serving as the CBI's director general, took a different view. In a 13-page
report submitted just eight days earlier, he warned the Cabinet that it was "an
extraordinarily risky venture" and "ambitious to say the least". In a subsequent
deposition in 1990, Sir John said: "There are very few projects where hindsight
and foresight seem quite so clearly aligned."

Mrs Thatcher had her forebodings as well, although initially her reaction was
positive. In her video-taped affidavit, she says: "We had seen pictures of the
design of a car and it looked as if it could be a marvellous joy to any young
person who could afford it. It was really a rather dashing car."

But she soon became suspicious: "If anyone comes to me for money again and again
and again and again, naturally I begin to question the wisdom of the original
decision and naturally I am reluctant to give taxpayers' money."

De Lorean had already soaked up pounds 50m by the time the first demand for an
extra pounds 21m landed in July 1980. It was discussed that month by the Cabinet
economic affairs committee, chaired by the then Industry Secretary Sir Keith
Joseph.

Mr Atkins told the committee that there was "considerable risk that the project
might prove commercially unsuccessful given the very changed economic
circumstances of the motor industry". But he went on: "To refuse support would
undoubtedly have an impact on the security situation in Northern Ireland at a
time of year when emotions were in any case running high." Within seven months
De Lorean was back with the begging bowl, this time asking for the government to
guarantee a pounds 10m loan. In a letter to the Prime Minister dated 3 February,
1981, Mr Atkins said: "I am convinced that for reasons mainly special to
Northern Ireland we should accede to this request."

Three days later Sir Keith penned a private memo saying that if the government
refused it would be blamed. "The longer-term future of the project remains
uncertain but if it is to fail, the committee agrees with the Secretary of State
that this must be seen to be the responsibility of Mr De Lorean and not the
fault of the government."

In a handwritten note at the top of the memo Mrs Thatcher added: "I take it this
is the last double underlined help we give to this unwise project."

It was not. In December 1981, the loan guarantee was about to run out and De
Lorean was back cap in hand yet again asking for a six-month extension and a
further pounds 5m top-up to the facility. But by this time the Cabinet players
had changed. Jim Prior had taken over from Mr Atkins as Northern Ireland
Secretary, Sir Keith had handed over as Industry Secretary to Patrick Jenkin,
and Leon Brittan had become Chief Secretary to the Treasury.

Mr Prior told his colleagues that "in commercial terms it would make little
sense to end the project at this stage". It was to be a short-lived reprieve.
Within a month De Lorean's financial position had deteriorated to an alarming
degree. On 21 January 1982 Mr Prior told the Cabinet that without a further
injection of pounds 47m De Lorean would have to cease trading in eight days. A
month later De Lorean was put into receivership.

The cruellest irony was that after all the symbolism invested in De Lorean, it
self-destructed without handing the IRA a propaganda victory. As Mr Prior told
the Cabinet on 28 January 1982, "So far there have been no adverse political
consequences in Northern Ireland."


LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 18, 2010 Thursday

USDA dishes out grants, loans to area businesses

BYLINE: Lisa Miller, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Nov. 18--Millions of dollars have flowed into area business over the course of
five years, North Dakota Rural Development Director Jasper Schneider said during
a stop at the Strom Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation in Dickinson
Wednesday.

Tuesday and Wednesday Schneider toured Mott, Regent, Bowman, Hettinger, Medora,
Beach and Dickinson to get feedback on economic development projects and
congratulate businesses for their recent success and growth.

Recent projects the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development has been
involved in Dickinson include:

- $8.5 million in a business and industry loan was awarded to the Grand Dakota
Lodge and Conference Center for expansion.

- $5.8 million in a loan guarantee was awarded to Great Plains Medical
Enterprises to purchase the Prairie Hills Mall for a medical facility.

"I don't know what the long-term plans are but they purchased the entire mall
and short term the stores are to stay in tact," Schneider said. "But owning the
mall gives them options, they do have a medical presence there."

- A $78,700 Rural Business Opportunity Grant was awarded to Roosevelt-Custer
Regional Council to develop a strategic plan for energy impacted southwest North
Dakota.

- Consolidated Telcom received $11.5 million in grants and loans to bring
broadband Internet to rural Dickinson and Belfield.

- St. Luke's Home was awarded $13.6 million for construction of a nursing
facility.

Schneider said he is proud of the economic development efforts Dickinson has
made.

"We are happy to contribute to Dickinson's success," Schneider said.

Schneider invited others to share their success stories and Killdeer Mountain
Manufacturing President Don Hedger spoke about a project in Killdeer.

The High Plains Cultural Center will include a multi-purpose room and a separate
room that would include kiosks depicting the culture and history of the area, he
said.

"When others have an idea like we did," he added. "They are faced with many
obstacles, including rumors, financing and officials dragging their feet. How
can they move forward?"

Schneider agreed by saying education is important.

"It takes a team to move a project forward," Schneider said. "Community support
is important because without it, it is hard for us to give the OK for a
project."

The crowd brought up housing, roads and appraisals when asked about needs in
Dickinson.

"Dickinson is growing and today's needs might not be the same as a week from
now," Schneider said. "If anything comes up in the future please let us know we
would be more than willing to work on more rural development projects."

To see more of The Dickinson Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thedickinsonpress.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Dickinson Press, N.D.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101118-QX-USDA-dishes-out-grants-loans
-to-area-businesses-1118-20101118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2010 The Dickinson Press


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Record (Hackensack, New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday

N.J. program aims to ease credit crunch

BYLINE: Richard Newman, The Record, Hackensack, N.J.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 543 words


Jan. 14--The state's Economic Development Authority is taking applications from
New Jersey small-business owners for a $50 million lending program that could
leverage up to $250 million in commercial bank loans and lines of credit.

"We've gotten a lot of interest," Caren Franzini, chief executive officer of the
EDA, said Monday. "We've had over 200 calls to our call center and over 1,200
hits on the Web site over the past three weeks."

The queries were from people interested in either the Main Street Business
Assistance Program or another new initiative, the InvestNJ Business Grant
Program, she said.

The two-year lending program, authorized under legislation signed in December by
Governor Corzine, is geared toward businesses that have between five and 100
employees and that are "doing well but have been hurt by the credit crunch,"
Franzini said.

Small-business owners -- even those with good credit -- are having a harder time
getting financing they need to maintain staffing levels or, in some cases, stay
afloat. That's because bankers are worried about rising defaults and uncertainty
about the value of real estate that borrowers put up as collateral. Franzini
said the state-backed lending program's main thrust is to reduce banks' risk so
they will be more willing to extend credit to healthy companies. She said the
idea came out of a fall meeting between the governor and business leaders, in
which ways to shore up the state's economy were discussed.

The EDA will guarantee 50 percent of lines of credit -- up to $250,000 for a
$500,000 line.

The assurances are pledges to the banks that the EDA will make good on portions
of the loans if borrowers default.

For loans on buildings or equipment, the EDA will provide a maximum of 25
percent of the total loan amount, not to exceed $1 million -- plus a guarantee
of 50 percent of the bank's portion of the loan, up to $2 million.

For loans to provide operating funds, the EDA will contribute up to 25 percent
of the loan amount up to $750,000, plus a 50 percent guarantee.

The EDA will charge 5 percent for its portion of the loans, with terms up to
five years.

"The ultimate beneficiary is the small business," Franzini said.

Borrowers must be in business for at least two years.

The EDA has a history of partnering with banks to boost lending, but this is the
first time it is backing lines of credit, said John McWeeney, co-president of
NJBankers, a trade group that represents most of the banks in New Jersey.

"We supported the concept," he said. "Anything that can be done to get more
capital out there to the business community is a good thing," he said.

The EDA guarantees can help banks continue to finance customers they may view as
too risky in today's economic environment, he said.

"[The program] can support a lending facility the bank may want to back away
from," McWeeney said.

To see more of The Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.NorthJersey.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Record, Hackensack, N.J.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090114-HK-SMALLBIZ-AID-20090114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HK


                           Copyright 2009 The Record


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 3, 2017

                    ALMONDVALE STADIUM COMMUNITY ENTERPRISE

                               ALMONDVALE STADIUM
                                ALDERSTONE ROAD
                                   LIVINGSTON
                              LIVINGSTON EH54 7DN


TRADE ADDRESS: Almondvale Stadium Alderstone Road, LIVINGSTON EH54 7DN

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01506414957

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC512287

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 4, 2015
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr John Liam Laurie, Company Director
     ·    Peter West, Business Consultant (self Empl
     ·    Thomas Grainger Heggie, Retired
     ·    Kenneth Robert Watson Hogg, Solicitor
     ·    Ms Lesley Mcgiffen, Civil Servant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 27, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 3, 2016

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          16,830         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         -         -
Other Current Assets                          16,830         -         -
Total Current Assets                          16,830         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  16,830         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 16,830         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             16,830         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/201  -  -
                           6
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales                -  -  -
Cost of Sales              -  -  -
Gross Profit               -  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit              -  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed      16,830  -  -
Net Worth             16,830  -  -
Working Capital       16,830  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/08/201 --
                                                           6
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  - --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                - --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           - --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                       - --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                         - --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                          1 --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2011 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               September 27, 2011

                                      OSOP

                             76 LOWER THRIFT STREET
                                  NORTHAMPTON
                            NORTHAMPTONSHIRE NN1 5HP

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06252119

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 18, 2007
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Paul Greco, Senior Lecturer
     ·    Peter Slack, Teacher
     ·    Matthew Adrian Keen, Charity Worker


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MATTHEW ADRIANKEEN


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2010
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2010
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 16, 2010
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 18, 2010
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/200 31/05/200
                                                   0         9         8
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         0         0
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         0         0
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                               0         0    13,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               0         0    13,000
Total Current Assets                               0         0    13,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0    13,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/200 31/05/200
                                                   0         9         8
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         0     1,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          0         0     1,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  0         0     1,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0     -3000     4,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0     3,000     8,000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                                  0         0    12,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         0         0    12,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/200 31/05/200
                           0         9         8
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales            7,000         0    29,000
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              0    -12000     4,000
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0    12,000
Net Worth                  0         0    12,000
Working Capital            0         0    12,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,354 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2010)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -6.99     1.64    23.53
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -7.44     0.00    12.90
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -6.99     0.00     9.20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              47.14   138.69   334.76
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.61     1.01     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.50     1.06     2.22
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  12,000.0 18,000.0 22,875.0
                                                          0        0        0
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,409.0 52,376.8 85,323.5
                                                          9        1        3
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  42.08    32.03    20.38



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                      18
=
Year -2                                      69
=
Year -3                                       -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/200 31/05/200
                                                       0         9         8
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -     33.33
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -     30.77
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -     33.33
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           0.00         -     13.79
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -    223.08
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         0.00         -     41.38
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      0.00         -      0.00
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -     13.00
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -     13.00
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -      0.92
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 0

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: CVS Community Finance Service

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                   MCLAREN COMMUNITY LEISURE CENTRE HOLDINGS

                        MCLAREN COMMUNITY LEISURE CENTRE
                                 MOLLANDS ROAD
                                   CALLANDER
                               CALLANDER FK17 8JP


TRADE ADDRESS: Mollands Road, CALLANDER FK17 8JP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01877330000
URL: www.mclarenleisure.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC171840

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 21, 1997
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 38

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                                      Turnove
No.                                                                     r
SC156034        MCLAREN COMMUNITY LEISURE CENTRE (TRADING)              0
                LIMITED
-               -                                                       -
-               -                                                       -
-               -                                                       -
-               -                                                       -
-               -                                                       -
-               -                                                       -
-               -                                                       -
-               -                                                       -
-               -                                                       -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr John Arthur Campbell, Digital Director
     ·    Mr Thomas Raymond Watkins, Retired
     ·    Mr David Moore, Retired Architect
     ·    Mr Robert Mannin Latimer, Environmental Consultant
     ·    Mr Sean Alan Scott, Hmf British Army
     ·    Mr Duncan Mclay, Principal Teacher Of Pe
     ·    Mr Grant Peter East, Accountant
     ·    Mrs Sheila Johnston, Retired


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrsPatricia MargaretThompson


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 20, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 19, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  90,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,882,384 1,953,552 2,036,830
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         1,882,384 1,953,552 2,036,830
Stocks                                         3,634     3,719     2,090
Debtors                                        2,243       250     2,168
Cash                                         270,785   301,123   213,498
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  27,581     3,800     4,440
Other Current Assets                         298,366   304,923   217,938
Total Current Assets                         304,243   308,892   222,196
Fixed Assets                               1,882,384 1,953,552 2,036,830
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,186,627 2,262,444 2,259,026



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                     10,406    19,004    11,325
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            107,716    92,886    75,775
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                       8,590     8,590     9,764
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     99,126    84,296    66,011
Short Term Loans                               8,590     8,590     9,764
Long Term Loans                               42,952    51,543    58,959
Long Term Bank Loan                           42,952    51,543    58,959
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   19,080    26,982    34,840
Total Current Liabilities                    118,122   111,890    87,100
Total Long Term Liabilities                   62,032    78,525    93,799
TOTAL LIABILITIES                            180,154   190,415   180,899
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              2,006,473 2,072,029 2,078,127
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          2,006,473 2,072,029 2,078,127
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                       129,000         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 2,068,505 2,150,554 2,171,926


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          946,753   749,379   657,372
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit         946,753   749,379   657,372
Operating Profit      -65556     -6098    -34872
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         -65556     -6098    -34872
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      -65556     -6098    -34872
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits      -65556     -6098    -34872
Value Added          447,493   404,139   353,824
Capital Employed   2,068,505 2,150,554 2,171,926
Net Worth          2,006,473 2,072,029 2,078,127
Working Capital      186,121   197,002   135,096
Emp. Renumeration    429,885   326,959   301,821
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees             5,800     7,010     6,887
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation          83,164    83,278    86,875
Number of                 38        38        38
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               26.34  44.02  59.13
Pretax             975.04  87.99  29.99
Total Assets        -3.35   -3.2  -3.42
Current Assets      -1.51  36.93  56.41
Current              5.57  35.62  43.64
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -3.82  -4.76  -5.19
Employee Wages      31.48  42.43  56.11
Number of               0      0  46.15
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 15,375 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92629 Other sporting activities not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.26     4.05    21.21
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.79     2.04    13.38
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -3.01     2.23    15.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              48.68    105.7   255.56
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        8.32        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .31        1     1.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            22,385.2 37,485.7 68,194.5
                                                          5                 3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,340.2 20,173.9 43,253.1
                                                          1        1        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  26,207.1 52,902.0 121,853.
                                                          4        6        5
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  55.02       40    26.66



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  96
=
Year -1  96
=
Year -2  86
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -3.17     -0.28     -1.61
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                            -3     -0.27     -1.54
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -3.27     -0.29     -1.68
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -6.92     -0.81      -5.3
Sales / Total Assets (%)                            43.3     33.12      29.1
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                             0.5      0.38      0.32
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        19.66     26.29     20.55
Sales / Stocks                                    260.53     201.5    314.53
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      0.86      0.12       1.2
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                2.58      2.76      2.55
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  2.54      2.73      2.53
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          2.57       2.9      3.31
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.92      0.92      0.92
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      2.14      2.49      2.84
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        32.5     30.09     41.67
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     11,312.7  8,604.18  7,942.66
(GBP)                                                  6
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  45.41     43.63     45.91
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -1725.16   -160.47   -917.68
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               24,914.5  19,720.5 17,299.26
                                                       5
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          54,434.3 56,593.53 57,155.95
                                                       4
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        49,536.4 51,409.26 53,600.79
                                                       2
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        57,542.8    59,538 59,448.05
                                                       2
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -14.65     -1.51     -9.86
Value Added / Sales (%)                            47.27     53.93     53.82
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         11,776.1 10,635.24  9,311.16
                                                       3
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.04      1.24      1.17
Sales / Audit Fees                                163.23     106.9     95.45
Total Assets / Audit Fees                            377    322.75    328.01
Creditors / Debtors                                 4.64     76.02      5.22
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.28      0.31      0.51
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.02      0.03      0.03

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,068,505

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: R.A. Clement Associates

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday

Fairfax hospital lands $15M USDA loan

BYLINE: Ken Newton, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 342 words


Jun. 3--Community Hospital of Fairfax, Mo., celebrates 60 years of operation
this November. On Tuesday, it celebrated a number of even greater magnitude.

The primary health care provider for Atchison and Holt counties got a $15
million guaranteed loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development program. Northwest Missouri Congressman Sam Graves, who lives in
Atchison County, announced the loan's approval on Tuesday afternoon.

The money will go toward construction of a new hospital building.

"This funding will ensure quality medical care for another generation," Mr.
Graves said.

Myra Evans, the hospital's chief executive officer, said the federal loan
guarantee proves essential in financing the "replacement hospital."

Last year, the community embarked on a $1.5 million capital campaign for the
facility. Last month, the effort stood about $48,000 short of its goal.

The not-for-profit hospital, which employs 115 people, gets no local tax funds,
its revenues coming from paid medical services and donations. The federal
government regards it a critical access hospital, a designation that enhances
Medicare payments and allows rural hospitals a greater chance at economic
survival.

The new hospital will have more space for an outpatient clinic and physical and
occupational therapy. Its emergency room will be adjacent to the hospital's
acute care wing, an improvement over the existing facility.

Mr. Graves, who was born at the hospital in 1963, supported the loan and, in
March, got $381,000 included for the construction project in a congressional
spending bill.

Ken Newton can be reached at kenn@npgco.com

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090603-JM-Fairfax-hospital-lands-15M-USDA-loan-0603

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2009 St. Joseph News-Press


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday

Fairfax hospital lands $15M USDA loan

BYLINE: Ken Newton, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 342 words


Jun. 3--Community Hospital of Fairfax, Mo., celebrates 60 years of operation
this November. On Tuesday, it celebrated a number of even greater magnitude.

The primary health care provider for Atchison and Holt counties got a $15
million guaranteed loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development program. Northwest Missouri Congressman Sam Graves, who lives in
Atchison County, announced the loan's approval on Tuesday afternoon.

The money will go toward construction of a new hospital building.

"This funding will ensure quality medical care for another generation," Mr.
Graves said.

Myra Evans, the hospital's chief executive officer, said the federal loan
guarantee proves essential in financing the "replacement hospital."

Last year, the community embarked on a $1.5 million capital campaign for the
facility. Last month, the effort stood about $48,000 short of its goal.

The not-for-profit hospital, which employs 115 people, gets no local tax funds,
its revenues coming from paid medical services and donations. The federal
government regards it a critical access hospital, a designation that enhances
Medicare payments and allows rural hospitals a greater chance at economic
survival.

The new hospital will have more space for an outpatient clinic and physical and
occupational therapy. Its emergency room will be adjacent to the hospital's
acute care wing, an improvement over the existing facility.

Mr. Graves, who was born at the hospital in 1963, supported the loan and, in
March, got $381,000 included for the construction project in a congressional
spending bill.

Ken Newton can be reached at kenn@npgco.com

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090603-JM-Fairfax-hospital-lands-15M-USDA-loan-0603

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2009 St. Joseph News-Press


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                               December 22, 2016

Businesses Tipped on Available Funding Options to Boost Expansion of Exports

BYLINE: James Karuhanga

LENGTH: 780 words


Rwandan entrepreneurs will need to get informed and apply for existing funding
opportunities, if they are to take their businesses to the next level, François
Kanimba, the minister for trade, industry and East African Community affairs,
said yesterday.

Speaking in Kigali during the first national conference on the role of women in
socio-economic development in the East African Community (EAC), the minister
particularly singled out the Export Growth Fund (EGF) managed by the Development
Bank of Rwanda (BRD) as being under-utilised.

"We held many meetings with people involved in export business and they were
delighted but what amazes us is that this rejoicing ended in meeting rooms,"
Kanimba said.

"We wait for people to come forward to use the fund but none comes up. This is a
problem; I fought hard to see this Fund set up but now we have to explain why it
is not used."

Responding to queries from the audience over high interest rates that
purportedly smother start-ups, Kanimba explained that the Fund was established
to help exporters get around such obstacles.

If a bank gave an entrepreneur a loan at a 17 per cent interest rate, for
example, he said, the Fund would chip in 6.5 per cent to ease things for the
entrepreneur.

The Fund is designed as a single facility with three separate windows including
an investment catalyst fund providing subsidies on the interest rate of loans
targeted toward private sector investments in export oriented production.

Then there is the matching grant fund for market entry related costs: matching
grant to firms investing in activities specific to exporting that are not
necessarily a consideration when not exporting; and the export guarantee
facility, to provide transaction-related guarantees to commercial banks to
securitise export finance transactions up to 80 per cent of value.

Eugenie Nshimiyimana, chairperson of the Chamber of Women Entrepreneurs, said
women entrepreneurs, in particular, are not readily informed about such
initiatives.

"There is a lack of information but now, for example, the few women here who
have learned about the fund will inform many others," she said.

Fast-track, expand exporters businesses

According to Benjamin Manzi, the head of export financing at BRD, the EGF,
introduced more than a year ago, aims to help to fast-track and assist local
exporting firms to expand their business by providing finance.

Manzi said the matching grant fund for market entry-related costs offers up to
50 per cent grants to cover genuine budget costs "but not more than $100,000 for
anyone" who wants to penetrate the international market.

"We are targeting SMEs and the minimum we can give is $50,000 and the maximum is
one million dollars but the Ministry of Trade, Industry and EAC Affairs is
looking into how it can increase to about five million dollars so that they can
tap the big exporters," he said.

According to Manzi, what many local entrepreneurs need to know is that with EGF
support, the interest rate would shrink from the standard commercial banks' rate
of 18 or 19 per cent, to 14 per cent.

"With a direct subsidy from government when they are working with BRD, it can
even go as down as 10 percent as long as you are investing in long term
financing and you are setting up infrastructure for export," Manzi added.

If an entrepreneur builds an industry that will increase products, and exports
as well as employ more people, "rather than looking for working capital," they
stand a good chance to benefit from the EGF.

The principle objectives of the facility, Manzi explained, are: to broaden the
range of financial services of Rwanda's formal finance sector; to facilitate
access of export-oriented SMEs (with a turnover ranging between 50,000 to $1
million) with growth potential to tailored export finance products and services;
and to provide access to finance at competitive prices for export-oriented SMEs.

The EGF also aims to improve knowledge of SMEs on export related finance through
technical assistance; and improve knowledge of finance institutions on
export-related financing instruments and related business appraisal.

The symposium, under the theme, "Strengthening Women Participation in EAC
Integration to Ensure Sustainable Socio-Economic Development," was held in
collaboration with institutions such as the National Women's Council.

It sought to mobilise associations of women in business and women in EAC cross
border trade to aggressively tap into opportunities provided by regional
integration. Under the EAC Treaty, partner states are obliged to enhance the
role of women in socio-economic development.

Women constitute over 60 per cent of the EAC population and 52 per cent in
Rwanda.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 21, 1984, Thursday, Final Edition

New Maryland Day-Care Fund Approves 1st Loan to Group

SECTION: Maryland Weekly; In Short; Md. 7

LENGTH: 119 words


Maryland's new Day Care Facilities Loan Guarantee Fund has approved its first
loan--$135,000 for a new facility in Baltimore County, state officials announced
recently.

Economic and Community Development Secretary Frank De Francis said White Marsh
Child Care Inc. plans to build a one-story, 2,400-square-foot building that will
provide care for 60 children. Construction on the new center in White Marsh, is
scheduled to begin in mid-June and be completed by this fall, De Francis said.

De Francis said Maryland's day-care loan fund is the first of its kind in the
nation. It was established by the 1983 General Assembly with funds raised by the
sale of $375,000 in state general obligation bonds.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 8, 2017

                       SHARPNESS COMMUNITY SWIMMING TRUST

                            SHARPNESS PRIMARY SCHOOL
                                    NEWTOWN
                                    BERKELEY
                               BERKELEY GL13 9NU


TRADE ADDRESS: Sharpness Primary School Newtown, BERKELEY GL13 9NU

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01453811220

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09473933

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 5, 2015
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Matthew Simon Thompson, None
     ·    David Aubrey Ashford, None
     ·    David Stephen Wiggall, None
     ·    James Hedley Collett, None
     ·    Lucy Biddle, None


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 16, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 5, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          14,148         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         -         -
Other Current Assets                          14,148         -         -
Total Current Assets                          14,148         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  14,148         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                400         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                        400         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                        400         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                400         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 13,748         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             13,748         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    13,748         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201  -  -
                           6
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales                -  -  -
Cost of Sales              -  -  -
Gross Profit               -  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit              -  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed      13,748  -  -
Net Worth             13,748  -  -
Working Capital       13,748  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        5
Year -1  -
=
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/03/201 --
                                                           6
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  - --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                - --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           - --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   35.37 --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     35.37 --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                       0.97 --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 13,748

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 11, 2012 Wednesday

Oakland's BrightSource Energy shelves IPO, announces it will pull S-1

BYLINE: By Dana Hull dhull@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Local; Business; High-Tech; Science and
Tech

LENGTH: 532 words


Solar thermal startup BrightSource Energy shelved its year-long plans for an
initial public offering late Wednesday amid a turbulent stock market, a
challenging year for solar energy companies and tepid interest from investors.

The Oakland-based company issued a press release shortly before 8 p.m. saying it
had decided not to pursue its IPO due to "adverse market conditions" and intends
to withdraw the S-1 currently on file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

"While we received significant interest from potential investors, the continued
market and economic volatility are not optimal conditions for an IPO," said CEO
John Woolard in a statement. "As a company, we've consistently made decisions in
the best interest of our shareholders, employees and customers, and we will
continue to do so. Fortunately, we're in a strong financial position and have
the support of world-class investors and partners."

BrightSource, which is backed by VantagePoint Venture Partners, first registered
with the SEC to begin its IPO process nearly a year ago, and its stock market
debut had been eagerly awaited in Silicon Valley and within the clean technology
community as a whole.

Rather than the photovoltaic solar panels visible on rooftops across California,
BrightSource builds massive solar thermal power projects in desert locations.
Along with competitors like Abengoa and SolarReserve, it is a leading player in
what's known as Concentrating Solar Power or "CSP." But CSP faces growing
competition from photovoltaic solar panels, which have drastically fallen in
priceand CSP companies are racing to cut costs. The country is also awash in
cheap natural gas, putting further pressure on renewable sources of energy.

BrightSource's pioneering solar thermal technology concentrates the sun's rays
with motor-driven, mirror-like "heliostats" and "power towers" that reflect heat
to boil water. The steam from the boiling water turns turbines that generate
electricity.

The company's flagship project is the massive 392-megawatt Ivanpah Solar
Electric Generating System currently under construction on federal land in
California's Mojave Desert. When completed in 2013, Ivanpah will be the largest
solar thermal power plant in the world, generating enough electricity for about
140,000 homes. The electricity will be sold to PG&E and Southern California
Edison.

BrightSource was awarded a $1.6 billion loan guarantee from the Department of
Energy, whose loan program came under fierce attack from House Republicans after
Fremont-basedSolyndra , which was awarded a $535 million loan guarantee, filed
for bankruptcy last year.

The guarantee attracted private investors to BrightSource, including NRG Solar,
which invested $300 million in the Ivanpah project.GoogleGOOG ) also invested
$168 million in the project.

Contact Dana Hull at 408-920-2706. Follow her at Twitter.com/danahull.

Brightsource EnergyHeadquarters: Oakland

CEO: John WoolardWhat they do: build massive solar thermal power plants using
Concentrating Solar Power technology, or CSP. Ivanpah, the company's flagship
project, is under construction in California's Mojave Desert and should begin
delivering electricity to the grid in 2013.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ivanpah Site Compliance Manager Douglas Davis talks to the media during
a tour of phase one of power tower #1 at the Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating
System (ISEGS) on Monday, August 29, 2011. Ivanpah is a 370-megawatt (gross)
solar thermal power facility developed by BrightSource Energy located on 3,600
acres of BLM-managed land in southeastern California, in the Mojave Dessert.
(Josie Lepe/San Jose Mercury News Staff)
Construction site of phase one of power tower #1 at the Ivanpah Solar Electric
Generating System (ISEGS) on Monday, August 29, 2011. Ivanpah is a 370-megawatt
(gross) solar thermal power facility developed by BrightSource Energy located on
3,600 acres of BLM-managed land in southeastern California, in the Mojave
Dessert. (Josie Lepe/San Jose Mercury News Staff)
Clark Mountain Range behind the Pylons set on ground at the construction site of
phase one of Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System (ISEGS). Ivanpah is a 370
megawatt (gross) solar thermal power facility developed by BrightSource Energy
located on 3,600 acres of U.S. BLM managed land in southeastern California, in
the Mojave Dessert, on Monday, August 29, 2011. (Josie Lepe/San Jose Mercury
News Staff) The company is using Low-impact design and technology enables them
to avoid sensitive habitat and allows for vegetation to coexist underneath and
around our mirrors. It also reduces the need for extensive land grading and the
need for concrete pads used by other technologies.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 12, 2017

                            PORTWAY COMMUNITY RUGBY

                                       44
                                  WIDNEY ROAD
                                     KNOWLE
                                SOLIHULL B93 9DY


TRADE ADDRESS: 44 Widney Road Knowle, SOLIHULL B93 9DY

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08800331

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 3, 2013
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Terence John Dickson, Solicitor
     ·    Mr Christopher Thomas Loughran, Management Consultant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 21, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 8, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  12,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201         -
                                                   5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201         -
                                                   5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201  -
                           5         4
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales                -         -  -
Cost of Sales              -         -  -
Gross Profit               -         -  -
Operating Profit           -         -  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          -         -  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit              -         -  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax           -         -  -
Dividends Payable          -         -  -
Retained Profits           -         -  -
Value Added                -         -  -
Capital Employed           0         0  -
Net Worth                  0         0  -
Working Capital            -         -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees             -         -  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      -      -
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      -      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  4
=        5
Year -1  3
=        0
Year -2  1
=        9
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/12/201 31/12/201 -
                                                           5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       -         - -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 -         - -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     -         - -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  -         - -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                -         - -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           -         - -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                       -         - -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                         -         - -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                          -         - -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          -         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     0         0 -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   0         0 -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            -         - -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    -         - -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -         - -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  0         0 -
Creditors / Debtors                                        -         - -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 8, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

D.C. Charter Schools Get Seed Money;
Sallie Mae Makes $28 Million Pledge

BYLINE: Sewell Chan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B01

LENGTH: 592 words


Sallie Mae, the student loan company, announced yesterday that it is awarding
$28 million to help charter schools in the District acquire or lease facilities
and expand their student enrollment.

The announcement is one of the largest financial commitments to date to help the
space-strapped charter schools, many of which are housed in overcrowded and
makeshift facilities. Last month, Mayor Anthony A. Williams (D) and Sen. Mary
Landrieu (D-La.), chairman of the Senate Appropriations subcommittee on the
District, kicked off CityBuild, a $12 million federally funded effort to create
or expand charter schools in selected neighborhoods.

The District's publicly funded charter schools, authorized by a 1995 federal
law, are generally free from the rules governing regular public schools.
Although there is little evidence that they have done a better job on the whole
than regular schools in raising student performance, charter schools are popular
with parents and have grown at a rapid pace.

According to Friends of Choice in Urban Schools, a D.C. group that promotes
charters, the city's charter schools have an enrollment of 14,007 students this
school year, an increase of more than 20 percent from last year. The group
reported that 18 percent of the District's public school students are enrolled
in charter schools. The figures are based on unaudited reports from individual
schools.

Sallie Mae's chief executive, Albert L. Lord, has been an outspoken proponent of
charters and has called for the company to help create 10,000 new slots in the
District's charter schools. "Unfortunately, many students lack the critical K-12
educational foundation," Lord said in a statement. "This is certainly true in
the District of Columbia. Charter schools provide the skills necessary for
students to enter college and succeed."

The Sallie Mae Fund, the Reston-based company's charitable arm, is providing the
$28 million to Building Hope, a nonprofit organization created by Sallie Mae in
November to provide D.C. charter schools with loan guarantees, low-interest
loans, grants for technical assistance and help in such areas as site selection
and lease and purchase negotiations. S. Joseph Bruno, president of Building
Hope, joined the organization after a career in health care and financial
services. Congress has appropriated $2 million to support Building Hope.

A Sallie Mae spokeswoman said the funding has been used to help four charter
schools create 700 slots for the new school year. The schools are the Cesar
Chavez Public Charter Schools for Public Policy, which has added 220 seats; the
Community Academy Public Charter School, which has added 300; the D.C.
Preparatory Academy, which has added 50; and the E. L. Haynes Public Charter
School, which recently opened with 130 students.

Building Hope selects schools to assist based on the leadership and experience
of their administrators, their financial integrity and their plans for
expansion, said Kathleen deLaski, a Sallie Mae spokeswoman.

Emily K. Lawson, the founder of the D.C. Preparatory Academy in Northeast, which
has 150 students in the fourth through sixth grades, said that $500,000 in loan
guarantees from Sallie Mae was a critical part of the school's $6.1 million
effort to buy and renovate a former warehouse as a permanent site.

"As a startup, it's very difficult to assemble the financing necessary to obtain
a permanent home," Lawson said. "Sallie Mae filled an important gap in our
financing plan that enabled us to renovate and move into this beautiful
building."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           September 18, 2006 Monday

ICCI URGES BANKS TO PROVIDE REFINANCE FACILITY TO RETAILERS

LENGTH: 198 words


Islamabad, Sept 18: The banks never provide loans without guarantee and tenant
retailers have nothing to avail this facility, so all the banks should provide
refinancing facility to retailers on the basis of goodwill and stock. Abdul Rauf
President Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry stated this in his address
at the occasion of a joint reception of NIB Bank and Union of Jinnah Super
Market. A good number of traders and industrialists were also present at this
occasion.

Ejaz Abbasi President Traders Welfare Association Jinnah Super Market said that
NIB Bank has pledged to provide refinancing facility to retailers and said that
on the recommendation from Union the bank will facilitate the retailer. He
informed that the bank would also participate in the development projects in the
market including installation of water coolers.

Jodat Nadeem Chief Manager of NIB Bank said that with the coordination of
business community the bank will step towards betterment in the better interest
of the traders and industrialists, he urged the business community to open their
accounts on immediate basis and informed that these types of offers would also
be introduced in to other markets.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                        Copyright 2006 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                           February 4, 2009 Wednesday

$50 Billion Program Agitates Enviros

BYLINE: Anna Palmer, ROLL CALL STAFF

SECTION: VESTED INTERESTS

LENGTH: 733 words


A proposed $50 billion energy technology loan guarantee in the Senate's stimulus
package has galvanized the environmental community, with more than 20 groups
joining together in a lobbying blitz to oppose the program.

The proposal, added by Senate Appropriations Committee member Bob Bennett
(R-Utah), would add $50 billion in loan guarantees in a program that would be
administered by the Department of Energy.

But, the groups contend, the "vast majority" of the loans would go to nuclear
power and liquid coal technologies.

The Center for American Progress Action Fund, Earthjustice, Greenpeace, the
Sierra Club, Public Citizen, Physicians for Social Responsibility and others
have lined up against the authorization, calling it a handout to the nuclear
industry.

In addition, they say, the loans will not stimulate the economy - the
legislation's main goal - because it takes several years for initial
construction of a nuclear power plant to begin.

Further, the environmentalists argue that the nuclear industry has a high loan
default rate that could turn into a "preemptive and unnecessary" bailout of the
industry, according to a letter they sent to Senators on Monday.

"We are at a time when the integrity of our financial system is being sorely
tested," the groups wrote. "A financial crisis is a particularly bad moment to
pile more risky obligations on the shoulders of taxpayers and the federal
budget."

Bennett, a nuclear power advocate, added the measure to the Senate bill last
week during an Appropriations Committee markup.

The House-passed version of the bill does not include the loan guarantee
program.

The environmental coalition is hoping to exploit the differences in the bills as
a way to get the provision removed. Beyond targeting the Senate, the group is
already looking toward the House-Senate conference of the bill.

"I think the real target has to be the Speaker," said Tyson Slocum, director of
Public Citizen's energy program. "She's been very skeptical of nuclear power. We
just need to make sure that she's going to have influence over the conference
process."

Grass-roots networks have been activated. Friends of the Earth had several
thousand activists sending messages to Capitol Hill on Tuesday. Additionally,
the environmentalists are producing TV ads to make the case against sticking a
nuclear bailout in the stimulus, according to FOE spokesman Nick Berning.

Taxpayer watchdogs are also joining the cause. Taxpayers for Common Sense called
for the provision to be removed in its own letter on Monday, calling it wasteful
spending that could jeopardize billions of taxpayer dollars.

"We have been down this road before," wrote Ryan Alexander, president of the
group. "During the late 1970s and early 1980s, DOE haphazardly issued loan
guarantees to jumpstart the synthetic fuels industry. It was a fiscal nightmare
and taxpayers ended up covering the bill."

While nuclear supporters are happy with the provision, industry lobbyists take
exception to the characterization that the loan guarantee program is solely for
the industry's benefit.

"It doesn't inure specific benefits to the nuclear industry. It's for the entire
clean energy program," said Derrick Freeman, a former aide to Sen. Mark Pryor
(D-Ark.) who is now at the Nuclear Energy Institute.

"The initial allocation for nuclear in particular was $18.5 billion for new
reactors. Any expansion from where it was is a boon for clean energy technology,
nuclear being the cleanest," Freeman added.

The nuclear industry has applications in to the Department of Energy for more
than $120 billion in loan guarantees to build 21 new nuclear reactors, but the
department has the authority to guarantee only $18.5 billion in loans for new
nuclear generation. This increase in funding would allow the industry to begin
to meet its goal.

This isn't the first time that expanding the loan guarantee program has come up.
The program was created as part of the 2005 energy act to distribute loan
guarantees to innovative energy technologies, including new nuclear facilities.

In 2007, a similar provision supported by then-Sen. Pete Domenici (R-N.M.) was
stripped from the energy bill.

Nuclear opponents rebut the NEI's claim that the provision isn't directly linked
to the nuclear industry.

"They got the language in there and now they are too embarrassed to say they
want it," said Michele Boyd of Physicians for Social Responsibility.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Roll Call, Inc.


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 27, 2017

                    Eastern Iowa Light and Power Cooperative

                             600 East Fifth Street
                                  Wilton 52778
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding to Improve Nearly 350 Miles of Electric Lines in Eastern
Iowa

   Jul 17, 2015

   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack visited Eastern Iowa Light & Power
Cooperative's headquarters in Wilton, Iowa, to announce a $44 million U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) electric loan that will help improve nearly 350
miles of electric distribution lines throughout eastern Iowa.The $44 million
loan to Eastern Iowa Light & Power Cooperative is the largest electric
distribution loan ever issued by USDA's Rural Utilities Services in Iowa. It
will assist the electric cooperative with implementing its four-year
construction and system-improvement plan.The loan includes $580,000 in
smart-grid technology and other improvements such as the installation of
automated substation re-closers, or large circuit breakers that can be
controlled remotely to turn off power during storms, new advanced metering
infrastructure for system users and 60 new substation control buildings to
protect the new equipment and technologies. More than $5.3 million of the loan
will be used to improve electric lines that were damaged during historic ice
storms impacting eastern Iowa from 2007 to 2009. The Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) assisted Eastern Iowa Light & Power Cooperative with
the recovery and restoration of electric services immediately following the
storms. The cooperative is using USDA's electric loan program to complete
additional upgrades to electric lines to help protect them against future storm
damages. "Eighty years ago, USDA took on the challenge of bringing power to
rural America and it helped make this the greatest, most productive country on
Earth," said Vilsack. "Today we are continuing that commitment by investing in
the next generation of power transmission - smart grid technology - to make our
electric system more reliable, efficient and effective. Upgrading the electric
grid will not only improve reliability and better manage costs, but it will also
bring jobs and increased economic opportunities, helping to build a sustainable
and dynamic future for communities in Eastern Iowa." Eastern Iowa Light and
Power Cooperative provides power to nearly 19,000 homes, farms and businesses in
Cedar, Clinton, Louisa, Muscatine and Scott Counties, as well as portions of Des
Moines, Henry, Jackson, Johnson, Jones, Linn and Washington Counties. The
funding is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Electric Program,
which makes insured loans and loan guarantees to non-profit and cooperative
associations, public bodies and other utilities. The loans primarily finance the
construction of electric distribution facilities in rural areas. Smart grid
increases the reliability of electric power by helping utilities better manage
the electric grid to improve operational efficiencies. It includes metering,
substation automation, computer applications, two-way communications, geospatial
information systems, and other system improvements. USDA has been committed to
improving production and transmission of electricity for rural America since the
creation of the Rural Electrification Administration in 1935. In 2014 alone,
USDA's Rural Utilities Service awarded $2.7 billion in electric loans. These
loans helped 4.6 million rural residents receive improved electric service.
Since 2009, nearly $31 billion in USDA electric loans have helped improve and
modernize rural electric infrastructure that serves more than 8.6 million rural
residents and businesses including168,000 miles of electric transmission and
distribution lines across the nation, and 9,348 miles in Iowa. In addition, USDA
has made strategic investments in renewable energy, smart grid technology and
air quality improvement technologies. For an idea of the scale of these
investments, consider this: The 350 miles of repaired line in eastern Iowa
announced today would more than stretch from one end of Iowa to the other and
the more than nine thousand miles of line that USDA has invested in since 2009
would encircle the state more than nine times. President Obama's plan for rural
America has brought about historic investment and resulted in stronger rural
communities. Under the President's leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                          September 24, 2011 Saturday

SBP to make banking services accessible to all: Qasim

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXII No. 319

LENGTH: 455  words


The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) is committed to use all possible means to make
the banking services accessible to all segments of the society. This was stated
by Managing Director of SBP Banking Services Corporation Qasim Nawaz while
inaugurating a two-day Banking Exhibition in Gujranwala on Friday, according to
a SBP statement released here.

Qasim Nawaz highlighted various initiatives taken or being taken by the State
Bank to facilitate the underserved sectors of the economy in the field of
agriculture, SME (small and medium enterprises) and microfinance which include
ongoing review of policy and regulatory environment to promote SME, agriculture
and micro finance as a viable and mainstream business activity for banking
industry.

In addition, the Central Bank is also undertaking review of existing Prudential
Regulations for SME Financing to develop separate Small Enterprises & Medium
Enterprises. When implemented, this exercise will facilitate small enterprises'
access to bank credit and consequently raise their share in bank loans, he
added.

There is also a move to introduce Credit Guarantee Scheme for Small & Rural
Enterprises (CGS) to share credit risk with banks (upto 40%) with the objective
of increasing banks lending in neglected sectors/ areas. Around 2,000 accounts
have been issued guarantee under CGS. Rs 925 million have been disbursed to
small and rural enterprises under CGS and SBP shares risk worth Rs. 392.5
million with commercial banks for their lending to this sector, he maintained.

Qasim Nawaz said that introduction of Microfinance Credit Guarantee Facility was
also under study for resolving liquidity problems for Microfinance
Banks/Microfinance Institutions. Ten MFBs/MFIs have been provided funding
facilities worth Rs. 2.8 billion under the scheme by banks. SBP BSC has provided
guarantee cover of Rs. 805 million for the lending by commercial banks to
MFB/MFIs.

Moreover, crash training programme will be conducted for the SME and agricutlure
credit officers of banks. Special capacity building programmes for MFBs/MFIs and
Islamic banks are also in the pipeline.

The finance institutions will also be given access to electronic Credit
Information Bureau (CIB) MFIs to assess the credit worthiness and to avoid over
indebtedness of small borrowers, the MD added.

He said linkages will be establlished with all the key stakeholders both at
country level as well as the district/region level to adopt a collaborative
strategy to help facilitate the entrepreneurs and rural communities in accessing
financial services from banks. He was hopeful that the Banking Exhibition at
Gujranwala would go a long way in improving access to finance to the lower
segment of the borrowers of the region.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday

Microfinance facility opened for government employees

BYLINE: Josefa L. Cagoco

SECTION: Pg. S1/6

LENGTH: 300 words


President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo opened a microfinancing window for state
workers yesterday under a lending program for small-scale enterprises.

During the launch of the "Puhunang Pangnegosyo Para sa Kawani ng Gobyerno" at
the Philippine Trade Training Center, Ms. Arroyo said in her remarks that she
has fulfilled a promise she made in March to give the one million-strong state
work force "a second livelihood." "Livelihood is our aspiration in order to
bolster the security and dignity of each Filipino... And you government workers
can serve as example and inspiration to aspiring entrepreneurs," she said in her
speech.

Cerge M. Remonde, Presidential Management Staff director general and oversight
official for micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs), said the lending
program will be administered by the People's Credit and Finance Corp. "[It is]
part of the P34 billion earmarked for MSME programs this year," he said in a
mobile "text" message.

Government financial institutions will provide wholesale loans to government
employee cooperatives and associations which in turn will retail the funds to
their members.

Aside from the PCFC, also involved are the Development Bank of the Philippines,
the Land Bank of the Philippines, Quedan and Rural Credit Guarantee Corp.,
National Livelihood Support Fund, and Small Business Guarantee Finance Corp.

Collateral-free livelihood loans - ranging from P5,000 to P150,000 - will be
made available for repayment in three months to two years, and imposed with
Quedancor-level interest rates of about 24% per annum. Loans are practically
guaranteed since payment could be withheld from an employee's salary.

"It is not a dole out. It is meant for you to pay back with market interest so
that there is dignity in your second livelihood," said Ms. Arroyo.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 12, 2017

                    EBBW VALE COMMUNITY AMATEUR SPORTS CLUB

                              COMMERCIAL CHAMBERS
                                  HIGH STREET
                                  ABERTILLERY
                              ABERTILLERY NP13 1YB


TRADE ADDRESS: Commercial Chambers High Street, ABERTILLERY NP13 1YB

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09000531

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 16, 2014
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Kevan Leslie Lines, Solicitor
     ·    Paul Richard Morgan, Analyst
     ·    Andrew James Phillips, Deputy Headteacher
     ·    Jeffrey Palmer, Retired


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    AlanGall


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110
93120

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 30, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 16, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  7,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       -         -         -
Other Current Assets                               -         -         -
Total Current Assets                               -         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201 30/04/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201 30/04/201  -
                           6         5
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales                -         -  -
Cost of Sales              -         -  -
Gross Profit               -         -  -
Operating Profit           -         -  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          -         -  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit              -         -  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax           -         -  -
Dividends Payable          -         -  -
Retained Profits           -         -  -
Value Added                -         -  -
Capital Employed           0         0  -
Net Worth                  0         0  -
Working Capital            -         -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees             -         -  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            0      -      -
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      -      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 17,091 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
85320 Social work activities without accommodation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -7.33     1.82    18.11
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.88     1.25    14.58
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -6.01     1.34    11.07
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               62.5   143.75   262.75
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        10.2        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.63     4.76
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,349.0 23,238.6 31,623.2
                                                          6        4        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    13,600 19,249.2 25,290.1
                                                                   2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  22,511.0   34,000   56,000
                                                          4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                     68    55.68    37.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        0
Year -1  -
=
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    0/04/201 30/04/201 -
                                                           6         5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       -         - -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 -         - -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     -         - -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  -         - -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                -         - -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           -         - -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                       -         - -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                         -         - -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                          -         - -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          -         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     0         0 -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   0         0 -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            -         - -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    -         - -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -         - -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  0         0 -
Creditors / Debtors                                        -         - -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               September 16, 2016

                          5IVES COMMUNITY SPORTS CLUB

                             KENDRAY PLAYING FIELDS
                                HUNNINGLEY LANE
                                 BURNSALL GROVE
                                BARNSLEY S70 3JR


TRADE ADDRESS: Kendray Playing Fields Hunningley Lane, BARNSLEY S70 3JR

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09164144

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 6, 2014
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Ross Logan, Active Schools Co-ordinator
     ·    Mr Ronald Kilpatrick, Retired
     ·    Mr Russell Kerr Henry, Retired


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 5, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 6, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201         -         -
                                                   5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                             59,000         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            59,000         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             805         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  19,025         -         -
Other Current Assets                          19,830         -         -
Total Current Assets                          19,830         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  78,830         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201         -         -
                                                   5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              7,043         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      7,043         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                   77,884         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      7,043         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                   77,884         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             84,927         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  -6097         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              -6097         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    71,787         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/201  -  -
                           5
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales                -  -  -
Cost of Sales              -  -  -
Gross Profit               -  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit              -  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed      71,787  -  -
Net Worth             -65097  -  -
Working Capital       12,787  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        9
Year -1  1
=        1
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/08/201 --
                                                           5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  - --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                - --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           - --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    2.82 --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      2.82 --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -0.08 --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 71,787

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 1, 1983 Saturday

Eximbank

BYLINE: DJ

LENGTH: 247 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


WASHINGTON  (DJ) - The board of the Export-Import Bank, meeting on the
 last day of the fiscal year, has approved the establishment of special
 export credit insurance and guarantee facilities totalling $1.5-billion
 (U.S.) for Brazil and $500-million for Mexico.

The Brazilian facility is part of an $11-billion financial package
 being put together by major governments and about 800 commercial banks to
 plug gaps in the country's balance of payments through the end of 1984.

Both facilities are available through Sept. 30, 1984, the Eximbank
 said.

Use of the facilities is contingent upon both countries remaining in
 compliance with the terms of an International Monetary Fund adjustment
 program, upon commercial banks agreeing to make available additional loans
 to Brazil and Mexico, and upon other major governments setting up similar
 facilities, roughly in proportion to their share of the total trade
 involved.

In the case of Mexico alone, use of the facility is also contingent
 upon the signing of certain bilateral and implementing agreements
 connected with that country's debt rescheduling agreement reached last
 June 22.

According to the U.S. Treasury Department, the facilities are designed
 to provide a secure source of financing for U.S. exporters and Brazilian
 and Mexican importers. In addition, the Treasury said, their magnitude
 will help restore the confidence of the international financial community,
 promoting additional commercial bank lending to the countries concerned.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                 EAST AYRSHIRE COALFIELD COMMUNITIES FEDERATION

                            17 THISTLE BUSINESS PARK
                                    AYR ROAD
                                    CUMNOCK
                                CUMNOCK KA18 1EQ


TRADE ADDRESS: Unit 17 Thistle Business Park Ayr Road, CUMNOCK KA18 1EQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01290429088
URL: www.coalfieldcommunities.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC226265

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 13, 2001
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                         Turnove
No.                                                        r
SC226547        COALFIELD COMMUNITY TRANSPORT        559,210
                LIMITED
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -
-               -                                          -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr James Smith Brown, Retired
     ·    Mr William Crawford, Day Centre Officer
     ·    Mr Brian Joseph Broadley, Retired
     ·    Mr John Dalziel Smith, Retired
     ·    Mr James Wallace Wallace, Retired
     ·    Mr Alan Shannon, Self Employed
     ·    Mr Andrew Hugh Harrow, Credit Manager
     ·    Mr James Paton Robertson Kleboe, Facilities Assistant
     ·    Mr William Lees, Retired


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrJames Paton RobertsonKleboe


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other information service activities n.e.c.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
63990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 13, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  GUARANTEE

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                1,628     4,060     6,498
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             1,628     4,060     6,498
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          38,227    44,857    50,950
Miscellaneous Current Assets                     221       475       799
Other Current Assets                          38,448    45,332    51,749
Total Current Assets                          38,448    45,332    51,749
Fixed Assets                                   1,528     3,960     6,398
Intermediate Assets                              100       100       100
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  40,076    49,392    58,247



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              3,180     3,790    12,770
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                         100       100       100
Due To Group, Current                            100       100       100
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      3,080     3,690    12,670
Short Term Loans                                 100       100       100
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      3,180     3,790    12,770
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              3,180     3,790    12,770
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 36,896    45,602    45,477
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             36,896    45,602    45,477
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    36,896    45,602    45,477


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                2    54,108    43,460
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit               2    54,108    43,460
Operating Profit       -8706       125     1,742
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          -8706       125     1,742
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax       -8706       125     1,742
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits       -8706       125     1,742
Value Added            -6274    22,734    23,107
Capital Employed      36,896    45,602    45,477
Net Worth             36,896    45,602    45,477
Working Capital       35,268    41,542    38,979
Emp. Renumeration          -    20,171    18,078
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees             1,200     1,200         0
Non-audit Fees             -       750       750
Depreciation           2,432     2,438     3,287
Number of                  -         1         1
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                -100   -100   -100
Pretax             -7064. -599.7 -138.0
                        8      7      9
Total Assets       -18.86  -31.2 -10.71
Current Assets     -15.19  -25.7   -5.7
Current            -16.09  -75.1 176.52
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -19.09 -18.87 -15.64
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,334 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
91110 Activities of business and employers
organisations



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -3.03     3.45    17.39
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -2.1     1.81     7.66
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -1.89     1.78      7.6
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              66.59   125.16   205.49
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       52.81    15.92        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.79     3.72
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            26,360.4 40,372.4 60,819.7
                                                          7        9        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  19,684.2 31,020.4 43,972.2
                                                          1        1        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  44,064.9 89,532.4  141,175
                                                          6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.87    38.53    25.08



CREDIT RATING
Year  0   5
=
Year -1  97
=
Year -2  97
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -23.6      0.27      3.83
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -21.72      0.25      2.99
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -23.6      0.27      3.83
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                        -435300      0.23      4.01
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               0    109.55     74.61
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               0     13.66      6.79
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                     1,763,40     76.78     89.69
                                                       0
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               12.09     11.96      4.05
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 12.09     11.96      4.05
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          0.27      0.22      0.22
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.92      0.92      0.78
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -    20,171    18,078
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -     37.28      41.6
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -       125     1,742
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -    54,108    43,460
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -    45,602    45,477
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -     3,960     6,398
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -    49,392    58,247
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   138.76      0.55      7.54
Value Added / Sales (%)                          -313700     42.02     53.17
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -    22,734    23,107
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -      1.13      1.28
Sales / Audit Fees                                     0     45.09         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                           33.4     41.16         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           0         0         0
Total Debt / Total Assets                              0         0         0

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 36,896

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: JRD LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       The Oskaloosa Independent (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 14, 2013

USDA Rural Development highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural
Kansas Communities

BYLINE: The Oskaloosa Independent staff

LENGTH: 532  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Patty Clark last week issued a report
highlighting USDA Rural Development's fiscal year 2012 investments in job
creation, businesses, infrastructure and housing for Kan-sans living in rural
communities.

In fiscal year 2012, rural communities throughout Kansas received more than $475
million in financial assistance to finance homeowner-ship, replace aging water
and sewer systems, stimulate business growth and job creation and to enhance
access to healthcare for rural residents as well as expand broadband access.

"USDA Rural Development strives to improve the quality of life for Kansans by
investing in the future of rural Kansas communities," said USDA Rural
Development State Director Patty Clark. "Financing from the federal government
provides rural residents and rural communities with the basic needs of
infrastructure, employment, healthcare and housing."

Through its Community Facilities loan and grant program, Rural Development
provided more than $26 million in financing to communities for purchasing storm
sirens, equipment for electronic medical records, patrol cars, new heating and
cooling units, as well as building and renovating hospitals, nursing homes, and
daycare centers. Ninety percent of the Community Facilities program funding was
for improving rural healthcare centers in the state.

More than 45, 000 rural Kansans in 28 communities were assisted through the
agency's Water and Environmental Program, which provides clean drinking water
and safe, sanitary wastewater disposal. The agency provided $58 million in
financing to communities for installing nearly 300 miles of water and wastewater
lines in rural Kansas, as well as making other water and wastewater system
improvements.

In 2012, Rural Development helped 1, 922 Kansas families purchase safe,
affordable homes by providing $201 million in financing. More than 100 rural
Kansans were provided loans and grants to repair or make accessibility
modifications in order to remain in their own homes.

Through Rural Development's business and cooperative loan, grant and technical
assistance programs, the agency helped 127 rural small business owners improve
their enterprises in 2012. Business and cooperative program funding created or
saved approximately 1, 000 rural Kansas jobs in 2012. Rural Development provided
nearly $35 million to assist rural businesses create ongoing economic
opportunities in rural Kansas that will pay benefits for years to come.

During 2012, Rural Development provided $107 million to eight electric
cooperatives to improve efficiency and modernize rural electric generation and
transmission systems. Nearly $30 million was invested in telecommunication
projects to help expand access to high-speed broadband in rural Kansas.

Additional information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling 785-271-2700.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has an active portfolio of
more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OSK

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Oskaloosa Independent


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                        ICD Research - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 27, 2013

                   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation

                         1133 Twenty-First Street, N.W.
                                Washington 20036
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


COMPANY OVERVIEW

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation serves as a secondary market in
agricultural loans such as mortgages for agricultural real estate and rural
housing. Its secondary market offers liquidity and lending capacity to lenders;
offers mortgage loans, rural housing mortgage loans, rural utilities loans and
the guaranteed portions of agricultural and rural development loans. It
purchases loans from agricultural lenders, and sells instruments backed by those
loans. The company also purchases portfolios of newly originated and seasoned
loans, mortgage loans secured by first liens on agricultural real estate, and
fixed- and adjustable rate loans. The company is headquartered in Washington,
the US.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

   The Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (Farmer Mac) is a
stockholder-owned and publicly-traded company in the US. Farmer Mac was
established to create secondary market with an aim to provide agricultural real
estate, rural housing mortgage loans and to increase the accessibility of
long-term credit at stable interest rates. It principally serves America's
farmers, ranchers, rural homeowners, businesses and communities. Farmer Mac
employs 53 employees.

   Farmer Mac carries out its secondary market business activities through three
programs namely, Farmer Mac I, Farmer Mac II, and Rural Utilities Loans.

   Under the Farmer Mac I program, the company is principally engaged in buying
agricultural mortgage loans or securities backed by eligible agricultural
mortgage loans. The program serves agricultural and rural residential lenders,
including commercial banks, Farm Credit System institutions, credit unions,
insurance companies and mortgage bankers. Farmer Mac will purchase qualified
loans directly from that lender through the Cash Window, where the sellers
obtain loan credit approvals, lock-in interest rates and deliver the loans
within the rate lock period. To be eligible for the Farmer Mac I program, loans
must meet Farmer Mac's credit underwriting, collateral valuation, documentation
and other specified standards. It offers Farmer Mac Farm and Ranch loans on
monthly, semi-annual or annual payments and with the choices including variable,
adjustable, and fixed rates up to 20 years. The Farmer Mac I Farm and Ranch
products include, Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARMs) , Variable Rate Mortgages
(VRMs), Fixed Rate Mortgages and Real Estate Revolving Line-of-Credit.

   Through the Farmer Mac II program, Farmer Mac purchases the portions of loans
guaranteed by the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) and guarantees securities
backed by those USDA-guaranteed portions (Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities).
Under this program interested lenders sell the guaranteed portions of USDA loans
directly to Farmer Mac. Its various eligible loans include, Farm Service
Agency's Farm Ownership, Farm Operating guaranteed loans and the Rural
Development's Business & Industry and Community Facility guaranteed loans. It
offers loan products on annual, semi-annual, quarterly and monthly basis with
the choices including variable, adjustable and fixed rates. In addition, the
company offers Farmer Mac II Guaranteed Securities to lenders in swap
transactions or to other investors for cash. The loans eligible for the Farmer
Mac secondary market include: mortgage loans secured by first liens on
agricultural real estate and rural housing; certain agricultural and rural loans
guaranteed by the USDA and loans to finance electrification and
telecommunications systems in rural areas.

   Under the Rural Utilities program, Farmer Mac is engaged in purchasing
qualified rural utilities loans, or guarantees the timely payment of interest
and principal of securities representing interests in or obligations backed by
pools of such loans.

   The company undertakes ABA/Farmer Mac Alliance program through this program
ABA members have a streamlined approval process for becoming a Farmer Mac
"Seller" and preferred pricing for selected Farmer Mac products. This includes
programs such as Whole Loan Purchase Program, USDA Guarantee Purchase Program.

   Farmer Mac Farm and Ranch ICBA Rates is also one of the programs undertaken
by the Farmer Mac under which they provide farm and ranch loan products.

   The company also provides loan documentation services.

   Recently, Farmer Mac entered into an agreement with Morgan Keegan & Company
under which Morgan Keegan will begin marketing Farmer Mac programs designed
specifically for Morgan Keegan's commercial banking clients that hold
agricultural mortgage loans in their portfolios.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario)

                           February 22, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Forestry sector must leave paper to survive: Ramsay

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 579  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Natural Resources Minister David Ramsay has a novel idea to try to revive
Ontario's struggling forestry industry: start getting out of the papermaking
business.

The industry faces a perfect storm of problems -- weak order numbers, high
production and energy costs -- and the world is entering an electronic age in
which paper won't be as sought after as it is today, Ramsay said yesterday.

"There's less demand for paper products -- starting with newsprint, and even
some of the business papers as people record their data more electronically --
and so that means the industry is going to have to adapt,'' he said.

One promising product is a resin made partly from wood waste, which can be used
for production in the auto industry, and is already in the works, Ramsay said.

"That product will be sold to a major parts manufacturer, and that parts
manufacturer will create a component for North American automobiles out of that
material,'' Ramsay said. "So that will be the beginning of what we see, a
transition of forestry moving toward a little more of a chemical-based
industry.''

Ramsay's comments came one day after Abitibi-Consolidated Inc. (TSX:A) announced
the closure of a paper mill in Thunder Bay, Ont., which will result in 353 lost
jobs.

It was another one of dozens of mill closures that have hit the province over
the last few years and after laying off more than 5,000 workers, the industry is
still showing no signs of recovery.

Even the province's $1-billion forest prosperity program, which gives incentives
to the private sector for investment, hasn't been enough to prop up the
multi-billion dollar industry, which employs around 80,000 workers, Ramsay said.

But a spokesperson for the Energy and Paperworkers Union of Canada said the aid
package hasn't been helpful to the industry and while Ramsay has a point about
innovation, the government needs to do more.

"There is some validity in (Ramsay's comments), but that's not the automatic
solution,'' said spokesperson Cecil Makowski.

"(The government's aid package) is an exercise in public relations, really.
One-third of that billion dollars is in loan guarantees -- loan guarantees to an
industry that can't pay its debts now. That's like saying once you get your Visa
maxed out, here's a MasterCard.''

The rest of the funding isn't enough to divvy up between all the businesses that
are in trouble in Ontario, Makowski said.

"You have scores of forest-products facilities that are being impacted. This
isn't a situation where you have one or two or three major manufacturing
facilities like in the auto industry, there's 40-plus communities in northern
Ontario that are reliant on forestry mills.''

Forestry companies are adding -- not cutting -- investments in other provinces
and U.S. states and it's Ontario's policies that are killing business here, said
New Democrat Leader Howard Hampton, who has asked that the legislature be
recalled to address the sector's woes.

"It's not as if this is a dying industry; these companies are making hundreds of
millions of dollars of investments in some places,'' Hampton said.

The province also needs to reduce energy costs for lumber mills in northern
Ontario, he added.

"These mills are surrounded by hydro dams that are generating electricity for a
cost of one to 1.5 cents a kilowatt hour, so . . . the mills and operations in
our part of the province should have an industrial hydro rate that reflects that
fact, not (the current) six or seven cents a kilowatt hour.''

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               November 23, 2016

                              NORTH EDINBURGH ARTS

                          NORTH EDINBURGH ARTS CENTRE
                              15A PENNYWELL COURT
                                   EDINBURGH
                               EDINBURGH EH4 4TZ


TRADE ADDRESS: 15a Pennywell Court, EDINBURGH EH4 4TZ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01313152151
FAX: 0131-332-2521
URL: www.northedinburgharts.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC184477

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 27, 1998
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 13

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Bruce William Whitehead, Self Employed
     ·    Councillor Lesley Adelaide Hinds, Councillor
     ·    Mr James Roy Douglas, Centre Manager
     ·    Valerie Morag Munro, Freelance Development Worker
     ·    Mrs Pauline Rosalind Lindsay, Hr Consultant
     ·    Ms Joanne Stewart, Youth Worker
     ·    Ms Mary Keegan, Community Worker
     ·    Ms Deirdre Rosemary Mcpherson, Marketing Consultant
     ·    Ms Gillian Findlay, Project Manager
     ·    Mrs Louise Ann Downing, Project Manager
     ·    Mr Bethan Fabian Onuonga, Accountant


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    KateWimpress


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 801105 Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 9, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 26, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  GUARANTEE

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              396,690   425,761   456,748
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           396,690   425,761   456,748
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          89,168   111,514    32,302
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  19,146    19,298    10,922
Other Current Assets                         108,314   130,812    43,224
Total Current Assets                         108,314   130,812    43,224
Fixed Assets                                 396,690   425,761   456,748
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 505,004   556,573   499,972



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                     10,934     8,971    16,756
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             10,823    10,426    10,447
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     10,823    10,426    10,447
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     21,757    19,397    27,203
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             21,757    19,397    27,203
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                483,247   537,176   472,769
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            483,247   537,176   472,769
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   483,247   537,176   472,769


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          467,763   582,966   408,323
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit         467,763   582,966   408,323
Operating Profit      -53929    64,407    11,884
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         -53929    64,407    11,884
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      -53929    64,407    11,884
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits      -53929    64,407    11,884
Value Added          179,491   254,472   181,087
Capital Employed     483,247   537,176   472,769
Net Worth            483,247   537,176   472,769
Working Capital       86,557   111,415    16,021
Emp. Renumeration    204,349   159,078   138,676
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees             4,280     4,680     4,600
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation          29,071    30,987    30,527
Number of                 13        10         9
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities            -22346    79,212    27,865
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And             -         -         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                     -22346    79,212     7,743
Net Cashflow From Financing                            -         -         -
Increase In Cash                                  -22346    79,212     7,743

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales              -19.76  14.56  38.43
Pretax             -183.7 -553.8  99.04
                        3
Total Assets        -9.27   1.01   0.95
Current Assets      -17.2 150.59 227.04
Current             12.17 -20.02 -44.76
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -10.04   2.22   4.85
Employee Wages      28.46  47.36  77.41
Number of              30  44.44  85.71
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=
Year -1  5
=
Year -2  5
=
Year -3  8
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -11.16     11.99      2.51
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -10.68     11.57      2.38
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            -11.16     11.99      2.51
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -11.53     11.05      2.91
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           92.63    104.74     81.67
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            1.18      1.37      0.89
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         18.5     19.11      3.92
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                4.98      6.74      1.59
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  4.98      6.74      1.59
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.96      0.97      0.95
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     15,719.1  15,907.8 15,408.44
(GBP)                                                  5
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  43.69     27.29     33.96
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -4148.38   6,440.7  1,320.44
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               35,981.7  58,296.6 45,369.22
                                                       7
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          37,172.8  53,717.6 52,529.89
                                                       5
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        30,514.6  42,576.1 50,749.78
                                                       2
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        38,846.4  55,657.3 55,552.44
                                                       6
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -30.05     25.31      6.56
Value Added / Sales (%)                            38.37     43.65     44.35
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)           13,807  25,447.2 20,120.78
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 0.88       1.6      1.31
Sales / Audit Fees                                109.29    124.57     88.77
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         117.99    118.93    108.69
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 483,247

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Whitelaw Wells

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 10, 2012 Tuesday

Council may offer loan for hotel

BYLINE: Ryan McGaughey, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 928 words


July 10--WORTHINGTON -- A bridge loan that would keep construction of a hotel
adjacent to the long-planned Events Center moving forward will be further
considered by the Worthington City Council following its Monday meeting.

A public hearing on the potential offering of a bridge loan of up to $400,000 --
at an interest rate of 7 percent over three years -- will take place during the
council's July 23 meeting. The public meeting on the matter is required by the
state's business subsidy laws.

Council members discussed the possibility for a loan for approximately 20
minutes with Lighthouse Hospitality Group President Don Klain.

Lexington Hotel Development, which plans to construct a 75-room Comfort Suites
Hotel next to the Events Center, is a Lighthouse division.

Brad Chapulis, the city's director of community/economic development, framed the
discussions by telling council members that Lexington is aiming to sell 28
investment shares at $50,000 each -- for a total of $1.4 million -- to reach a
total equity of $2,379,177 required to obtain permanent financing for the hotel.

Sales of the shares began in April, but Chapulis said the company hasn't been as
successful as it had hoped.

"The company has sold 13 shares and nine are in the works ... for a total equity
sold or to be sold of $1.1 million," Chapilis said. "The company is asking for
up to $400,000 in shortfall through the purchase of shares or a bridge loan ...
to avoid a delay in the project."

Since city staff highly recommended the share-purchasing option not be
considered, discussion quickly shifted to a bridge loan and how it might be set
up.

A bridge loan, Chapulis explained in a department memo to council members,
"would be required to be deferred and subordinate lien position in order for the
loan to be considered equity by the lead lenders. Though deferred, the loan
would bear interest for the term of the loan. ... The loan would allow Lexington
to continue to sell the remaining shares without delaying the start of the
project. The monies collected from sold shares would be pledged to pay off the
city loan."

Lexington would be required to make a balloon payment for the balance of the
loan at the end of the loan term. As the loan would be in a subordinate position
to the primary lenders on the real estate, personal guarantees from all the
principal owners of Lexington are necessary.

The company had originally suggested loan terms of 6 percent interest over five
years, but Klain quickly showed a willingness to be flexible.

"Our intention is to get these shares sold as soon as possible," he said in
response to a question from Councilman Mike Kuhle as to the certainty of the
city's bridge loan being paid back.

"Money may not even change hands," Councilman Mike Woll added. "This is just a
guarantee."

Klain said the sales of the hotel shares had been gaining momentum recently and
expressed confidence they would be completed within the next several months. He
added the sales of the shares locally had originally been slow, but have
improved.

"From an outsider's standpoint, if there's not local participation, the question
comes in their mind, 'Why would I invest in Worthington, Minnesota, if people in
Worthington don't want to?'" he said.

Each of the council members expressed a desire to keep the hotel project moving
forward, though Kuhle did express one other concern about the city's offering
the bridge loan.

"I just wonder if we're starting to step over the line when we're starting to
get into competition with other hotels in town," Kuhle said. "I'm struggling
with that one."

Councilman Ron Wood forecast that completion of the hotel next to the Events
Center would translate into greater occupancy rates for motels and hotels
throughout the city.

"It's just an industry pattern you would see out there," he said.

In other business, the council:

--Approved an agreement with Hoisington, Koegler Group Inc. (HKGI), Minneapolis,
to develop a detailed evaluation of existing recreation and athletic facilities
and, among other duties, prepare a draft of a Recreation Facility Master Plan.
The final negotiated cost for the services to be provided is $35,000.

--Approved the final plat for Central Square Addition, which is proposed to be a
two-lot planned unit development on approximately 2.4 acres on the former site
of Central Elementary.

--Approved an agreement with the International Union of Operating Engineers
(IUOE) Local #49 for the years 2012-2014. Negotiations included a mediation
session on May 25.

--Authorized the execution of a Safe and Sober Agreement that allows Worthington
Director of Public Safety Mike Cumiskey to execute an agreement with the
Minnesota Institute of Public Health that awards the Worthington Police
Department up to $1,920 through an Alcohol Compliance Check grant.

--Approved a resolution authorizing Worthington's membership in a Joint Powers
Agreement that would involve the city in a partnership for shared logging of
radio transmissions with Nobles, Lyon, Murray, Pipestone, Redwood and Yellow
Medicine County.

"It is in our best interest to be a member on the Southwest Minnesota Regional
Public Safety Board," Cumiskey wrote in a department memo. "This will allow us
to have some control in our regional communication logging interests. No one
knows our interest/needs better than us; having representation at this level may
prove advantageous in future regional cost-sharing endeavors."

___ (c)2012 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120710-QG-Council-may-offer-loan-for-hotel-0710-20120710

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2012 The Daily Globe


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                                 March 27, 2017

                              Echelon Int'l Corp.

                        Suite 200, 450 Carillon Parkway
                           St. Petersburg,  FL 33716
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-727-8038200
FAX: 1-727-8246750

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: EIN
CUSIP: 278747100
IRS No.: 592554218
CIK: 0001023275
ISIN: US2787471000
Reuters Instrument Code: EIN.N^C02
Display RIC: EIN.N

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Inactive
EMPLOYEES: 138

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Echelon International Corporation (Echelon) is a real estate company that
develops, owns, and manages commercial and multi-family residential real estate
(the Real Estate Business). The Real Estate Business includes two segments:
Commercial Real Estate and Multi-Family Residential Real Estate. The Company
also owns and manages a portfolio of financial assets consisting primarily of
leased aircraft and other assets and collateralized financings of commercial
real estate and aircraft (the Leasing and Lending Business). The Leasing and
Lending Business comprises the majority of the Company's third segment,
Investments in Financial Assets. Echelon is withdrawing from the aircraft and
real estate lending business to focus on its core real estate operations. The
Company had revenues of $40.6 million in 1998 compared to $44.2 million in 1997.


   The Real Estate Business

   Echelon owns and manages a portfolio of commercial and multi-family
residential real estate and has additional commercial and multi-family
residential properties under construction or development. Currently, the
majority of the income-producing properties are located in the Tampa Bay area of
Florida. The Company also has offices in Dallas, Texas and Orlando, Florida,
both of which focus on the development and management of multi-family
residential communities in the southeast and southwest United States.

   The Company's owned assets include commercial and multi-family residential
real estate properties. These properties consist of eight operating office
buildings, two operating parking garages, one office building currently under
construction, five industrial and other properties, one income-producing
multi-family residential community, seven multi-family residential communities
currently under development or construction,and seven additional multi-family
residential communities in the Company's pipeline.

   The Leasing and Lending Business

   Echelon is continuing to withdraw from the real estate lending business and
has made no new loans since 1993. The Company does not anticipate originating
any new loans except to facilitate the sale of an existing asset. Echelon's
remaining commercial real estate loan portfolio is secured by properties located
in the western United States. The aggregate loan balance, as of December 31,
1998, was $38.8 million. The final maturities of the loans comprising Echelon's
real estate loan portfolio range from 1999 to 2001.

   At December 31, 1998, Echelon's largest outstanding loan is $23.5 million to
the Marquardt Company (Marquardt). Marquardt is owned by Ferranti PLC, which is
operating under receivership in the United Kingdom. The loan is secured by a
52-acre industrial complex located in California adjacent to the Van Nuys
Airport.Situated on the property are several industrial buildings on short-term
leases of less than one year and several buildings totaling 173,764 square feet
on 16 acres of land leased to Kaiser Marquardt for the manufacturing and testing
of aerospace engines. In addition, Echelon has been assigned Marquardt's lease
with Kaiser Marquardt. Echelon estimates that the potential fair market value of
the industrial complex exceeds the outstanding loan balance.

   Echelon has three loans totaling $15.3 million as of December 31, 1998 to the
two Vine Street partnerships. Each individual loan is secured by an office
building located in the State of Washington. The buildings securing such loans
range in size from 43,000 to 76,000 square feet. The loans are split between two
Vine Street partnerships: Vine Street Investors (VSI) and Vine Street Associates
(VSA). Each partnership guarantees the other partnership's loans. VSI is the
borrower of the Capitol View I and II loans,while VSA provides the guarantees.
VSA is the borrower of the Town Square VI loan, while VSI provides the
guarantee. The guarantees are secured with second liens and assignment of leases
on the other partnership's security. All three buildings are leased to the State
of Washington.

   In addition, Echelon owns and manages a portfolio of leveraged, direct
finance and operating leases of aircraft and other equipment and one
collateralized loan secured by aircraft. As of December 31, 1998, Echelon's
portfolio includes two direct finance leases. The first lease was obtained
through the July 31, 1998 dissolution of the Progress Potomac Capital Ventures
joint venture between Echelon and Potomac Capital Corporation and is for a 1973
DC10-30 leased to Continental Airlines, Inc. (Continental).

   The second direct finance lease is for a 1984 B737-300 leased to Southwest
Airlines Company (Southwest) which was originally scheduled to mature in June
2004. In November 1998,Echelon executed an extension on the direct finance
lease, which extends the maturity of the lease through June 2008 and adjusts the
monthly rental payments, beginning in June 2004. Subsequently, the lease was
utilized as collateral for a $13 million loan maturing in June 2008. Echelon has
one operating lease for a 1981 B727-200 ADV aircraft on lease to Air Micronesia,
Inc. (a subsidiary of Continental), which had an original lease expiration of
December 31, 1998. The maturity of the lease was extended to October 31, 2000.

   Echelon has withdrawn from the aircraft lending business and has one
remaining aircraft loan, which matures December 31, 1999. The aircraft loan is
to American Finance Group with an outstanding balance at December 31, 1998 of
$.2 million %. The loan is secured by three 1978-79 B737-2H4 aircraft which are
leased to Southwest until December 1999.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
53121 - Offices of Real Estate Agents and Brokers
SECONDARY NAICS:
52222 - Sales Financing
PRIMARY SIC:
6531 - Real Estate Agents And Managers
SECONDARY SIC:
6159 - Misc Business Credit Institutions

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 1998

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170327

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/1998      12/31/1997      12/31/1996
Cash & Equivalents                      21,600           7,800          63,300
Cash and Short Term                     21,600          49,800          63,300
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,             1,400           1,200           1,100
Net
Total Receivables, Net                   1,400           1,200           1,100
Total Inventory                          1,000           1,100           3,100
Other Current Assets                    51,100          41,500          76,600
Other Current Assets, Total             51,100          41,500          76,600
Total Current Assets                    75,100          93,600         144,100
Buildings - Gross                      120,000          78,000         107,900
Land/Improvements - Gross               32,500          19,200          15,200
Machinery/Equipment - Gross             67,700          34,400          43,600
Leases - Gross                         198,500         204,600         224,300
Property/Plant/Equipment,              418,700         336,200         391,000
Total - Gross
Accumulated Depreciation,             (21,400)        (16,500)        (36,600)
Total
Property/Plant/Equipment,              397,300         319,700         354,400
Total - Net
LT Investments - Other                  21,800          47,200          45,300
Long Term Investments                   21,800          47,200          45,300
Total Assets                           494,200         460,500         543,800



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/1998      12/31/1997      12/31/1996
Accounts Payable                        11,800           6,100          15,800
Current Port. of LT                     15,700          12,200          75,600
Debt/Capital Leases
Deferred Income Tax - Current           10,100           8,400           7,500
Liability
Other Current Liabilities                2,900           9,500           9,900
Other Current liabilities,              13,000          19,200          18,200
Total
Total Current Liabilities               40,500          37,500         109,600
Long Term Debt                         106,000          64,900          73,800
Total Long Term Debt                   106,000          64,900          73,800
Total Debt                             121,700          77,100         149,400
Deferred Income Tax - LT               131,400         145,800         155,800
Liability
Deferred Income Tax                    131,400         145,800         155,800
Other Long Term Liabilities                500           3,200           3,200
Other Liabilities, Total                   500           3,200           3,200
Total Liabilities                      278,400         251,400         342,400



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/1998      12/31/1997      12/31/1996
Common Stock                               100             100             100
Common Stock, Total                        100             100             100
Additional Paid-In Capital             282,200         279,500         279,400
Retained Earnings (Accumulated        (61,000)        (70,500)        (78,100)
Deficit)
Total Equity                           215,800         209,100         201,400
Total Liabilities &                    494,200         460,500         543,800
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock               6,686           6,717           6,777
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                      6,686           6,717           6,777
Outstanding



RATIOS
                                    12/31/1998      12/31/1997      12/31/1996
Total Current Assets less               74,100          92,500         141,000
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  2               2               1
Current Ratio                                2               2               1
Net Debt('000 USD)                     100,100          27,300          86,100
Tangible Book Value('000 USD)          215,800         209,100         201,400
Tangible Book Value per Share               32              31              30
(USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/1998      12/31/1997      12/31/1996
Net Sales                               36,400          37,600          47,600
Revenue                                 36,400          37,600          47,600
Interest Income, Non-Bank                4,200           6,600          15,700
Other Revenue, Total                     4,200           6,600          15,700
Total Revenue                           40,600          44,200          63,300
Cost of Revenue                         15,300          16,800          32,800
Cost of Revenue, Total                  15,300          16,800          32,800
Gross Profit                            21,100          20,800          14,800
Selling/General/Administrative           8,400           6,600          11,900
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                   8,400           6,600          11,900
Expenses, Total
Depreciation                             6,000           4,700           5,600
Depreciation/Amortization                6,000           4,700           5,600
Interest Expense - Operating             5,500           9,000          18,700
Interest Expense, Net -                  5,500           9,000          18,700
Operating
Interest                                 5,500           9,000          18,700
Exp.(Inc.),Net-Operating,
Total
Other Operating Expense                (1,800)         (4,500)          39,100
Other Operating Expenses,              (1,800)         (4,500)          39,100
Total
Total Operating Expense                 33,400          32,600         108,100
Operating Income                         7,200          11,600        (44,800)
Net Income Before Taxes                  7,200          11,600        (44,800)
Provision for Income Taxes             (1,500)           2,100        (15,500)
Net Income After Taxes                   8,700           9,500        (29,300)
Net Income Before Extra. Items           8,700           9,500        (29,300)
Income Available to Com Excl             8,700           9,500        (29,300)
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares            6,800           6,800           6,500
Basic EPS Excluding                          1               1             (5)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                 6,800           6,800           6,500
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               1               1             (5)
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/1998      12/31/1997      12/31/1996
Extraordinary Item                         800         (1,900)           1,800
Total Extraordinary Items                  800         (1,900)           1,800
Net Income                               9,500           7,600        (27,500)
Income Available to Com Incl             9,500           7,600        (27,500)
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/1998      12/31/1997      12/31/1996
Normalized Income Before Taxes           7,200          11,600        (44,800)
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items          (1,500)           2,100        (15,500)
Normalized Income After Taxes            8,700           9,500        (29,300)
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.            8,700           9,500        (29,300)
Basic Normalized EPS                         1               1             (5)
Diluted Normalized EPS                       1               1             (5)



RATIOS
                                    12/31/1998      12/31/1997      12/31/1996
Gross Margin                                58              55              31
Operating Margin                            18              26             -71
Pretax Margin                               18              26             -71
Net Profit Margin                           21              21             -46
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)               12,700          20,600        (26,100)
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)             15,400          21,500        (21,900)



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/1998      12/31/1997      12/31/1996
Basic EPS Including                          1               1             (4)
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                          10               8            (27)
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               1               1             (4)
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/1998      12/31/1997      12/31/1996
Interest Expense, Supplemental           5,500           9,000          18,700
Depreciation, Supplemental               6,000           4,700           5,600
Amort of Intangibles,                  (3,300)         (3,800)         (1,400)
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/1998      12/31/1997      12/31/1996
Net Income/Starting Line                 9,500           7,600        (27,500)
Depreciation                             6,200           5,700           6,100
Depreciation/Depletion                   6,200           5,700           6,100
Amortization of Intangibles            (3,300)         (3,800)         (1,400)
Amortization                           (3,300)         (3,800)         (1,400)
Deferred Taxes                        (12,700)         (9,100)        (19,000)
Equity in Net Earnings (Loss)            (300)         (1,100)         (2,700)
Other Non-Cash Items                   (5,900)         (2,100)          39,800
Non-Cash Items                         (6,200)         (3,200)          37,100
Payable/Accrued                          6,100         (9,200)           2,400
Other Operating Cash Flow                  800             900        (10,900)
Changes in Working Capital               6,900         (8,300)         (8,500)
Cash from Operating Activities             400        (11,100)        (13,200)
Purchase of Fixed Assets              (90,400)        (13,100)         (9,100)
Capital Expenditures                  (90,400)        (13,100)         (9,100)
Sale of Fixed Assets                     3,200          29,200          21,100
Sale/Maturity of Investment             73,900          83,500          45,900
Other Investing Cash Flow              (2,900)         (4,200)           3,600
Other Investing Cash Flow               63,200          42,600          70,600
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities        (27,200)          29,500          61,500
Other Financing Cash Flow                (300)           (200)        (96,500)
Financing Cash Flow Items                (300)           (200)        (96,500)
Long Term Debt Issued                   48,400          45,000         136,200
Long Term Debt Reduction               (4,700)       (117,300)        (25,000)
Long Term Debt, Net                     43,700        (72,300)         111,200
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,          43,700        (72,300)         111,200
Net
Cash from Financing Activities          40,600        (73,900)          14,600
Net Change in Cash                      13,800        (55,500)          62,900
Cash Interest Paid                       5,200           8,500          23,900
Cash Taxes Paid                         11,800           9,400          14,200

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                          75,100
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         75,500
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                           494,200
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          560,100
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            519,450
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                         215,800
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        221,100
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                        217,000
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          215,800
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                          221,100
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          24,000
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                          21,600
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           21,400
year ('000 USD)
Inventory - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            1,000
Inventory - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                1,100
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                           40,500
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                         59,300
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                            278,400
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                          339,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                         106,000
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        152,000
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                          1,400
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              2,800
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                            215,800
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                          221,100
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         121,700
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             179,200
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           2,900
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                          1,300
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            3,000
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                      (90,000)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                        (20,800)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         (110,400)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       2,375.00
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                       1,800.00
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            59
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                         5
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     15
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .09
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .09
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .08
Inventory turnover - most recent fiscal year                              14.57
Inventory turnover - most recent quarter                                  19.48
(annualized)
Inventory turnover - trailing 12 month                                    17.00
Net Income/employee - most recent fiscal year                        75,652,170
('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - most recent quarter                            14,532,570
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Net Income/employee - trailing 12 month ('000                        39,130,430
USD)
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                            28.00
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                17.12
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                  21.00
Revenue/employee - most recent fiscal year                           353,043.50
Revenue/employee - most recent quarter                               348,781.70
(annualized)
Revenue/employee - trailing 12 month                                 315,942.00
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.85
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        1.27
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                            1.83
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                            223.56
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                              5,610.00
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                1,495.37
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                                2.31
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                    1.16
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                                2.73
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                      1.48
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  21.45
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      27.14
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  49.12
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      68.75
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          39.49
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           31.41
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               37.73
Quick ratio - most recent fiscal year                                      1.83
Quick ratio - most recent quarter                                          1.25
Quick ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                              1.81
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                              100.00
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                    100.00
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         24.63
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             31.99
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             36.06
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            44.48
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         56.39
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             81.05
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          45.35
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              5.18
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                              2.41
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          4.24
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                  4.71
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  4.24
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                       16.98
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                    7.32
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -60.39
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -70.59
EPS Change % - year over year                                             -8.42
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               -41.50
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -5.16
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -61.54
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -70.59
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 -43.75
Net Income Change % - year over year                                      -8.42
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                         29.03
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                          -6.25
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                             7.13
Revenue Change %, year over year                                          -8.14
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                        15,300
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             5,100
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         17,000
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                            8,700
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            500
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                           5,400
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                            8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           7,200
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           300
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,100
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            7,200
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                12,700
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     2,200
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       9,600
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               15,400
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                            21,500
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    4,000
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                     16,300
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                          5,500
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                         1,900
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           6,500
Net Income available to common - most recent                              8,700
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                500
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                              5,400
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                         8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                           8,700
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                           9,500
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             40,600
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 12,000
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             40,700
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   43,600
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                       -20.83
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                     18.10
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                           -66.67
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                             -74.19
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                         (1,500)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               (200)
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                               (2,300)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                          9,500
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                          5,400
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   815
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                              5,400
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                              1.82
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                              .37
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                               2.05
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                               1.04
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                              4.10
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                              .91
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                               4.50
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                               2.47
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                             1.98
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                  .41
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                   1.16
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,277
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                              32,875
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,277
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                            32,875
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                           13,294
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                            16,773
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                           3,537
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                             1,676
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                         1,529
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                               507
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                 1,377
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                              343
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                         1,744
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                            2,204
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                            1,833
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            3,231
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           3,568
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            2,470
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                            1,279
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               75
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           1,412
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   815
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                           1,279
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 1,393
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                           1,397
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              75
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                 1,361
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             815
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                            1,279
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                        (13,235)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (3,559)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                        (4,030)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                         (12,452)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                          (3,104)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                      (10,115)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           (16,727)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                            15,855
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           22,600
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             5,971
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          7,184
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                  1,791
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              6,606
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                           15.01
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                             30.46
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                 15.22
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                            26.38
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                   41.43
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                   26.38
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.03
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                         19.89
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                24.58
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           9.68
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                          18.74
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   5.59
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       4.71
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   3.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         5.20
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.05
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.03
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .69
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                                .75
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .69
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .75
quarter
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    37.93
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          37.39
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 57.97
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 55.32
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        54.05
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          57.39
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          21.43
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          21.49
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  4.17
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             23.59
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   12.39
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             17.73
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             26.24
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                     2.50
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                       7.11
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                17.73
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                26.24
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                        2.50
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                          7.11
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            20.69
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           24.17
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             24.08
Float                                                                      3.60
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                        226,791
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              6.85
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             6.60
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           6.80
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          6.70
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           6.69
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               6.73
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             6.81
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               6.72
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          6.80
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             6.60
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.80
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            6.70
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            53.57

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: New York Stock Exchange
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 6,719,723
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: KPMG LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 20, 2017

                    Piedmont Electric Membership Corporation

                            Post Office Drawer 1179
                               Hillsborough 27278
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Piedmont Electric Announces Community Solar Program

   Apr 01, 2016

   Piedmont Electric Membership Corporation, a not-for-profit electric
cooperative headquartered in Hillsborough recently announced a new Community
Solar program as part of a continued commitment to renewable energy. This
program provides a lower cost, and lower risk, way for Piedmont Electric members
to get involved in solar power. In fact, community solar programs are one of the
few ways that renters can invest in solar panels.The challenge with traditional,
home mounted solar panels is that they can be expensive to install and it can
potentially take years to see a return on investment in the form of lower power
bills. Community solar projects remove this risk by allowing members to
subscribe to the output of solar panels from a solar farm owned and operated by
a separate provider, in this case Piedmont Electric. The energy generated by
these solar panels goes directly to the grid, while the member who subscribes to
the panels sees all solar generation as a solar energy credit on their monthly
power bill.Piedmont Electric recently constructed solar fields at their Roxboro
and Caswell County offices. The fields have more than 1,800 panels which can
generate up to 3,000 kilowatt hours of electricity each day, enough to power 70
average American homes. Participants in the Community Solar program must be
current Piedmont Electric members. Each member will be allowed to subscribe to
up to 15 solar panels for $2.50 per month, per panel.


Solar projects in Roxboro and Caswell: Piedmont Electric Membership Corporation

   Jan 15, 2016

   At Piedmont Electric, solar power can be responsibly incorporated as an
energy source. That's why the company constructed a solar farm to benefit
cooperative members and community. In December, construction of two solar fields
was completed at Roxboro and Caswell offices. Hannah Solar out of Atlanta,
Georgia helped with the installation of the solar photovoltaic (PV) panels.
Altogether, these solar fields will produce 500kW of power at a competitive
cost.


Planned Outage at Baynes Substation

   Feb 02, 2015

   Piedmont Electric will be having a planned outage at Baynes Substation this
Wednesday, February 4, 2015, at 2:00 PM. This outage will impact those in
Caswell County; in and around Hwy 86 and Hwy 49 areas. The outage should be
around 5 minutes barring no unforeseen incidents. We apologize for any
inconvenience this maintenance outage causes you. Thank you for your
understanding while your electric cooperative performs this necessary substation
work.


USDA Reaches Goal To Fund $250m In Smart Grid Improvements

   Sep 07, 2012

   The U.S. Development of Agriculture (USDA) reached its $250m goal to finance
smart grid technologies to help modernize nation's electric system. USDA also
announced nine rural electric cooperatives and utilities in 10 states including
North Carolina will receive loan guarantees to make improvements to generation
and transmission facilities and implement smart grid technologies.With the
announcement of more than $27m in smart grid investments, USDA has met President
Obama's goal and has further enabled rural utilities to make efficiency
improvements to the electric grid that will help consumers lower their electric
bills by reducing energy use in homes and businesses.Tom Vilsack, secretary at
USDA, said, Grid modernization and deployment of 'smart grid' technology will
increase the reliability and efficiency of electric power generation. Providing
reliable, affordable electrical service contributes to stronger rural economies
and is the backbone for a prosperous rural America. These loans will help ensure
that rural areas can retain existing businesses, support new ones and have
reliable, up-to-date infrastructure. The administration has outlined a framework
for a modernized electric system that will benefit all Americans. This framework
lays out a number of public and private initiatives, including a goal of $250m
in loans for smart-grid technology deployment as part of the USDA's Rural
Utility Service, which is focused on upgrading the electric grid in rural
America. This $250m investment in loan funds for smart grid technologies means
infrastructure investment at virtually no cost to the taxpayer. These
technologies will facilitate the integration of renewable sources of electricity
into the grid, help avoid blackouts and restore power quicker when outages
occur, and reduce the need for new power plants. North Carolina's Piedmont
Electric Membership Corporation received a $30m guaranteed loan from USDA to
extend its system by 52 miles and help provide service to about 1,000 new member
consumers. The cooperative will also increase capacity for 100 current consumers
and improve the reliability of about 40 miles of line. The cooperative installed
a new automated meter system (AMI) with funds from a previous loan and will
invest approximately $150,000 of the funds from this new loan on new AMI meters
for the 1,000 new member consumers. USDA also announced that two other
cooperatives in North Carolina will receive loan guarantees. Brunswick Electric
Membership Corporation will receive a $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles
of distribution line and make other system improvements. Edgecombe-Martin County
Electric Membership Corporation will receive a $6.4m loan. The firm will use
about $1m of the loan to install automatic meters (AMIs). The following is a
list of rural utilities that will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon
the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Tri-State Generation and
Transmission Association, Inc. will receive $140.5m loan to build 50 miles of
transmission line and make upgrades to the existing generation and transmission
facilities in Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico and Wyoming. The loan amount
includes $21.8m in smart grid projects and $808,780 in environmental
improvements. The Ark Valley Electric Cooperative Association, Inc. will receive
$6.13m loan to build and improve 355 miles of distribution line and make other
system improvements in Kansa. The loan amount includes $2.01m in smart grid
projects. Stearns Cooperative Electric Association will receive $23.6m loan to
improve 147 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements in
Minnesota. The loan amount includes $974,085 in smart grid projects. Agralite
Electric Cooperative will receive $5.2m loan to build and improve 61 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in Minnesota. The loan
amount includes $180,968 in smart grid projects. Northeast Missouri Electric
Power Cooperative will receive $30.1m loan to build and improve 24 miles of
transmission line, build three new substations and make other improvements in
Missouri and Iowa. The loan amount includes $500,000 in smart grid projects.
Edgecombe-Martin County Electric Membership Corporation will receive $6.4m loan
to build and improve 310 miles of distribution line and two miles of
transmission line and make other system improvements in North Carolina. The loan
amount includes $1.1m in smart grid projects. Piedmont Electric Membership
Corporation will receive $30m loan to build and improve 108 miles of
distribution line and five miles of transmission line and make other system
improvements in North Carolina. Brunswick Electric Membership Corporation will
receive $21.5m loan to build and improve 220 miles of distribution line and make
other system improvements in North Carolina. Chippewa Valley Electric
Cooperative will receive $6m loan to build and improve 88 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements in Wisconsin. The loan amount includes
$255,833 in smart grid projects. The $269m in loan guarantees announced are
provided by USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service (RUS). The funding
helps electric utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's
electric infrastructure. USDA Rural Development also funds energy conservation
and renewable energy projects. USDA, through its rural development mission area,
administers and manages housing, business and community infrastructure programs
through a national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an
active portfolio of more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These
programs are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities,
businesses, residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in
rural America.


Carolina Solar Energy Partners Piedmont Electric To Construct 240kW Timberlake
Solar Farm In North Carolina, US

   Jun 12, 2012

   Carolina Solar Energy, LLC partnered with Piedmont Electric Membership
Cooperative (Piedmont Electric) to design, finance, construct, permit and
commission a 240kW dc PV generator to be located on three acres of land in
Timberlake North Carolina, US. The solar farm will sell bundled energy, capacity
and renewable energy certificates to the Piedmont Electric's distribution grid
under a 10 year power purchase agreement.The system is a fixed tilt ground mount
design will use 1008 Schuco and Yingli 240 W polycrystalline modules and
generate approximately 360,000kWh the first year. The estimated annual power
production will be equivalent to the annual energy needed to power 33 average US
homes and will offset approximately 240 metric tons of CO2 released by current
fossil fuel plants.The Timberlake solar farm is expected to be completed and
commissioned in August 2012.


Piedmont EMC Selects Hunt Technologies To Provide TS2 AMI System

   Aug 14, 2006

   Piedmont Electric Membership Corporation (Piedmont EMC) selected Hunt
Technologies to provide a two-way advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) system
for its entire service territory.Piedmont EMC plans to deploy Hunt
Technologies's TS2 AMI system to 30,000 meters over the next three years. The
utility's service territory covers parts of six counties and includes a mix of
rural, suburban and urban areas. TS2 utilizes a power line carrier-based
technology to maintain continuous two-way communication with each meter. In
addition to reporting daily power usage, TS2 provides advanced functionality,
such as remote programmable time-based rate structures, outage detection, load
control and remote service disconnect.Jared Goodnite, system engineer at
Piedmont EMC, said, We like the way the system integrates into our existing
operation. The technology is continuously communicating with each meter, so
outage detection doesn't require someone polling the system, and the system
interfaces with our outage management software. Piedmont EMC plans to retrofit
the majority of its existing meter stock with TS2 modules. The utility also
opted to use Hunt Technologies's managed services package for data hosting. This
will allow the utility to access meter data anytime, anywhere there is an
internet connection, without having to manage software upgrades, licensing or
servers.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                             May 20, 2010 Thursday

Loans available to boost city

BYLINE: By STEVE SNYDER Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 337 words


A second volley has been fired by the Lebanon Valley Economic Development Corp.
in an attempt to help revitalize the city of Lebanon.

LVEDC President Charles Blankenship announced Tuesday that the Lebanon Urban
Revitalization Enterprise loan guarantee program will begin accepting applicants
next week. Applications can be made through the website www.lvedc.org next week.

"We will guarantee 25 percent of a bank loan," Blankenship said. "You can use
the money for acquisition of deteriorated or unsafe business properties in the
city."

Other uses covered by the program include new construction, renovation of
existing buildings and demolition.

The minimum loan amount is $50,000.

"We have $500,000 committed," Blankenship said, with another $200,000
anticipated over the next two years.

"That $700,000 should leverage at least $2.8 million," Blankenship said.

Combined with $2.5 million in federal Recovery Zone bonds now available after
county commissioners declared the city a Recovery Zone last week, "There is now
$5.3 million available for investment in the city to help the city reach
economic sustainability," Blankenship said. "That money was not there at the
start of the summit."

In late March, LVEDC sponsored a summit for city and community leaders to
brainstorm ways to produce $1 million in revenue for the city within two years.

"We have to work quickly," Blankenship said. "There's not a lot of time."

Blankenship will be distributing information about LURE to area banks this week.

The city has access to $1.5 million in low-interest Facility Bonds that will be
available to private developers and $1 million in low-interest municipal
Redevelopment Bonds, Blankenship told the commissioners last week. Financing for
the bonds must be arranged by Jan. 1.

Mayor Sherry Capello said she hopes the bonds will be used for a large downtown
project or a construction project along Schneider Drive's business park.

For more information about the LURE program, call LVEDC at 274-3180.

stevesnyder@ldnews.com; 272-5611, ext. 152

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                                August 25, 2014

BDF Takes Services to Rural Areas

BYLINE: Kenneth Agutamba

LENGTH: 907 words


A call that started at the 2012 national dialogue (Umushyikirano) is finally
yielding results with Business Development Fund (BDF) set to have a branch in
all districts across the country.

In 2012, a participant attending the annual National Dialogue raised a concern
that BDF was too centralised that it lacked a presence in the countryside,
making it hard for rural folks to access its services.

The call was taken up by the National Leaders' Retreat, last year, during which
officials agreed that the country's only guarantee fund should be decentralised.

"We have seven branches already in operation in seven districts," Innocent
Burindi, the BRD chief executive, said.

In an understanding between BDF and Rwanda Development Board (RDB), the Fund
would take over the 30 Business Development Centres (BDCs) located at the
district level.

The pilot phase, aimed at testing how the new decentralised system would work,
was done with BDCs located in the Western Province districts of Ngororero,
Nyabihu, Rubavu, Rutsiro, Karongi, Nyamasheke and Rusizi.

"Now we expect to open 10 more to make 17, the total number of our district
branches, by the end of the year," Burindi said.

The 10 districts set to have BDF branches include Kayonza, Gatsibo, Rulindo,
Nyanza, Rwamagana, Ngoma, Nyagatare, Gicumbi, Huye and Nyamagabe.

BDF pledged to use the facilities to enable rural people access financial
services, extend business development services and help at least 7,000 small
entrepreneurs to obtain credit by the end of June 2015.

BDC facelift

BDCs were formed in 2011 on a public-private partnership (PPP) model in which
government, represented by RDB, retained ownership of the centres' assets but
with the private operators assuming responsibility for operational costs.

Before the takeover, the centres were being managed by four private operators
whose management contracts have since expired, Burindi said.

With the management overhaul involved, BDF will be hiring to fill up the 30
district branches. The Fund's chief executive told The New Times that they need
at least 120 people to fill up various positions, including that of station
managers and coordinators.

BDCs taught people how to start and grow businesses with ethical values as well
as learn basic ICT skills such as opening e-mail accounts and using the Internet
to access market information.

BDF will take over that role and introduce more services such as equipping
aspiring entrepreneurs with business development skills like planning and
budgeting but at a cost that will vary from district to district.

"This is aimed at reducing bad business cases that have been going to banks
ending up being rejected," Burindi said.

The idea is that with well developed business proposals, BDF can help introduce
clients to partnering banks with less chances of rejection.

Each district branch will be run by a team of four persons.

Broad menu

BDF also revealed that it will be broadening its services to offer Rwandans an
array of products in a bid to ease and increase financial access for SMEs.

The guarantee fund has been divided into four categories, such as the
agriculture guarantee fund targeting productive projects in the agricultural
value chain, SME guarantee fund aiming at guaranteeing loans issued by
participating financial institutions, and women guarantee fund aimed at
promoting women and retrenched civil servants' guarantee fund.

The New Times understands that at least 2,006 loans have been guaranteed for up
to 75 per cent as of June 2014, worth Rwf23 billion, and helping stimulate bank
loans worth Rwf60 billion.

The maximum amount guaranteed by BDF is limited to Rwf500 million per SME
guaranteed for up to 10 years.

BDF has added more products, including a grants fund, Sacco refinancing and a
quasi equity fund.

The $10 million grant is called the Second Rural Investment Facility (RIF2)
availed by the Ministry of Agriculture and Animal Resources.

Officials say it's aimed at providing incentives for both financial institutions
and for entrepreneurs to make productive investments in agriculture.

About 3,111 entrepreneurs have received grants worth Rwf1.4 billion as of June
2014. Grant beneficiaries receive a certain portion of an investment loan taken
to fund projects that represent investments along the agricultural value chain.

According to Trade and Industry minister Francois Kanimba, Saccos have a
liquidity problem which is mainly caused by the nature of their deposits.

Depositors save money only to withdraw shortly, affecting operations.

"So our refinancing product is basically to address that problem by ensuring
that Saccos, which are the closest to most citizens, stay with liquid," says
Burindi.

Under Quasi Equity funding, BDF will be buying stakes into what they deem to be
good projects that can't find funding from banks or struggling to repay an
expensive bank loan, in which case they would help buy out the debt and give the
distressed firm relief to recover under a flexible repayment arrangement.

BDF has already invested more than Rwf436 million in at least 17 SMEs.

The cost implication of decentralising BDF is an annual budget of Rwf7.2 billion
each year for the next five years up to 2019. Burindi says government has
committed to provide the money.

Mary Nyirakadari, a member of a women's handicraft association in Ngoma
District, said she hopes to benefit from the district branches because many of
their ideas have stalled because of financial hardships.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

PUNB allocates RM300m for loans, financing

BYLINE: Cheryl Yvonne Achu

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 260 words


SHAH ALAM: Perbadanan Usahawan Nasional Bhd (PUNB) plans to disburse more than
RM300 million worth of loans and financing to Bumiputera companies and
businesses next year, compared with RM290 million this year.

Chief executive officer Datuk Dzulkifli Fadzilah said the allocation is in line
with PUNB's goals to enhance the skills of the Bumiputera entrepreneurial and
business communities by offering programming and financial assistance to enhance
Bumiputera ventures.

"This is also based on the growing number of entrepreneurs, especially among the
younger generation and we are prepared to provide loans to those who have
business projects and quality products for expansion," he said at a press
conference after the signing ceremony between PUNB and Bank Muamalat Malaysia
Bhd, here, yesterday.

Dzulkifli said as of October, 80 per cent of RM290 million had been disbursed to
the small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in the retail and wholesale sectors.

The partnership pact was signed by Dzulkifli on behalf of PUNB, while Bank
Muamalat was represented by chief executive officer Datuk Mohd Redza Shah Abdul
Wahid.

The collaboration with Bank Muamalat is to support the development of
entrepreneurs, especially SMEs in the country, where it aims to establish a
Kafalah guarantee scheme.

Under the scheme, PUNB will provide financial guarantee to Bank Muamalat in
terms of advances, credit facilities and financing to established SMEs.

The strategic tie-up is in line with the government's aspiration of seeing more
credit opportunities available for SMEs.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Company

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            August 28, 2010 Saturday

Role of banks crucial in development of State: CM

LENGTH: 523  words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Aug. 28 -- Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Friday described the
role of banks in the development of the State as crucial and urged them to
provide credit facilities at lower interest rates to farmers, small
entrepreneurs, artisans and those engaged in service sector. He also exhorted
them to help fillip the rural housing initiative of the State Government.

The Chief Minister further asked banks to take steps for opening a bank branch
for 1,000 population in rural areas as against the current trend of establishing
branches for 2,000 population.

Addressing the 140th meeting of State level bankers' committee, the Chief
Minister termed prosperity and development as top priorities of the State
Government and urged for farmers to be provided loans at lower interest rates to
ensure that agriculture remains a profitable proposition.

Small scale industrial units also need maximum credit facilities. Small
entrepreneurs should get loans on lower interest rates. He informed the bankers
about State Government initiative for upgrading the skills of artisans
associated with micro enterprises and in the service sector; he added and called
for banks to extend support to improve their business.

He said that the Welfare Government can play a meaningful role by ensuring
economic empowerment of these sections.

Highlighting the State Government initiative guaranteeing educational loans to
encourage higher education of talented students, he said the State Government
will stand guarantee for loans to meritorious students.

Urging banks to improve credit deposit ratio from 60 per cent and above in
predominantly tribal districts, Chouhan said that that economic empowerment of
tribal community is a must to fulfill the development agenda.

He said that nationalised and private banks should support the task of issuing
Kisan Credit Cards. He said that the beneficiary farmers of loan waivers, who
are eligible for Kisan Credit Card, should also be provided the cards.

Chouhan said that the farmers involved in nurseries are not getting benefits of
Kisan Credit Cards. In view of investment in horticulture sector and its
expansion, the farmers growing fruit bearing plants should also get these
benefits.

He said that the district level bank branches must include special facilitation
counters for small industrial units complying with the Reserve Bank of India
directives.

The Chief Minster informed that bankers that 1.5 lakh rural housing units would
be constructed under the Mukhya Mantri Gramin Awas Yojana each year and sought
cooperation of banks to provide credit facilities to the prospective
beneficiaries.

Central Bank of India CMD S Sridhar, chairing the meeting said that out of eight
districts with low C:D ratio, two districts-Alirajpur and Dindori have already
achieved the minimum prescribed C:D ratio level of 40 per cent and in the
remaining districts, necessary steps have been initiated by SLBC to improve the
position. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     November 15, 2002 Friday Final Edition

Feds won't back pipeline loan: Alternatives available, Dhaliwal tells
aboriginals

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

BYLINE: Scott Haggett

SECTION: Business; Pg. D1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 678 words

Federal Natural Resources Minister Herb Dhaliwal said a native group that wants
to own a piece of the planned $3-billion Mackenzie Valley natural gas pipeline
may not need the government's financial support -- only to have the claim
disputed by a key player in the pipeline group.

Speaking to reporters from India, where he's leading a trade mission, Dhaliwal
said the government's position is not to offer the Aboriginal Pipeline Group the
$70 million in loan guarantees that it's seeking to fund its share of design
work for the line.

The minister said the group has other options that don't require government
backing.

"There are other proposals that I'm aware of," Dhaliwal said.

"The APG could fund this through buying a share once the project is completed
and, therefore, it should be easier to get private funding for it. That's one of
the options I think they may be considering, depending on whether the producers
build the pipeline themselves or whether it's built by a private company."

Nellie Cournoyea, former chair of the Aboriginal Pipeline Group and still an
executive member, said the group isn't considering any other proposals -- and
it's still counting on the government's backing for loan guarantees.

"I really don't know what the heck (Dhaliwal) is talking about," Cournoyea said
from Inuvik.

"It's very difficult when a minister shoots from the hip. We've never had a
meeting with him and he hasn't discussed these issues with us."

Cournoyea said the Aboriginal Pipeline Group isn't interested in buying into a
pipeline once it's built.

The group wants to be included in the design and construction of the line to
ensure participation -- and economic benefits -- for the communities along the
pipeline's 1,350-kilometre route from the gas fields of the Mackenzie Delta to
northern Alberta.

"It's not just about ownership, it's about true, meaningful involvement as we go
through the regulatory process," she said.

On his conference call, Dhaliwal said he recognizes the aboriginal pipeline
group will play an important role in the development of the pipeline.

However, he's still waiting for a report from Roland Priddle, a former head of
the National Energy Board, who's negotiating with the group over the loan
guarantees.

"We have appointed Mr. Priddle, who's talking to the parties and will report
back," he said. "The policy of the government of Canada is that we do not fund
pipelines, nor do we provide loan guarantees, but I will be very interested to
see what Mr. Priddle has to say."

Dhaliwal was a leading voice against subsidies for an Alaska Highway natural gas
pipeline that were included in an energy bill from the U.S. Senate. That bill
died Wednesday after the Senate and the House of Representative were unable to
agree on it.

Imperial Oil Ltd., the leader of a group of producers including Shell Canada
Ltd. ConocoPhillips and ExxonMobil Canada that are driving the pipeline
proposal, says it also wants to ensure the group has a role in the line.

"We have made it clear to Mr. Priddle and others in the federal government that
aboriginal support for the pipeline is essential if this project is to go
ahead," said Imperial spokesman Hart Searle. "We are very much interested in
seeing this issue resolved."

The group is moving to unlock gas reserves in the Mackenzie Delta that were
first discovered in the 1970s.

However, with gas prices on the rise and reserves in southern Canada declining,
the consortium believes the massive pipeline could be profitable. In fact, the
group is now considering beefing up the capacity of the line to handle as much
as 1.9 billion cubic feet (bcf) of gas a day from the 800 million cubic feet to
1.2 bcf per day initially proposed.

Searle said it was likely the line would be constructed to handle 1.2 bcf per
day but would be designed to be quickly expanded as new gas supplies are found
in the area.

"Our expectation is that there will be more gas available beyond the anchor
volumes of the four companies," he said.

haggetts@theherald.southam.ca

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Herald Archive, Canadian Press; Natural Resources
Minister Herb Dhaliwal says he recognizes the Aboriginal Pipeline Group will
play an important role in the development of the project.; Map:

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                     ICC Financial Analysis Reports (Irish)
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 10, 2017

             MOUNTVIEW FORTLAWN COMMUNITY CAMPUS COMPANY LIMITED BY
                                   GUARANTEE

                          FORTLAWN COMMUNITY FACILITY
                                 FORTLAWN PARK
                                   MOUNTVIEW
                                   DUBLIN 15


TRADE ADDRESS: Fortlawn Facility Community Cent Fortlawn Park, Fortlawn, DUBLIN
15

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 018218665
FAX: 018262431

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: E0460576

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 31, 2008
EMPLOYEES: 5

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    David Creed
     ·    Margaret Mc Loughlin
     ·    Michael Dunne
     ·    Billy Burke
     ·    Jonathan Ronan
     ·    Pauline Williams
     ·    Ann Osborne
     ·    Ann Mulligan
     ·    Michael Harrop
     ·    Cahir O'byrne
     ·    Niamh Quinn
     ·    Gavin Byrne
     ·    Keith Greene
     ·    Pat Lane
     ·    Elizabeth Mccullagh
     ·    Mick Dunne


Go To ICC Directors (Irish)
SECRETARY:

     ·    MichaelDunne


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Other Service Activities N.E.C.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY SIZE:  Company Size / Status unknown

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
9305

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Type not available
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 EUR       EUR       EUR
Tangible Assets                               11,214    23,733    46,705
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            11,214    23,733    46,705
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                        8,257     8,705    20,008
Cash                                          11,416    16,625     5,861
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         1
Other Current Assets                          11,416    16,625     5,862
Total Current Assets                          19,673    25,330    25,870
Fixed Assets                                  11,214    23,733    46,705
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  30,888    49,064    72,576



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 EUR       EUR       EUR
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -     2,625
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              1,314     6,491     3,934
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      1,314     6,491     3,934
Short Term Loans                                   -         -     2,625
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      1,314     6,491     6,558
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              1,314     6,491     6,558
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -    23,735    46,706
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 29,573    18,838    19,311
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             29,573    42,573    66,017
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -    23,735    46,706
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    29,573    42,573    66,017


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         EUR       EUR       EUR
Total Sales          206,569   221,884   235,555
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit         206,569   221,884   235,555
Operating Profit      -13000      -472     5,974
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         -13000      -472     5,974
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      -13000      -472     5,974
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits      -13000      -472     5,974
Value Added          109,825   128,655   142,518
Capital Employed      29,573    42,573    66,017
Net Worth             29,573    42,573    66,017
Working Capital       18,359    18,839    19,311
Emp. Renumeration    110,305   106,155   104,247
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees             1,550     1,550     1,550
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation          12,520    22,972    32,297
Number of                  5         5         5
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     EUR       EUR       EUR
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities             -5208    13,389    11,215
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And             -         -    -17489
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                      -5208    13,389     -6274
Net Cashflow From Financing                            -         -         -
Increase In Cash                                   -5208    13,389     -6274

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years      3      5
                            Years  Years
                       EUR    EUR    EUR
Sales                 -6.9 -12.31  -9.76
Pretax             2,652.1 -317.6   0.62
                         5
Total Assets        -37.05 -57.44 -60.04
Current Assets      -22.33 -23.95  24.71
Current             -79.75 -79.96 -46.07
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -30.53  -55.2 -60.49
Employee Wages        3.91   5.81   1.36
Number of                0      0     25
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 51,512 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
93050 Other service activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.56    14.73    63.04
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.57     7.63    38.84
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -.22     5.64    25.86
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              68.27   159.04   304.62
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       11.65        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .55     1.03     1.97
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            21,440.2 36,861.8 54,174.9
                                                          7        5        7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,128.6 18,062.5 24,493.5
                                                          9                 2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  23,586.9 34,835.7 86,283.0
                                                          6        1        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  69.44     47.7       25



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        6
Year -1  7
=        1
Year -2  1
=        2
Year -3  9
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -43.96     -1.11      9.05
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -42.09     -0.96      8.23
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            -43.96     -1.11      9.05
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -6.29     -0.21      2.54
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          668.77    452.23    324.57
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                           18.42      9.35      5.04
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         8.89      8.49       8.2
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     14.59     14.32        31
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               14.97       3.9      3.94
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 14.97       3.9      3.94
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -      3.98
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.96      0.87      0.91
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     22,060.9 21,231.04 20,849.35
(GBP)                                                  4
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                   53.4     47.84     44.26
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -2599.92    -94.47  1,194.82
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               41,313.7 44,376.84 47,111.09
                                                       2
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          5,914.69  8,514.61  13,203.5
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)         2,242.8  4,746.65  9,340.93
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        6,177.53  9,812.79 14,515.14
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -11.84     -0.37      4.19
Value Added / Sales (%)                            53.17     57.98      60.5
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         21,964.9 25,730.99 28,503.59
                                                       5
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    1      1.21      1.37
Sales / Audit Fees                                133.27    143.15    151.97
Total Assets / Audit Fees                          19.93     31.65     46.82
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -      0.14
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -      0.04

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: EUR 29,573

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 22, 2017

                 CANOLFAN CYMUNEDOL DERWENLAS COMMUNITY CENTRE

                 CANOLFAN CYMUNEDOL DERWENLAS COMMUNITY CENTRE
                                   DERWENLAS
                                  MACHYNLLETH
                              MACHYNLLETH SY20 8TS


TRADE ADDRESS: Dovey View, MACHYNLLETH SY20 8TS

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01654700192

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07935528

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 3, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Charles Joseph Michael Falzon, None
     ·    Dr Nicholas Islwyn Dugdale Fenwick, Director Of Agricultural Polic
     ·    Ms Judith Alfrey, Civil Servant
     ·    Mrs Penelope Jill Rowland, Administrator
     ·    Ms Elizabeth Margaret Owen Frost, Lawyer


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Social work activities without accommodation
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
88000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 29, 2016

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 29, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 26, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 3, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          11,895    11,109     7,503
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                          11,895    11,109     7,503
Total Current Assets                          11,895    11,109     7,503
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  11,895    11,109     7,503



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 11,895    11,109     7,503
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             11,895    11,109     7,503
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   29/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      11,895    11,109     7,503
Net Worth             11,895    11,109     7,503
Working Capital       11,895    11,109     7,503
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         7.08  58.54      0
Current Assets       7.08  58.54      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed     7.08  58.54      0
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        1
Year -1  7
=        0
Year -2  3
=        3
Year -3  4
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                9/02/201 28/02/201 28/02/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2017


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

IRS to Audit Some Bonds With LOCs
Federal Home Loan Guarantees Queried

                           December 3, 2002, Tuesday

By Susanna Duff

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



The Internal Revenue Service plans to audit about 30 industrial revenue bond
deals that it says are double-dipping into federal benefits -- but it will give
issuers a sliver of time to come forward first, a top enforcement official said
yesterday.

The audits will be launched because the IRS believes that tax-exempt industrial
revenue bond issues that are backed by standby letters of credit provided by
Federal Home Loan Banks constitute an illegal federal guarantee. Under the tax
code, a non-housing bond issue that carries a federal guarantee cannot also
qualify for tax-exempt status. "We are pretty comfortable our position is going
to be adverse on these cases," said Mark Scott, the IRS' national director for
tax-exempt bonds.

The IRS has audited at least one transaction, he said. Most of the bond issues
in question appear to be small-issue manufacturing facilities, Scott said. The
IRS will give the issuers "a couple of months" to reach settlements with the
agency before it launches the audits.

"We'd like to get them resolved in the easiest and friendliest way possible,"
Scott said.

The 12 regional Federal Home Loan Banks are federally chartered but are owned by
their members, which are mostly commercial banks and savings and loan
institutions. Some have extended their practice of providing standby letters of
credit that are used to back housing bonds to other types of economic
development bonds. All of the non-housing bonds issued by the Chicago Federal
Home Loan Banks are designed to benefit low-income community investment
developments, said a bank spokesman who refused to discuss the IRS
investigations.

The IRS based its decision to move forward with its investigation because of
several incidences in the past 18 months where the letters of credit were used
to back non-housing bonds, Scott said. When the agency learned about the
practice, it approached the National Association of Bond Lawyers because the
group earlier had asked the IRS to consult with it before launching a new class
of audits. But the association decided not to advise the IRS when it realized
this summer an issuer had requested a private letter ruling, said Bill Larsen,
NABL's director of governmental affairs. That letter was withdrawn when the
IRS's chief counsel tentatively indicated there was a problem.

In September, the IRS issued a preliminary determination that interest on a $5.3
million industrial revenue bond issue sold by the Illinois Development Finance
Authority is not exempt from federal income taxes because the deal used a
standby letter of credit from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago. Lawyers for
the IDFA declined to comment.

In addition, the issue also has caught the eye of Congress. A bill introduced in
October by House Ways and Means Oversight subcommittee chairman Rep. Amory
Houghton Jr., R- NY, would allow future bonds backed by letters of credit for
federal home loan banks to be treated as tax-exempt bonds. The bill would not
apply retroactively to the 30 transactions pending an IRS investigation.

"We expect and hope it will be reintroduced" in the 108th Congress when it
convenes on Jan. 7, said the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago spokesman.

Scott has assigned a staffer in the IRS outreach and education office to contact
the Federal Home Loan Bank and issuers. "We are going to encourage those issuers
to come in voluntarily and resolve the problems so we don't have to open those
examinations," Scott said.

If they do not come forward, the IRS could try to recover the amount the issuer
benefited from the actual federal subsidies, Scott said.

The bond market likely will put a hold on tax-exempt bonds backed by federal
home loan banks, said Mitchell Rapaport, a tax lawyer with Nixon Peabody here.

"Until this matter gets resolved, I would expect the bond market is going to
treat these as potentially taxable," Rapaport said. "It would seem extremely
difficult for a transaction with this guarantee to go forward until this matter
is resolved."

Copyright c 2002 Thomson Media. All Rights Reserved. http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 685 words

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

New Jersey: GROWTH OF SMALL BUSINESS REMAINS TOP PRIORITY OF STATE

LENGTH: 683  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Department of Economic Development Authority, The State of New Jersey has issued
the following news release:

From a husband-and-wife-owned bed and breakfast in West Cape May to a fast
growing manufacturer in Riverdale, hundreds of small businesses across the State
took advantage of low-cost lending and recovery programs offered by the New
Jersey Economic Development Authority (EDA) in 2014.  These companies, which
benefited from a total of $92 million in financing, expect to create more than
1,170 new jobs.

"The vitality of New Jersey's small business community is intrinsically linked
to the growth of the State's economy," said Tim Lizura, EDA President and COO.
"Through our collaboration with banks and other local, state and federal
partners, the EDA has been able to increase access to capital for small
businesses that want to rebuild, maintain or expand their operations in the
State."

One of the EDA's longest-standing programs for small business is the New Jersey
Business Growth Fund, an exclusive partnership with PNC Bank. Through this
program, eligible small businesses can take advantage of PNC Bank loans of up to
$3 million with a 25 percent or 50 percent EDA guarantee. Funding can be used
for machinery and equipment or real estate. Since the program's inception in
2004, more than 350 projects have been assisted, representing approximately $170
million in loans and $50 million in EDA guarantees.  Today's Board action
extends the partnership for another year.

In 2014, Filan and Conner Plumbing utilized the program to purchase a property
in Berlin for its plumbing and bathroom remodeling business; Tony's Freehold
Grill, a family-owned railcar diner, was able to purchase its location in
downtown Freehold; and metal hose assembly manufacturer Flexline acquired a
building for its operations in Kenilworth.

In addition to the New Jersey Business Growth Fund, the EDA partners with over
40 banks to help lower the cost of borrowing for small businesses. Banks that
have been approved by the EDA for Premier Lender status benefit from faster
turnaround and reduced risk.  The streamlined process involves the EDA approving
finance applications in as early as three to five business days, the result of
which speeds the flow of capital to businesses.  The EDA can participate in up
to 50 percent of a bank loan for fixed assets (up to $2 million) or working
capital (up to $750,000); the maximum guarantee for fixed assets and working
capital is $1.5 million.

Riverdale-based EVS Metal, Inc. is a precision sheet metal fabricator and one of
the fastest growing manufacturing companies in the United States. In addition to
its metal fabrication service, EVS provides machining, finishing, engineering,
logistic and integration services. The company received a loan from JP Morgan
Chase that included an EDA participation to support its operations.

"Fueled by a commitment to service, quality and solutions, EVS Metal is proud to
be recognized for its world class manufacturing processes," said Scott
Berkowitz, President, EVS Metal.  "Our business was launched in New Jersey 20
years ago, and we're thankful for the support of the EDA as we continue to
expand and grow in the State."

Other businesses that benefited last year include Tipico Products Co., a
wholesaler utilizing a TD Bank loan that included an EDA participation to expand
to a larger facility in Lakewood; Custom Labels, Inc., a printing company that
received a loan from Two River Community Bank that included an EDA participation
to acquire a new property in Fairfield; and, Acupuncture & Chiropractic Healing
Arts, which used a Roma Bank loan that included an EDA participation to support
its continued operations in Pennington.

In addition to partnerships with commercial lenders, the EDA provides
below-market rate direct loans that can be used for fixed assets or working
capital.  Eligible businesses can apply for up to $2 million for fixed assets,
or up to $750,000 for working capital.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Aberdeen Evening Express

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

UK Government's £86m boost for city development

BYLINE: Peter Davidson

SECTION: NEWS; OTHER; Others; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 199 words


THE UK Government has announced an £86 million investment for a major
development in the North-east.

Lord Dunlop, the UK Parliamentary Under Secretary of State at the Scotland
Office, visited Aberdeen to make the announcement regarding the Countesswells
site, where Stewart Milne Homes will be the primary developers.

The development will see more than 3,000 homes built, with 750 being affordable.
There will also be two new primary schools, a secondary school, a health
facility and retail units.

Lord Dunlop said: "The UK Government is providing an £86m loan guarantee that
really unlocks £800m of commercial investment in a very exciting housing
development.

"Every time I come to the North-east I hear the same story that there is a
shortage of affordable housing and this deal absolutely addresses that key
requirement."

John Slater, group managing director at Stewart Milne Homes, said: "We are
delighted that, through HM Treasury, we have been successful in securing a
guarantee to support the delivery of Countesswells.

"It is a critical project for the city over the next 15 years, delivering much
needed homes and community facilities that in turn will compliment Aberdeen's
economic growth."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Investing:Stuart MacGregor, Lord Dunlop and John Slater.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EE


                      Copyright 2016 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                January 17, 2017

                       WEST DUNBARTONSHIRE LEISURE TRUST

                          ALEXANDRIA COMMUNITY CENTRE
                                  MAIN STREET
                                   ALEXANDRIA
                               ALEXANDRIA G83 0NU


TRADE ADDRESS: Alexandria Community Centre Main Street, ALEXANDRIA G83 0NU

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01389772011

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC413707

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 23, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 201

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr David William Marshall, Lawyer
     ·    David Smith, None
     ·    Councillor Kathleen Mary Ryall, Local Authority Councillor
     ·    David Mcbride, None
     ·    Mr Charlie Gibson, Personnel Officer
     ·    Mr Jim Finn, Local Authority Councillor
     ·    Ms Samantha Baird, Solicitor
     ·    Mr James Docherty, Council Worker - Greenspace


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    Fiona MargaretMcguigan


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 31, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 3, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  26,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              195,282   267,940   317,598
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           195,282   267,940   317,598
Stocks                                        10,729    10,060    11,206
Debtors                                       44,277    15,416    26,123
Cash                                       2,572,250 2,251,308 1,685,296
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 172,868   223,745   266,672
Other Current Assets                       2,745,118 2,475,053 1,951,968
Total Current Assets                       2,800,124 2,500,529 1,989,297
Fixed Assets                                 195,282   267,940   317,598
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                       93,413   152,354    30,339
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,995,406 2,768,469 2,306,895



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                      2,272    10,218       662
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          1,467,038 1,474,416 1,429,193
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                     651,287   690,269   702,140
Due To Group, Current                        651,287   690,269   702,140
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    815,751   784,147   727,053
Short Term Loans                             651,287   690,269   702,140
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  411,000 2,446,000   917,000
Total Current Liabilities                  1,469,310 1,484,634 1,429,855
Total Long Term Liabilities                  411,000 2,446,000   917,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,880,310 3,930,634 2,346,855
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,115,096  -1162165    -39960
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          1,115,096  -1162165    -39960
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 1,526,096 1,283,835   877,040


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        6,763,995 7,024,425 6,971,410
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit       6,763,995 7,024,425 6,971,410
Operating Profit      -51059   333,795   534,006
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         -51059   333,795   534,006
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      -51059   333,795   534,006
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits      -51059   333,795   534,006
Value Added        5,312,160 5,514,556 5,505,887
Capital Employed   1,526,096 1,283,835   877,040
Net Worth          1,115,096  -1162165    -39960
Working Capital    1,330,814 1,015,895   559,442
Emp. Renumeration  5,290,561 5,108,103 4,943,054
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees             8,000     7,967     7,747
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation          72,658    72,658    28,827
Number of                201       232       232
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities           329,637   566,012 1,113,015
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And         -8695         -         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    320,942   566,012   772,732
Net Cashflow From Financing                            -         -         -
Increase In Cash                                 320,942   566,012   772,732

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               -3.71  -2.98   -5.7
Pretax             -115.3 -109.5 -106.1
                               6      7
Total Assets          8.2  29.85  40.22
Current Assets      11.98  40.76  31.46
Current             -1.03   2.76 -20.28
Liabilities
Capital Employed    18.87  74.01 420.79
Employee Wages       3.57   7.03   9.05
Number of          -13.36 -13.36  -9.87
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  1
=        5
Year -1  1
=        9
Year -2  2
=        2
Year -3  9
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -3.35        26     60.89
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          -1.7     12.06     23.15
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -4.58    -28.72  -1336.35
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -0.75      4.75      7.66
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          225.81    253.73     302.2
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                           34.64     26.22     21.95
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        19.67     14.46      8.02
Sales / Stocks                                    630.44    698.25    622.11
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      2.39       0.8      1.37
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.91      1.68      1.39
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                   1.9      1.68      1.38
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                         58.41     -59.4  -1757.11
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.37     -0.42     -0.02
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                      136.95    147.58     127.6
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     26,321.2 22,017.69 21,306.27
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  78.22     72.72      70.9
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)        -254.02  1,438.77  2,301.75
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               33,651.7 30,277.69 30,049.18
                                                       2
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          7,592.52  5,533.77  3,780.34
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)          971.55  1,154.91  1,368.96
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        14,902.5 11,933.06  9,943.51
                                                       2
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    -0.96      6.05       9.7
Value Added / Sales (%)                            78.54     78.51     78.98
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         26,428.6 23,769.64 23,732.27
                                                       6
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    1      1.08      1.11
Sales / Audit Fees                                 845.5    881.69    899.89
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         374.43    347.49    297.78
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.05      0.66      0.03
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.49      0.68      1.26
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.22      0.25       0.3

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,526,096

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Wylie & Bisset LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                            October 19, 2012 Friday

Madison Community Hospital secures funding for new hospital in South Dakota

LENGTH: 104 words


Located near a highway bypass in Madison, the one-storey building will
accommodate 22 licensed inpatient beds, ancillary medical services, support
services and medical clinic among other amenities. The new hospital will be an
energy efficient structure that will be built to meet health care codes.

The USDA has awarded funds from under its Community Facilities Direct Loan
Program. The hospital has also secured $10 million Rural Development Guarantee
from AgStar, $1.3 million loan from Heartland Consumer Power District, $300,000
loan from Sioux Valley Energy, and $480,000 loan from Sioux Valley Energy's
Revolving Loan Fund.


LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                             October 3, 2011 Monday

George Osborne admits key policy runs into the ground

BYLINE: Phillip Inmanguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 621 words

ABSTRACT

The chancellor wants to ease credit to small businesses but is vague about how
to do it

FULL TEXT

George Osborne has admitted one of his key plans has run into the ground with
the announcement that he is looking into ways to get money directly to companies
through a form of credit easing.

Project Merlin, the multi-billion pound deal with the banks to spur increased
lending, especially to small and medium-sized companies, was a central plank of
government policy until today when the chancellor effectively told the Tory
party conference it was not working and he needed a Plan B.

For several months, Bank of England data has shown lending remains at rock
bottom levels and business surveys reveal a level of desperation among small
businesses for short term loans not seen since the worst of the crisis.

Osborne was vague about what the Treasury may eventually put in place, though it
was clear the Treasury and not the Bank of England would supply the funds.

He said: "I have set the Treasury to work on ways to inject money directly into
parts of the economy that need it such as small business."It is known as credit
easing. It is another form of monetary activism," he said. "It is similar to the
national loan guarantee scheme we talked about in opposition."

As far as most economists are concerned credit easing bears little resemblance
to the national loan guarantee, which is an attempt to underwrite bank loans,
with the government taking on some of the risk.

David Cameron announced it in 2008 and said it would guarantee loans for a
commercial insurance fee, passed on by the banks, that would "properly protect
the taxpayer".

The scheme would be chaired by someone appointed by the Chancellor with the
agreement of the Governor of the Bank of England.

Cameron said at the time: "This is not a new spending programme financed by more
borrowing. It is like the secured guarantees for a fee that the Bank of England
has already put in place for inter-bank lending, which we supported."

As a policy, it won few friends internationally because the pitfalls of
overriding current bank lending practices were many and fraught with serious
risks. The US central bank chief Ben Bernanke set what the economist community
believe is credit easing in 2009.

He divided them into three groups: lending to financial institutions, providing
liquidity to key credit markets, and purchasing longer-term securities.

He saw it as the job of the central bank and not the Treasury to undertake these
background activities, which "ease" conditions and do not, like a loan guarantee
scheme, involve direct loans to companies by the government.

Bernanke said, in the Fed's traditional role as lender of last resort, it should
ensure that healthy financial institutions have access to sufficient short-term
credit, particularly during times of financial stress.

These lending facilities dramatically affected both the composition and size of
the Fed's balance sheet.

It is debatable whether they greatly influenced the path of the US economy,
which has struggled with more fundamental issues such as the huge property price
bubble overhang.

It is probably true Wall Street's collection of ailing banks would probably be
bust without Bernanke's credit easing in place, but the flow through to ordinary
businesses has been lacking on main street as much as in the UK.

Credit easing, then, is a background activity that aids banks and their lending
activities. It is not a plan for direct loans to companies on the point of going
bankrupt for the lack of an affordable overdraft.

As in the US, lending is a problem, in both its available and high cost. It is
not clear the government can do much more than support its existing banks to
increase lending.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 16, 2017

                     THE LION STRENGTH AND FITNESS ACADEMY

                                  ROBIN MILLS
                                   LEEDS ROAD
                                    BRADFORD
                                BRADFORD BD4 7HT


TRADE ADDRESS: 29 Leicester Street, BRADFORD BD4 7HT

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09437429

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 12, 2015
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Barkatali Rajabali Walji, Assistant Solicitor
     ·    Mr Nazaim Hussain, Director + Co Solicitor
     ·    Mohammed Khalil Alam, Police Staff Employee


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Fitness facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93130

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: February 28, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: February 28

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  February 28, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 28, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 12, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  7,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                6,346         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             6,346         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           2,743         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         -         -
Other Current Assets                           2,743         -         -
Total Current Assets                           2,743         -         -
Fixed Assets                                   6,346         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   9,089         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           28/02/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              6,727         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      6,727         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      6,727         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              6,727         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  2,362         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              2,362         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     2,362         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   28/02/201  -  -
                           6
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales                -  -  -
Cost of Sales              -  -  -
Gross Profit               -  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit              -  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed       2,362  -  -
Net Worth              2,362  -  -
Working Capital        -3984  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 15,375 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92629 Other sporting activities not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.26     4.05    21.21
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.79     2.04    13.38
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -3.01     2.23    15.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              48.68    105.7   255.56
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        8.32        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .31        1     1.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            22,385.2 37,485.7 68,194.5
                                                          5                 3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,340.2 20,173.9 43,253.1
                                                          1        1        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  26,207.1 52,902.0 121,853.
                                                          4        6        5
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  55.02       40    26.66



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        0
Year -1  -
=
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    8/02/201 --
                                                           6
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  - --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                - --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           - --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    0.41 --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      0.41 --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                       0.26 --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,362

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: West Yorkshire Community Accounting Services

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 20, 2017

                      FLINT TOWN FOOTBALL IN THE COMMUNITY

                   FLINT TOWN UNITED FOOTBALL AND SOCIAL CLUB
                                   MARSH LANE
                                     FLINT
                                 FLINT CH6 5PJ


TRADE ADDRESS: Flint Town United Football And S Marsh Lane, FLINT CH6 5PJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01352730982

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09549154

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 18, 2015
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Darryl Williams, Company Director
     ·    Michael Joseph Reilly, None
     ·    Keith Barry Roberts, None


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: April 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  April 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 13, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 18, 2016

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                2,482         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             2,482         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           1,525         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         -         -
Other Current Assets                           1,525         -         -
Total Current Assets                           1,525         -         -
Fixed Assets                                   2,482         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   4,007         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/04/201         -         -
                                                   6
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              1,810         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      1,810         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      1,810         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              1,810         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  2,197         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              2,197         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     2,197         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/04/201  -  -
                           6
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales                -  -  -
Cost of Sales              -  -  -
Gross Profit               -  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit              -  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed       2,197  -  -
Net Worth              2,197  -  -
Working Capital         -285  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    0/04/201 --
                                                           6
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       - --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 - --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     - --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  - --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   - --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                - --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           - --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    0.84 --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      0.84 --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                       0.55 --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,197

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        April 1, 2016 Friday 2:50 PM GMT

Stewart Milne Group secures £86m government guarantee for Aberdeen development;

Housebuilder said the £86m government facility secured by its Countesswells
Development Ltd subsidiary will allow the group to begin work on the proposed
3,000 home development

BYLINE: By Scott McCulloch

SECTION: BUSINESS,COMPANY RESULTS & FORECASTS

LENGTH: 523 words


Housebuilder Stewart Milne Group has secured an £86 million UK Government-backed
loan guarantee to fund first phase development of its Countesswells development
in Aberdeen.

The Aberdeen-based housebuilder said it will start work on the development in
April despite "challenging trading conditions in the North East Scotland Market"
as a result of the oil price slump.

The group notes in accounts now filed with Companies House: "In March 2016, the
Infrastructure and Projects Authority (part of HM Treasury) confirmed a UK
Guarantee to the value of £86 million enabling Stewart Milne Group to raise
funds from Lloyds Banking Group and deliver this significant project."

Adding: "The £1bn Countesswells development is a landmark project for our
business and one that we have been working to bring to market for many years.

"We are excited to announce that we will start work on the first phase of this
prestigious new community in April this year."

Stewart Milne Group secured planning consent in 2014 for a 3,000 home, 15 year
development at Countesswells, Aberdeen.

The group notes in full-year accounts, trading conditions in the North East
deteriorated since the June 2015 year-end, though other markets "continue to
show signs of growth as the general UK economy continues to improve".

The announcement on the government funding deal was included in the group's
audited accounts covering the 2015 year to June 30.

Stewart Milne Group said it recently entered into a three year funding facility
with Bank of Scotland which is due to expire on October 31, 2018.

The group adds it is "currently engaged in a collaborative and joint process to
review the repayment profile within the facility with a view to securing land
opportunities and allowing the group to meet its business growth objectives".

"It is anticipated that this process will be concluded by June 2016."

The group notes net debt at the 2015 year end stood at £201 million, up from
£193.8 million in 2014.

Stewart Milne Group reports pre-tax profits for the 2015 year rose to £4.99
million (2014: £3.01 million) and turnover rose 20 per cent to £252.6 million.

However profit figures in the 2014 year had included £1.8 million in one-off
restructuring and wind-down costs.

On a operating level, profits were down 16 per cent to £11.78 million in the
2015 year, down from £14.07 million in 2014 as gross margin dipped three per
cent to 21 per cent.

The group said it built 87 more homes in 2015 for a total of 809 units.

The group notes interest payments on loans and overdrafts were £1.6 million
lower on the prior year to £9.01 million (2014: £10.6 million).

Post year-end Stewart Milne Group also sold a number of non-core asset,
"primarily the sale of its shared equity debtors" with a total book value of
£24.6 million, which were sold for an "initial consideration of £11.3 million".

Additional payments from the asset sale may also be payable, "depending on
future redemption amounts through to 2024".

The group notes: "Current year trading remains positive in Central Scotland and
North West England and we remain optimistic about the Aberdeen market despite
some challenging conditions."

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Aberdeen Evening Express

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

UK Government's £86m boost for city development

BYLINE: Peter Davidson

SECTION: NEWS; OTHER; Others; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 200 words


THE UK government has announced an £86 million investment for a major
development in the North-east.

Lord Dunlop, the UK Parliamentary Under Secretary of State at the Scotland
Office, visited Aberdeen to make the announcement regarding the Countesswells
site, where Stewart Milne Homes will be the primary developers.

The development will see more than 3,000 homes built, with 750 being affordable.
There will also be two new primary schools, a secondary school, a health
facility and retail units.

Lord Dunlop said: "The UK government is providing an £86m loan guarantee that
really unlocks £800m worth of commercial investment in a very exciting housing
development.

"Every time I come to the North-east I hear the same story that there is a
shortage of affordable housing and this deal absolutely addresses that key
requirement."

John Slater, group managing director at Stewart Milne Homes, said: "We are
delighted that, through HM Treasury, we have been successful in securing a
guarantee to support the delivery of Countesswells.

"It is a critical project for the city over the next 15 years, delivering much
needed homes and community facilities that in turn will compliment Aberdeen's
economic growth."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Investing:Stuart MacGregor, Lord Dunlop and John Slater.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EE


                      Copyright 2016 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Troubled California Health Providers May Need to Tap State Loan Fund

                          February 16, 1994, Wednesday

Brad Altman

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Cal-Mortgage - already grappling with the Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing earlier
this month of its largest loan obligor, Triad Healthcare Inc. - has identified
three more health-care providers whose financial troubles could make inroads on
the California-backed loan guarantee program.

Dennis Fenwick, a Cal-Mortgage deputy director, said yesterday the three
providers together have $34.4 million in long-term, tax-exempt obligations
insured by the Cal-Mortgage program, and they may need to be bailed out through
the program's $120.3 million health facilities construction loan insurance fund
sometime this year.

The facilities and amounts insured by Cal-Mortgage are: Lytton Gardens
Convalescent Hospital of Palo Alto, Calif., $13.4 million; Los Medanos Community
Hospital of Pittsburg, Calif., $11.1 million; and Health Care Delivery Systems
of Van Nuys, Calif., $9.9 million.

Cal-Mortgage's loan fund, which grows as premiums are deposited, has been used
only once before, in 1992, to cover a $4.6 million loan.

Cal-Mortgage insures roughly 210 projects in California, valued at $2.02
billion. Fenwick said "there's no worry for bondholders on any of the deals" it
insures because state-issued general obligation debentures secure the debt.

Nevertheless, market participants have raised credit concerns about the
Cal-Mortgage program, run by a division of the office of statewide health
planning and development.

Triad Healthcare's bankruptcy petition prompted Standard & Poor's Corp. to issue
a release Monday saying that it is monitoring the situation. The agency said
Cal-Mortgage "has indicated that three other institutions in its portfolio with
about $50 million of net debt may need support from the fund in fiscal 1994."

Fenwick said he could not immediately explain how the rating agency came up with
its $50 million estimate. Any discussion of troubled loans could vary depending
"on the day of the week" Cal-Mortgage's portfolio is discussed, Fenwick said.

Cal-Mortgage expects that Triad Healthcare's debt service reserves, which
totaled $12.8 million at yearend 1993, will be exhausted by September, and
Cal-Mortgage "may then dip into" its loan fund to pay certificate holders,
Fenwick said.

Regarding other troubled loans, Fenwick said Lytton Gardens Convalescent
Hospital has "exhausted" its debt service reserves; thus, Cal Mortgage may need
to withdraw money from its loan fund to prevent a default.

However, the convalescent hospital has been making payments since December, and
if officials "continue making their payments, there won't be any need for
Cal-Mortgage to pay the trustee anything," Fenwick said.

Los Medanos Community Hospital, meanwhile, "for the first time in the history of
the loan" - insured by Cal-Mortgage in April 1990 - "did not make a payment to
the trustee" last month, Fenwick said. The community hospital as of yearend 1993
had $934,995 in debt service reserves.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 489 words

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              July 15, 2013 Monday

Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

LENGTH: 705 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential. To provide career counselling and recreational
facilities to youth, the Pakistan Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to
construct District Youth Centers (DYC) at divisional headquarters through
community driven development initiatives for organising sports events, youth
mobilization, awareness campaigns. An official of Finance Department told media
on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be established in the existing government
buildings on patterns of universities and colleges to fully tap their hidden
talent. He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year
costing Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose. In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill
Development Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has
planned to launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the
government will bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students
aged 18-25, who undergoes technical training. He said the government would spent
Rs 100 million in current fiscal year. Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being
established to encourage local entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2
million seed money for 50 top business proposals prepared by young business
planning youth that would be assessed through a transparent system of
competition, adding Rs 120 million has been allocated in the budget. The
government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget. Khud Kifalat
interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to which an
interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years. He said the loan
shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors and Rs 2.7 billion
has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14. Madrasa interest free micro
finance credit scheme has been planned under which an interest free loan of Rs
25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12 backward districts to be
selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of Rs 1 billion has been
allocated for this purpose during 2013-14. Ranrra solar energy initiative loan
is also being launched under which a loan upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a
period of 6 years with 1 year grace period shall be granted to bonafide
residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the establishment of employment oriented
businesses in the province with debt-equity ratio of 60:40. The loan shall be
recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been allocated for
this purpose in the budget. Under the Community Driven Local Development
programme, he said a policy and governance framework for community driven local
development is being adopted by the government of KP under which funds would be
directly transferred to the village based organisations/councils that would be
monitored through strict system of performance audit. The EU has allocated Rs 1
billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall be provided by government
of KP. He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for
young people and will generate employment opportunities for them. He said the
government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because their
leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective efforts.
The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 10, 2017 Friday

South Africa Mainstream Renewable Power Khobab Wind (RF) Pty Ltd; Loeriesfontein
2 (RF) Pty Ltd; Noupoort (RF) Pty Ltd; Kangnas (RF) Pty Ltd; and, Perdekraal
East (RF) Pty Ltd

LENGTH: 579  words


Fiscal year: 2017
Status: Proposed
Guarantee holder: Lekela Power B.V.
Investor country: Netherlands
Host country: South Africa
Environmental category: A
Sector: Power
Date SPG disclosed: October 24, 2016
Projected Board date: December 22, 2016
Gross exposure up to : $137 million
Project Type: Non-SIP
Strategic priority area: Energy efficiency and climate change
ESRS: Lekela Wind Energy Facilities
Project description:


This summary covers equity and shareholder loan investments by Lekela Power B.V.
(Lekela) in five wind farm projects (the  Projects ) in the Northern and Western
Cape Provinces in South Africa. The investor has applied for a MIGA guarantee
for equity and shareholder loan investments of total up to $36.5 million and
$109.5 million, respectively, for a period of up to 20 years against the risk of
expropriation, transfer restriction, breach of contract, and war and civil
disturbance.
The proposed projects consist of the construction, ownership, operation and
maintenance of five wind energy generating facilities with capacity ranging from
81MW to 140MW. The electricity output will be sold to Eskom SOC under a 20 year
power purchase agreement. The projects were awarded under Round 3 and Round 4 of
the South African Renewable Energy Independent Power Producers Procurement
program (REIPPP).
Environmental Categorization:
The project is a category A under MIGAs Policy on Environmental and Social
Sustainability due to potentially significant adverse and diverse impacts
related to mortality caused by seasonal and other bird movements across the
project sites and potential loss of habitat of high conservation value. In
addition, there is an incremental risk of cumulative impacts on birds from
several wind farms and solar projects currently under development regionally and
in some cases near the Projects. Click here to view the Environmental and Social
Review Summary.
Development Impact:
Renewable independent power producers have grown rapidly in the past five
years.Although South Africa remains heavily dependent on coal, the government
plan is to have 17.8 gigawatts of renewable capacity by 2030.
Supporting the development of these wind power projects fits in with the
Government of South Africas renewable energy plan of helping develop clean,
renewable and low-cost electricity in the country.The projects are expected to
(i) support the diversification of South Africas energy mix, (ii) contribute to
increased generation capacity (iii) reduce carbon omissions by producing green,
emission-free electricity (iv) create employment opportunities (v) contribute to
local community development through financial benefits generated by the projects
and (vi) provide strong demonstration effects in South Africa and neighboring
countries.

MIGAs support for this project is aligned with the agencys strategic priority in
supporting investments in climate change and in continuing to increase MIGAs
activities in Sub-Sahara
Project completion date : 2018-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : LEKELA POWER B.V.

Address : De Boelelaan 7
Amsterdam,  1083 HJ

Country :Netherlands
Email : info@lekela.com

Url : http://lekela.com /

Financier : MULTILATERAL INVESTMENT GUARANTEE AGENCY (MIGA),

Financier address : Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA)
World Bank Group
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: 1.202.458.2538
Fax: 1.202.522.2630
Email: migainquiry@worldbank.org
https://www.miga.org /

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2017 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 24, 2010 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Foundations offer loans as a way to help nonprofits;
Low-interest tool stretches use of money

BYLINE: By Jay Tokasz - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; FOCUS: Philanthropy; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1174 words


A $650,000 check in 2008 from the Community Health Foundation of Western and
Central New York for a new program to assist the frail elderly in Cattaraugus
County came with a caveat: Trustees of the foundation wanted the money back,
with interest.

A single grant of that size was beyond the capacity of the foundation, so
trustees decided instead to make it a loan.

The money allowed Community Care of Western New York to launch a program that
will keep more than 200 rural elderly people safely in their homes. Without it,
the project probably would have stalled.

"It would not have opened without us, and what is a really promising model for
elder care in a rural community would have been lost," said Ann Monroe,
foundation president.

Increasingly, foundations in Western New York and across the country are turning
to loans, loan guarantees and other measures as a way to aid needy nonprofit
organizations without giving away the store.

The John R. Oishei Foundation, the area's largest private foundation, currently
has more than $12 million -- nearly 4 percent of its $280 million asset base --
being used in this fashion. And at least two other local foundations, the
Margaret L. Wendt Foundation and the Joy Family Foundation, have experimented
with alternative financing.

Known as "program-related investments," or more popularly "PRIs," the loans and
loan guarantees are serving a dual purpose for foundations hammered by stock
market losses in 2008.

PRIs, like grants, put money toward projects that might not otherwise get off
the ground.

But unlike grants, they also generate income with relatively small risk --
research by FSG Social Impact Advisers in Boston found that 96 percent of
foundation loans over the past 40 years had been repaid -- allowing foundations
potentially to fund other nonprofit work.

"Foundation endowments aren't as big as they used to be," noted Monroe. "That
money gets to work more than once in a community."

>'A terrific tool'

The Internal Revenue Service requires that private foundations annually pay out
at least 5 percent of the market value of their assets, as averaged over a
12-month period. Most foundations adhere closely to the 5 percent minimum
payout.

In a bull market, foundations usually are able to meet the IRS requirement
through their earnings, while building larger endowments that can lead to more
grantmaking.

However, when assets fall, in order to survive long term, foundations typically
give less.

PRIs enable them to use more than 5 percent of their worth -- something that
watchdogs have been pushing the grantmaking community to do for years -- without
diminishing assets.

"Why devote only 5 percent and ignore the power of the other 95 percent?" said
Aaron Dorfman, executive director of the National Committee for Responsive
Philanthropy.

When done well, PRIs are "a terrific tool to accomplish important and legitimate
charitable purposes," said Dorfman.

But PRIs require plenty of attention and shouldn't be approached casually, he
added.

They also have added legal and administrative costs associated with them, said
Robert D. Gioia, president of the Oishei Foundation, which has done about a
dozen PRIs over the past five years.

"They're another tool in our basket of philanthropy," said Gioia.

Those PRIs have included outright loans to organizations such as the Buffalo
Niagara Medical Campus, Upstate New York Transplant Services and Artspace
Buffalo, the Main Street lofts project designed as affordable housing, work
space and commercial space for local artists. They also have included loan
guarantees for the Darwin Martin House and the Roycroft Campus in East Aurora.

"It enables us to be a lot more flexible, and in some cases, enables us to put
more money to work in the community," said Gioia.

Meals on Wheels for Western New York approached Oishei trustees in 2008 about
making a $1.2 million grant toward the construction of a new commissary.

The foundation had provided operating money in the past for Meals on Wheels,
which serves more than a million meals a year, and was sympathetic to the need.

But Oishei trustees were watching the stock market free fall take a huge chunk
from the foundation's asset base, while also trying to accommodate a growing
list of worthwhile projects in Western New York.

So they responded with another idea: Instead of a gift, what about a
low-interest loan?

Oishei offered terms Meals on Wheels couldn't refuse -- three years with no
interest and an annual rate of 3 percent after that, payable over 10 years.

"It was obviously better than we could find at any financial institution," said
Benjamin A. Gair III, Meals on Wheels chief executive officer.

Gair acknowledged that his agency would have preferred an outright grant, and he
holds some hope that Oishei trustees might yet convert the loan to a grant.

But, he added, "without their investment, we couldn't have gotten this project
done. That's the reality of it."

The $7.5 million facility opened last September.

>Taking a big plunge

Gioia said Meals on Wheels generates enough revenue to be able to repay the
loan, whereas some nonprofit organizations aren't capable of creating revenue at
all and thus wouldn't be good candidates for PRIs.

Community Care, which operates under the name HomeCare and Hospice in Olean, was
on a tight deadline in 2008 when the foundation stepped in with the loan, which
defers payments for 34 months and allows the agency seven years to repay, at 4
percent interest.

If the agency hadn't received the financing, it likely would have lost a
$500,000 federal grant and ended any hopes for creating a day center where
nursing home-eligible senior citizens can receive medical care and other
services, while still living full time at home.

"These are frail folks," said Carol Mahoney, chief executive officer of
Community Care. "Everybody wants to be at home if they can be. That's the ideal
place."

The Wendt Foundation took the biggest plunge so far, lending $8 million toward
the $12 million restoration of the long-suffering southeast corner of Genesee
and Oak streets.

The vacant buildings at that corner had become a "kind of symbol of Buffalo's
decline," said Doug Swift, principal of Genesee Gateway LLC, the development
company that is partnering with the foundation on the effort.

The foundation recognized the importance of the block as an icon of Buffalo's
history, said Swift.

The trustees also understood that reviving the corner, which serves as a primary
entry point into downtown, provides an opportunity to showcase Buffalo's
potential going forward, he said. Work is scheduled to be completed in August.

The Wendt Foundation, though, won't be repaid for years to come -- one of the
reasons why developers would not have been able to find conventional financing
for the project, said Swift, who declined to specify the exact terms of the loan
arrangement.

"They're allowing the building to mature and pay for itself over time," he said.
"It's a calculated risk. We've got a good feel for the market, and the location
is spectacular."

e-mail: jtokasz@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Kirkham/Buffalo News Sodexo employees prepare hot meals at the
Meals on Wheels location on James Casey Road in Buffalo.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

Harkin Announces More Than $10 Million for Rural Water and Wastewater Systems

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Tom Harkin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator Tom Harkin (D-IA) announced today that Iowa has been awarded a total of
$10,147,000 in grants and loans to upgrade rural water and wastewater systems.
The funding is administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Water
and Environmental Programs (WEP). Senator Harkin is a senior member of the
Appropriations subcommittee that funds the USDA.

[#x200e]

"Ensuring that our communities have access to clean, safe water is a critical
part of keeping Iowans healthy," said Harkin. "Today's funding helps keep this
basic need within reach for even our most rural communities."

WEP provides loans, grants, and loan guarantees for drinking water, sanitary
sewer, solid waste and storm drainage facilities in rural areas and cities and
towns of 10,000 or less. Details of the funding are below.

Southern Iowa Rural Water Association- $4,371,000 grant and an additional
$5,699,000 loan for water system improvement.
    University of Northern Iowa- $77,000 grant for solid waste technical
assistance.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                               September 10, 2008

Victor T-shirt design company looks to expands to Midwest

BYLINE: IBR staff report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 176  words


A Victor, Idaho, T-shirt design company will be opening a production facility
near Mt. Vernon, Ill., soon.

According to news reports, High Ridge Designs, LLC which caters to a niche
market selling, designing and creating resort T-shirts and sweat shirts received
committee approval for a $120,000 loan this past week to pay for equipment in a
new production facility.

The company will be leasing a 21,000-square-foot section of building and has
already shipped some equipment to the site. High Ridge Designs will not be
accepting local orders for T-shirts, concentrating on its developed market.

The committee approved a $120,000 loan at 2.75 percent interest for seven years.
The loan will be secured with the equipment and a personal guarantee from Hondo
Miller and his wife. The recommendation from the committee will go to the City
Council for final consideration.

Miller said all revenue generated in the new facility will stay in the
community. Currently the company ships products to the East Coast, and having a
central printing plant will cut down costs.



LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2015 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                  May 12, 2015

                          DARLINGTON MEDIA GROUP CO-OP

                          LOOP GILL COTTAGE SOUTH SIDE
                                  BUTTERKNOWLE
                                   CO. DURHAM
                               Darlington DL1 1ED


TRADE ADDRESS: The Bridge Yarm Road, Darlington DL1 1ED

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07941740

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 8, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Ms Louise Anne Maddison, Self Employed
     ·    Mr James Edward Lycett, Retired University Lecturer
     ·    Patricia Florence Maycroft, Retired Teacher
     ·    Jason Matthew Berge, Cinematographer
     ·    Paul James Dillon, Artist/tutor
     ·    Geoffrey Dodds, Retired Logistics Officer - Pharmac
     ·    Hugh Mortimer, Driver/escort
     ·    Ms Rosemary Jayne Thornton, Community Teacher
     ·    Mrs Dorothy Dodds, Retired Personnel Officer - Educati
     ·    Mr William Peter Lycett, Retired Engineer Teacher


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    DOROTHYDODDS


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2014
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2014
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 9, 2014
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 8, 2015
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201         -
                                                   4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                6,000     9,000         -
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         -
Total Fixed Assets                             6,000     9,000         -
Stocks                                             0         0         -
Debtors                                            0         0         -
Cash                                          34,000     2,000         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         -
Other Current Assets                          34,000     2,000         -
Total Current Assets                          34,000     2,000         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         -
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  40,000    11,000         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201         -
                                                   4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         -
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              1,000     1,000         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         -
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      1,000     1,000         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              1,000     1,000         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            14,000    14,000         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 25,000     -4000         -
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         -
Shareholder Funds                             39,000    10,000         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    39,000    10,000         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201  -
                           4         3
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales                -         -  -
Cost of Sales              -         -  -
Gross Profit               -         -  -
Operating Profit           -         -  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          -         -  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit              -         -  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax           -         -  -
Dividends Payable          -         -  -
Retained Profits           -         -  -
Value Added                -         -  -
Capital Employed      39,000    10,000  -
Net Worth             39,000    10,000  -
Working Capital       33,000     1,000  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees             0         0  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -    264      -
Current Assets          -  1,600      -
Current                 -      0      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -    290      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,560 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2014)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -5.86     0.91    26.32
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.64     0.00    12.74
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.64     0.00    10.08
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              58.11   140.41   296.54
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.66     0.88     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.50     1.03     2.20
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,774.1 17,426.3 22,397.7
                                                          3        0        9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,240.9 52,951.6 80,077.8
                                                          1        2        3
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.70    31.19    21.54



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                      54
=
Year -2                                       -
=
Year -3                                       -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/03/201 31/03/201 -
                                                           4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       -         - -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 -         - -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     -         - -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  -         - -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                -         - -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           -         - -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   34.00      2.00 -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     34.00      2.00 -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                       0.98      0.91 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          -         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     -         - -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            -         - -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    -         - -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -         - -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  -         - -
Creditors / Debtors                                        -         - -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 39,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Clive Owen & Co LLP

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           January 5, 2011 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS BRIEFS; Pg. A-8

LENGTH: 704 words


Delta adds daily Pittsburgh to Boston flights

Delta Air Lines said Tuesday that it would add three daily nonstop flights to
Boston from Pittsburgh International Airport starting April 1. Flights will
depart from Pittsburgh at 7 a.m., noon and 5:40 p.m. Return flights from Boston
will leave at 9:30 a.m., 3:05 p.m. and 8:10 p.m. Spokesman Trebor Banstetter
said Delta decided to add the flights based on expected demand. With the new
service, Delta will operate 36 flights a day to eight cities, including Paris,
from Pittsburgh. The Boston flights will be served by a 50-seat regional jet.

Construction contracts' value falls in November

The value of contracts for future construction in the Pittsburgh region fell by
28 percent in November, McGraw-Hill Construction reported. The value of all
residential and nonresidential contracts was $72.9 million, down from $100.7
million in November 2009. For the first 11 months of 2010, contracts were 9
percent ahead of the same period in 2009 with a total value of $1.78 billion, up
from $1.63 billion the prior year. The region includes Allegheny, Armstrong,
Beaver, Butler, Fayette, Washington and Westmoreland counties.

EQT to put $400M-plus into Marcellus Shale drilling

Natural gas producer EQT Corp. said it expected to invest $413 million this year
in drilling 86 wells in the Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania and West Virginia,
and $69 million for gathering natural gas from the shale formation. The
company's total capital expenditure budget for 2011 is $970 million. EQT also
announced it was selling its natural gas processing complex in Langley, Ky.,
together with an associated natural gas liquids pipeline, for $230 million to
MarkWest Energy Partners L.P. of Denver.

HUD OKs $20M in loan guarantees to 84 Lumber

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Tuesday approved $20
million in loan guarantees for the financially troubled home-building giant 84
Lumber. County commissioners in Washington County voted last fall to help 84
Lumber restructure $55 million in debt. Washington County will guarantee a $5
million loan for the company, while the state will guarantee $15 million.

IKEA takes incandescent light bulbs off U.S. shelves

Home d?cor and furniture company IKEA is no longer stocking or selling
incandescent light bulbs in its U.S. stores, instead offering longer-lasting and
energy-efficient bulbs. The retailer began phasing out the sale of the light
bulbs in August.

Lewis-Goetz acquires EVCO and Industrial Rubber

Lewis-Goetz and Co., an industrial distributor with a facility in Findlay, said
it acquired two businesses: EVCO House of Hose, which fabricates and distributes
industrial hose products and is based in Salt Lake City; and Industrial Rubber &
Supply, a distributor of gaskets, seals and hose assemblies based in Decatur,
Ala. Terms were not disclosed.

FNB, Comm Bancorp close on merger

FNB Corp. in Hermitage said it completed the previously announced merger with
Comm Bancorp in Clarks Summit in northeastern Pennsylvania. FNB said it expected
to convert the Community Bank & Trust branches to its First National Bank of
Pennsylvania system on Feb. 19.

LeNature's professional negligence suit dismissed

A judge has dismissed a lawsuit that alleged lawyers and accountants for
LeNature's, a Latrobe bottling company, failed to detect fraud by LeNature's
former CEO. Marc Kirschner, the trustee for bankrupt LeNature's, sued law firm
K&L Gates, firm partner Sanford Ferguson, accounting firm Pascarella & Wiker and
its principal Carl Wiker, alleging professional negligence when they
investigated LeNature's finances in 2003. The trustee sought $500 million in
damages. The Legal Intelligencer reported that Allegheny County Common Pleas
Judge R. Stanton Wettick Jr. dismissed the lawsuit.

Also in business ...

The average price of a gallon of unleaded gasoline in Western Pennsylvania
remained virtually unchanged, according to the AAA Fuel Gauge. Tuesday's price
was $3.145, compared with $3.144 a week ago. A year ago, the price was $2.704.
... Monroeville-based Parkvale Savings Bank said it and controller Linda K.
Butia "mutually agreed" that she resign. The departure was effective Dec. 29,
the bank said in a regulatory filing on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 19, 2017

                             Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank

                        Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank Building
                                 Abu Dhabi City
                              United Arab Emirates

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank (ADIB) is a banking and financial services provider.
The bank provides a range of personal, wholesale, business, and Islamic banking
solutions with prime focus on small and medium businesses, individuals,
corporate and institutional customers, and high net worth individuals. Its
portfolio of products includes individual and business accounts; deposits; boat,
car, education, shares, tamweel and travel finance; covered cards; business,
vehicle, asset and working capital finance; and letter of credit. The bank
offers wholesale banking solutions, wealth management advisory, foreign
exchange, check processing services, transaction banking services, private
banking, trustee services, loan syndication, money market brokerage, trading and
treasury services. ADIB provides electronic banking services including mobile,
Internet and SMS banking services. It also focuses on acquisition, development,
sale, and lease of land and buildings; and management and resale of properties.
The bank has operations in the UK, the UAE, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Qatar and
Sudan. ADIB is headquartered in Dubai, the UAE.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



ADIB is focused on providing banking and financial services in the UAE. The bank
specializes in offering personal, wholesale, business, and Islamic banking
solutions in the UK, the UAE, Iraq, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Sudan.. It
also provides financing solutions including loans and advances to its clients
across various sectors such as real estate and construction, manufacturing,
government and public sector, financial institutions, energy, and service
sectors. The key customers of the bank include individuals, government,
corporate, small and medium businesses, high net worth individuals and
institutional clients. As on December 31, 2014, ADIB operated through a network
of 88 branches and 680 ATMs in the UAE.

The bank classifies its operations into six reportable divisions: Retail
Banking, Wholesale Banking, Private Banking, Capital Markets, Real estate and
Other Operations.

Under the Retail Banking division, the bank offers various personal and
commercial banking products and services to individual customers and small and
medium businesses, respectively. As on December 31, 2014, the bank had a
customer base of 775,000. The various retail and commercial banking products and
services offered by the bank comprise savings and current accounts, electron,
recurring investment accounts; deposits; and boat, car, education, shares,
tamweel and travel finance. It also provides consumer and commercial murabahats,
ijarah, islamic card, and funds transfer facilities and trade finance
facilities. The bank also provides Internet, mobile, phone and SMS banking
services. In FY2014, the Retail Banking division reported revenue of AED2,929.2
million, which accounted for 63.9% of the bank's total revenue.

Under the Wholesale Banking division, the bank handles and manages the
financing, credit facilities, deposit and current accounts for corporate and
institutional clients. Its service offerings include transaction banking
services such as account management, payments and disbursements, collections and
receivables, liquidity management structures, payroll, cash collection,
corporate actions, procurement cards, and guarantees, and imports, exports,
guarantees and letter of credit. This division also provides shari'a compliant
products, corporate and community banking solutions, cash management, project
finance advisory, syndications, and structured finance solutions. In FY2014, the
Wholesale Banking division reported revenue of AED1,266.2 million, which
accounted for 27.6% of the bank's total revenue.

Through the Private Banking division, the bank handles and manages the
financing, deposit and current accounts for high net worth individual customers.
In FY2014, the Private Banking division reported revenue of AED177.7 million,
which accounted for 3.9% of the bank's total revenue.

Under the Capital Markets division, the bank provides money market brokerage,
trading and treasury services. It also manages its funding operations through
investment deposits. In FY2014, the Capital Markets division reported revenue of
AED133.2 million, which accounted for 2.9% of the bank's total revenue.

The bank's Real estate division focuses on acquisition, development, sale, and
lease of land and buildings; and management and resale of properties. In FY2014,
the Real Estate division reported revenue of AED67.2 million, which accounted
for 1.5% of the bank's total revenue.

The Other Operations division of the bank comprises the activities of head
office, foreign branches and subsidiaries other than above divisions. In FY2014,
the Other Operations division reported revenue of AED9.5 million, which
accounted for 0.2% of the bank's total revenue.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 8, 2010 Saturday

Glendale talks with Ice Edge to keep Dogs in desert;
Canadian billionaire Thomson reportedly awaiting chance to move club to Winnipeg

BYLINE: DAVID SHOALTS

SECTION: SPORTS; HOCKEY / NHL / COYOTES; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 696 words


As fans in Winnipeg held their breath about the possibility of the return of
their former NHL team, officials from the city of Glendale talked to Ice Edge
Holdings LLC about reviving their arena-lease proposal in a last-ditch effort to
hang on to the Phoenix Coyotes.

Glendale officials would like to have a new memorandum of understanding with Ice
Edge, a group of Canadian and American businessmen, ready in time for Tuesday's
city council meeting. The proposal could then be discussed and voted on by the
council, which rejected a deal with Ice Edge last month by a 5-1 vote and
accepted one from Jerry Reinsdorf by a unanimous 6-0 vote.

Glendale turned to Ice Edge again when negotiations over a formal lease
agreement for Jobing.com Arena broke down with Reinsdorf, the owner of the
Chicago Bulls and Chicago White Sox. The problems with the Reinsdorf proposal
were his demand for an escape clause after five years if the club did not make
money and the enormous subsidies the lease called for from bonds and levies in a
"communities facilities district" created around the arena.

A source familiar with the lease negotiations said a decision by Ice Edge to
drop a demand from its original proposal that the city guarantee its bank loan
is helping the latest round of talks. Bill Daly, deputy commissioner of the NHL,
said the league has not agreed to guarantee any loans for Ice Edge.

In the meantime, the agenda for Tuesday's meeting showed city manager Ed Beasley
is negotiating with the NHL, which owns the team, to keep the Coyotes in
Glendale for one more season. Council will be asked for a for a 'consent vote'
that Beasley can negotiate whatever is needed to conform to "NHL guidelines" to
prevent the team from moving next season. The NHL can legally break the arena
lease and move the club June 30 if no buyer is found. No details were given but
it looks like the NHL wants the situation wrapped up in a few weeks so Winnipeg
will know soon if it will be back in the NHL.

However, there are indications Ice Edge, with the support of the NHL, wants the
city to cover the club's operating losses, which would create more problems with
Arizona laws that do not allow public money to be used excessively to prop up
failing private businesses.

There were reports the NHL is ready to turn to Canadian billionaire David
Thomson and his partner in the MTS Centre in Winnipeg, Mark Chipman, if the sale
to either Reinsdorf or Ice Edge falls through. A report from the CBC says
Chipman and Thomson will get financial help from the Manitoba government for the
purchase, which is said to be $165-million (all currency U.S.). Thomson and
Chipman have talked to the NHL about buying the Coyotes and moving them back to
Winnipeg, 14 years after the Jets went south to become the Phoenix Coyotes.

Chipman's company, which operates the arena in Winnipeg and owns the Manitoba
Moose of the American Hockey League, issued a carefully worded statement on
Friday.

"We will continue to respect the efforts of all parties involved to maintain the
Coyotes in Arizona, including those of the National Hockey League," the
statement said. "As we have stated many times in the past, if that situation
changes, we are certainly open to reviewing the opportunity with the NHL."

As for Thomson, who would carry the financial burden of buying the Coyotes, the
True North statement said "Mr. Thomson is however aware of the situation
involving the National Hockey League in Glendale and is very supportive of True
North's efforts to return the NHL to Winnipeg, should the opportunity arise."

There is also the possibility that if the Coyotes go back to Winnipeg, the Moose
will move to Thunder Bay, Ont. Ice Edge chairman Keith McCullough is from
Thunder Bay and has said he wants to bring professional hockey to his hometown.

A source familiar with Glendale council's dealings with the NHL said the league
is putting a lot of pressure on the politicians. The league wants the city to
agree quickly to a lease agreement with either Ice Edge or Reinsdorf or it will
sell the club to someone who would move it, the source said.

Daly denied the league is playing hardball with Glendale.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 23, 2012 Monday

Proposed grant changes raise concerns

BYLINE: Kevin Wilson, Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 695 words


July 23--Count the Eastern Plains Council of Governments as one of numerous
entities against a proposed change on Community Development Block Grant rules.

The change would introduce to the state the Housing and Urban Development's
Section 108 loan guarantee program. The program offers government entities a
loan to fund economic development or the rehabilitation of housing or public
facilities -- an intent EPCOG officials aren't against.

The catch is that if a government entitity defaults on such a loan, payment
would come through future awards from HUD's Community Development Block Grants
-- awards of up to $500,000 annually, which have helped fund projects such as a
sewer line upgrade on Martin Luther King Boulevard in Clovis or the Melrose
Health Clinic.

Executive Director Sandy Chancey advised members of EPCOG's executive committee
during a Monday morning meeting that she and Economic and Community Development
Planner Raymond Mondragon plan to be at meeting today in Santa Fe to speak in
opposition to the proposal. Chancey said such a change could have disastrous
consequences.

"We can't afford even one loan to default in that program," Chancey said. "I
would like another tool in the toolbox. This one has tremendous risk, and I'm
not comfortable with it."

Mondragon said that ahead of the meeting in Santa Fe, numerous entities --
including the New Mexico Municipal League -- have passed resolutions in
opposition to the rule change.

In other business at the meeting:

-- The committee approved changes to the personnel policy, and were asked to
make a choice on employment terms.

Chancey said the policy included a section on qualifications for dismissal and a
section that states EPCOG employees are at-will employees. Having both sections
would create a conflict, as at-will employees can be removed for any reason, or
no stated reason at all.

By statute, Chancey is an at-will employee, but said she would leave the matter
up to the board. The board decided to keep the section on at-will employees,
noting that the policy also included a section on filing a grievance.

-- Chancey said that draft copies of EPCOG's 2006, 2007 and 2008 audits are now
available and the same will soon be completed for the 2009 and 2010 audits.
Also, an auditor will visit the following week to start the 2011 audit process.

"I live for the day when you no longer have an audit item on every single agenda
for every single meeting," Chancey said.

-- The committee unanimously approved a recommendation to sell a 2005 Toyota
truck EPCOG owns. The truck, which is in good shape with 93,500 miles, is the
council's third vehicle.

"It's basically a vehicle we don't need," Chancey said.

The recommendation still requires approval from the full EPCOG board. The truck
was originally purchased for $15,000, and Chancey said the Kelley Blue Book
value is approximately $14,000.

-- Alvin Maestas, a Santa Rosa city councilor and Guadalupe County commissioner,
said the county and city has appreciated the support from EPCOG during its
current and sudden fiscal crisis.

According to the Guadalupe County Communicator, Santa Rosa has consistently used
a monthly $160,000 disbursement of gross receipts tax revenues from the state to
pay city operating costs. But last month, the state did not deliver that payment
and informed the city that it owed the state more than $1.2 million to cover a
refund given to an unidentified taxpayer in Guadalupe County. Additionally, that
taxpayer would not contribute monthly revenues going forward.

The city government has scheduled a 6 p.m. meeting Tuesday at Santa Rosa City
Hall to make heavy spending cuts.

"We're (likely) going to have to cut nine or 10 people," Maestas said. "It's
going to be tough."

-- Chancey said she is still looking into interest from the Arch-Hurley
Conservation District to join the council.

Chancey said EPCOG has never had a conservation district on board before, and is
looking at other councils to figure out how to treat them in regards to dues and
board representation.

___ (c)2012 the Clovis News Journal (Clovis, N.M.) Visit the Clovis News Journal
(Clovis, N.M.) at www.cnjonline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120723-CJ-Proposed-grant-changes-raise-concerns-0723-20120723

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2012 Clovis News Journal


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           January 7, 2009 Wednesday

Don't call it a bailout

BYLINE: Jim Snyder

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 479 words


An $18.5 billion federal loan guarantee program intended to revitalize the
nuclear energy industry certainly got that sector's attention. The Energy
Department announced last fall that it received applications from 17 power
companies to build 14 nuclear power plants. The companies sought a total of $122
billion in loan guarantees.

One doesn't have to be a nuclear engineer to see a disconnect between what's
being sought and what's being offered. So it's not surprising to learn that
lobbyists for nuclear power plan to begin lobbying Congress this year to raise
the cap on the guarantee program to around $100 billion. But don't call it a
bailout. These are loan guarantees, not loans, industry lobbyists point out.
Although budget rules require lawmakers to appropriate some money as a hedge
against a default, they don't have to come up with the total. Representatives
for the Nuclear Energy Institute (NEI) told reporters in a briefing late last
year that the number of applications is good news. It shows power companies are
serious about building new plants. There hadn't been a new application to
construct a nuclear power plant in three decades, although 17 are now before the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission for review. With Congress getting serious about
limiting greenhouse gas emissions to curb global warming, nuclear power plants,
which don't emit carbon dioxide when operating, may be on the verge of a
renaissance. Not all 17 applications will be built, but the industry foresees
four to eight new plants by 2018. What's more, the revival could extend to
Washington. Alex Flint, NEI's lead lobbyist, called the level of political
support for the industry, including from the two presidential candidates,
"remarkable." But if nuclear power is no longer the boogeyman it was after the
Three Mile Island accident, it still faces a big hurdle that critics say is
highlighted by the popularity of the loan guarantee program - i.e., financing.
Loan guarantees, industry backers argue, will help power companies get favorable
financing rates with savings ultimately being passed on to consumers. But cost
estimates for nuclear power plants are soaring, and investors are still nervous
about backing an industry with a history of cost overruns, critics say. "It
shows the financial community is not willing to put its money up to pay for
these plants," said David Schlissel, of Synapse Energy Economics, an energy
research and consulting firm. The question lawmakers will have to answer, when
it comes to nuclear power, is whether there are less expensive ways to address
global warming, Schlissel said. They don't have to answer that question
immediately, because nuclear power plants won't be ready to be built in a few
years. Still, how much the government should support nuclear power will likely
be one more energy issue President-elect Obama will have to tackle.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2009 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                              June 8, 2004 Tuesday

Private pledges near $500,000;
Better York joins group guaranteeing bond debt

BYLINE: By WENDI HIMMELRIGHT The York Dispatch

SECTION: TOP STORIES

LENGTH: 652 words


While plans for a baseball stadium at Small Athletic Field unraveled last night,
a campaign for community support of a York County bond guarantee continued to
gain momentum.

The county commissioners now have commitments for almost half a million dollars
annually from the private sector to guarantee 10 years of annual $1.1 million
bond payments.

"Of course we'd like to see more, since we have the concern from the county
residents they would be left holding the bill," said President Commissioner Lori
Mitrick. "But I think this is a tremendous response from the private
sector."Mitrick said Tom Wolf, president of the Wolf Organization and chairman
of Better York, told her yesterday that Better York would guarantee $200,000 a
year in bond payments.The group represents 45 local businesses, and will ask
those entities to back Better York's guarantee, Mitrick said.Wolf could not be
reached for comment this morning."I don't think the stadium issue in York County
is over," Mitrick said. "I think the proponents of it have to regroup. There are
other reasonable alternatives [sites]. I just hope this activity occurs quickly
and a decision can be made and move forward."The county has been asked to
guarantee a 10-year, $9 million bond toward the stadium's $24 million
construction cost, which would require annual debt repayments of $1.1 million.
It is expected to be repaid with $800,000 in annual skybox leases and from
selling the naming rights to the stadium. The state had promised a $12 million
matching grant for the project, and the York City School Board was going to chip
in $3 million. Last night, the school board unanimously voted to renovate Small
Athletic Field on its own.That means a different site for the stadium will have
to be found, and the project is down $6 million MDSH> $3 million from the
district and $3 million from the state's matching funds.County Commissioner
Steve Chronister said he thinks the project can be done for $18 million, partly
because some of the $24 million stadium construction cost was to make
improvements to the school district's fields at the site and add other
amenities.He expects the business community and the city to carry the banner for
the project now, though Mitrick said the county will continue to monitor the
project's progress.As proposed, Keystone State Professional Baseball would own
and field an independent Atlantic League team at the proposed stadium and make
the bond payments.A municipal guarantee is needed to obtain a lower interest
rate, but county residents have been overwhelmingly opposed to the idea because
of the chance taxpayers would have to pick up the bill if the baseball team
defaults on the loan.Last week, Chronister suggested the way around the dilemma
was for the county to guarantee the bond, but then ask the public to guarantee
those payments.Just like co-signing a loan, guarantors will only have to spend
money if Keystone fails to make a bond payment and the county is forced to
assume the responsibility.In addition to the large guarantee from Better York,
the commissioners said they have secured personal guarantees for $240,000 of the
$800,000 in stadium skybox leases. Those payments will be made whether or not
professional baseball succeeds at the stadium.Mitrick said many of the companies
that have personally guaranteed their skyboxes are the same ones that have
committed to Better YorkThe three commissioners as a group committed $5,000 in
guarantees, city council members have committed $1,600, and several residents
have said they are considering the idea.That brings the county almost to the
midway point for guaranteeing its commitment, Chronister said. MDSH> Reach Wendi
Himmel right at whimmelright@yorkdispatch.com

class=subscribelink
'https://webgateway.inyork.com/CBWebserver/subscription.html'>Subscribe Now!

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 York Newspapers, Inc.


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                December 8, 2014

HUD Seeks Buyer for Austin-Area Medical Center After Default

BYLINE: Richard Williamson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10 Vol. 39 No. 12

LENGTH: 358  words


The Department of Housing and Urban Development is seeking a buyer for Lakeway
Regional Medical Center after the two-year-old suburban Austin hospital
defaulted on a $164 million mortgage loan that carried a federal guarantee.

The loan guarantee, announced in 2010, was the largest the federal agency had
ever provided for a for-profit health care facility, according to the Austin
American-Statesman.

HUD officials called the default "an exceedingly rare" event, according to the
Statesman. The agency took over the hospital in October.

HUD' 2010 loan guarantee was expected to save the hospital $91.2 million in
interest. Investors' HUD application said that Lakeway lacked a hospital, making
the residential area around Lake Travis west of Austin medically "underserved."

Investors cited a study showing the hospital would provide access to a primary
service area with an estimated 243,000 residents by 2016. The 100-bed hospital,
which cost $210 million, was also marketed as an economic engine to spur retail
and other development.

Just months after opening in April 2012, Lakeway Regional suffered cash
shortages. In August 2013, the hospital missed its first mortgage payment and
landed in default, HUD officials said. After that, the loan changed hands to
Greystone Servicing Corp. Inc. In September, HUD took over from Greystone.

On Sept. 17, HUD paid Greystone $154.6 million, 90% of the amount owed,
according to the Statesman. The other 10% will be paid when HUD receives all of
the ownership documents, officials told the paper.

Since 1968, the Federal Housing Administration, an agency operating under HUD,
has insured 358 mortgages to hospitals throughout the nation, 45 within the past
five years.

Moody's Investors Service cited the planned hospital as a factor in upgrading
the city of Lakewood to Aa3 from A1 on April 7, 2010.

Lakeway is about 15 miles northwest of Austin on the shores of Lake Travis, with
a small but affluent population of about 11,200. Traditionally a lake home
community with higher-end homes, the city's assessed value increased to $2.74
billion in 2010 and averaged 16.3% annual growth over the previous five years.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                December 2, 2014

HUD Seeks Buyer for Austin-Area Medical Center After Default

BYLINE: Richard Williamson

SECTION: SERVICING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 358  words


The Department of Housing and Urban Development is seeking a buyer for Lakeway
Regional Medical Center after the two-year-old suburban Austin hospital
defaulted on a $164 million mortgage loan that carried a federal guarantee.

The loan guarantee, announced in 2010, was the largest the federal agency had
ever provided for a for-profit health care facility, according to the Austin
American-Statesman.

HUD officials called the default "an exceedingly rare" event, according to the
Statesman. The agency took over the hospital in October.

HUD' 2010 loan guarantee was expected to save the hospital $91.2 million in
interest. Investors' HUD application said that Lakeway lacked a hospital, making
the residential area around Lake Travis west of Austin medically "underserved."

Investors cited a study showing the hospital would provide access to a primary
service area with an estimated 243,000 residents by 2016. The 100-bed hospital,
which cost $210 million, was also marketed as an economic engine to spur retail
and other development.

Just months after opening in April 2012, Lakeway Regional suffered cash
shortages. In August 2013, the hospital missed its first mortgage payment and
landed in default, HUD officials said. After that, the loan changed hands to
Greystone Servicing Corp. Inc. In September, HUD took over from Greystone.

On Sept. 17, HUD paid Greystone $154.6 million, 90% of the amount owed,
according to the Statesman. The other 10% will be paid when HUD receives all of
the ownership documents, officials told the paper.

Since 1968, the Federal Housing Administration, an agency operating under HUD,
has insured 358 mortgages to hospitals throughout the nation, 45 within the past
five years.

Moody's Investors Service cited the planned hospital as a factor in upgrading
the city of Lakewood to Aa3 from A1 on April 7, 2010.

Lakeway is about 15 miles northwest of Austin on the shores of Lake Travis, with
a small but affluent population of about 11,200. Traditionally a lake home
community with higher-end homes, the city's assessed value increased to $2.74
billion in 2010 and averaged 16.3% annual growth over the previous five years.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Pakistan: Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

LENGTH: 742 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, July 16 -- The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven
development schemes for motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on
construction of district youth centres, stipend for jobless and launching of
skill development programme to make best use of their potential. To provide
career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns. An official of Finance Department told media on Monday that Youth
Marakaz will be established in the existing government buildings on patterns of
universities and colleges to fully tap their hidden talent. He said work on
these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose. In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill
Development Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has
planned to launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the
government will bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students
aged 18-25, who undergoes technical training. He said the government would spent
Rs 100 million in current fiscal year. Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being
established to encourage local entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2
million seed money for 50 top business proposals prepared by young business
planning youth that would be assessed through a transparent system of
competition, adding Rs 120 million has been allocated in the budget. The
government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget. Khud Kifalat
interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to which an
interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years. He said the loan
shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors and Rs 2.7 billion
has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14. Madrasa interest free micro
finance credit scheme has been planned under which an interest free loan of Rs
25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12 backward districts to be
selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of Rs 1 billion has been
allocated for this purpose during 2013-14. Ranrra solar energy initiative loan
is also being launched under which a loan upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a
period of 6 years with 1 year grace period shall be granted to bonafide
residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the establishment of employment oriented
businesses in the province with debt-equity ratio of 60:40. The loan shall be
recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been allocated for
this purpose in the budget. Under the Community Driven Local Development
programme, he said a policy and governance framework for community driven local
development is being adopted by the government of KP under which funds would be
directly transferred to the village based organisations/councils that would be
monitored through strict system of performance audit. The EU has allocated Rs 1
billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall be provided by government
of KP. He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for
young people and will generate employment opportunities for them. He said the
government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because their
leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective efforts.
The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                            August 04, 2015 Tuesday

CGC to increase 2015 SME loan guarantee by 10% to 15%

BYLINE: Kavithah Rakwan

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 514 words


Credit Guarantee Corp Malaysia Bhd (CGC) is reassessing its small and medium
enterprise (SME) financing target for this year to provide an additional 10% to
15% fi- nancing from the RM3 billion targeted initially.

CGC's president and CEO Mohd Zamree Mohd Ishak said for the first-half of 2015
(1H15), the company has already approved RM2.2 billion worth of financing to
3,100 SMEs, exceeding its target by 4.9%.

"The period of January to June this year has been very encouraging for SMEs
despite the challenging business con- ditions. We are seeing greater support
from banks as well as keen interest from the SME sector.

"The RM2.2 billion approved represents 105% of our year- to-date target, so, we
are reassessing to increase our disbursement by an additional 10% to 15% from
the initial target of RM3 billion," Zamree told reporters in Kuala Lumpur
yesterday.

Zamree, however, said CGC and the banks are mindful of the challenges ahead and
are managing risks carefully by being selective.

"We are not financing those that are only going to last for a few months or a
couple of years. The key is the plans that these SMEs have.

"We are supporting those who have genuine needs to open up new business or to
enhance their productivity," he said.

Going into 2H15, Zamree said while the economy is expected to be challenging,
the SME community is in a better position to "weather the storm" than in the
past.

Zamree said in line with CGC's target to increase its loan approval, the company
will be launching two additional products in the fourth- quarter of 2015.

"As it has yet to be finalised, we can only reveal that one of the product is
meant to cater for suppliers and the other is a scheme for selected groups of
special segments," he said.

Among its existing products is the BizMula-I financing product for startups
which was launched in May last year.

The product is catered for startup businesses with less than three years in
operation and neither collateral nor track record will be needed.

"As at July 2015, we have approved 570 applications va- lued at RM46 million,
surpassing our initial target of providing RM30 million.

"Now, we are looking at increasing the fund size to RM65 million," said Zamree.

In terms of speed, Zamree said the company has been processing and disbursing
the loans faster with almost 100% of the loans under the Portfo- lio Guarantee
were approved within three days.

"Overall, we achieved 91% of our turnaround target. In terms of claims payment,
it is almost 100%," he said.

In terms of Bumiputra fi- nancing, CGC has approved 1,300 loans valued at RM510
million (representing 99% of its year-to-date target) as at June 30.

The 2015 target is RM900 million to 2,750 Bumiputra SMEs.

CGC was established in 1972, and its shareholders include Bank Negara Malaysia
(major shareholder) and commercial banks.

Its core business focus is to assist SMEs that are without or that have
inadequate colla- teral and track record to obtain credit facilities.

It does so by providing guarantee cover on such faci- lities extended by
financial institutions.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                            August 04, 2015 Tuesday

CGC to increase 2015 SME loan guarantee by 10% to 15%

BYLINE: Kavithah Rakwan

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 514 words


Credit Guarantee Corp Malaysia Bhd (CGC) is reassessing its small and medium
enterprise (SME) financing target for this year to provide an additional 10% to
15% fi- nancing from the RM3 billion targeted initially.

CGC's president and CEO Mohd Zamree Mohd Ishak said for the first-half of 2015
(1H15), the company has already approved RM2.2 billion worth of financing to
3,100 SMEs, exceeding its target by 4.9%.

"The period of January to June this year has been very encouraging for SMEs
despite the challenging business con- ditions. We are seeing greater support
from banks as well as keen interest from the SME sector.

"The RM2.2 billion approved represents 105% of our year- to-date target, so, we
are reassessing to increase our disbursement by an additional 10% to 15% from
the initial target of RM3 billion," Zamree told reporters in Kuala Lumpur
yesterday.

Zamree, however, said CGC and the banks are mindful of the challenges ahead and
are managing risks carefully by being selective.

"We are not financing those that are only going to last for a few months or a
couple of years. The key is the plans that these SMEs have.

"We are supporting those who have genuine needs to open up new business or to
enhance their productivity," he said.

Going into 2H15, Zamree said while the economy is expected to be challenging,
the SME community is in a better position to "weather the storm" than in the
past.

Zamree said in line with CGC's target to increase its loan approval, the company
will be launching two additional products in the fourth- quarter of 2015.

"As it has yet to be finalised, we can only reveal that one of the product is
meant to cater for suppliers and the other is a scheme for selected groups of
special segments," he said.

Among its existing products is the BizMula-I financing product for startups
which was launched in May last year.

The product is catered for startup businesses with less than three years in
operation and neither collateral nor track record will be needed.

"As at July 2015, we have approved 570 applications va- lued at RM46 million,
surpassing our initial target of providing RM30 million.

"Now, we are looking at increasing the fund size to RM65 million," said Zamree.

In terms of speed, Zamree said the company has been processing and disbursing
the loans faster with almost 100% of the loans under the Portfo- lio Guarantee
were approved within three days.

"Overall, we achieved 91% of our turnaround target. In terms of claims payment,
it is almost 100%," he said.

In terms of Bumiputra fi- nancing, CGC has approved 1,300 loans valued at RM510
million (representing 99% of its year-to-date target) as at June 30.

The 2015 target is RM900 million to 2,750 Bumiputra SMEs.

CGC was established in 1972, and its shareholders include Bank Negara Malaysia
(major shareholder) and commercial banks.

Its core business focus is to assist SMEs that are without or that have
inadequate colla- teral and track record to obtain credit facilities.

It does so by providing guarantee cover on such faci- lities extended by
financial institutions.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Kiowa News (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 6, 2012

With USDA Loan Approval, Kiowas New Hospital Has Finally Become A Reality

BYLINE: The Kiowa News staff

LENGTH: 828  words


Kiowa's dream of a new hospital is now a reality. Agricul ture Secretary Tom
Vilsack released a report on May 31 announcing that Kiowa Hospital District
received a $3 million loan through USDA Rural Development to build a new
critical access hospital.

Kiowa was one of 38 Community Facilities investments in 21 states that were
awarded grants. In Kansas, two organizations were awarded with financing Kiowa,
and Little Hands, Inc. of Hiawatha, which received a $15,000 grant to purchase,
furnishings for a daycare.

"We're absolutely thrilled," said Kiowa District Hospital administrator and CEO
Alden Vandeveer. He said discussions will begin immediately with the architects
and builders and activity at the new hospital location should begin soon.

Plans for the hospital project have not changed significantly since the public
announcement of the design and USDA loan application in December of 2011. Since
that time, Vandeveer and the district's hospital board of directors and staff
have been busy supplying the USDA with information and study results to support
their loan application and show the need for a new hospital in the community.
All that hard work paid off last week.

The new hospital will be located on South 4th Street, just south of Gordon
Street, on the east side of the highway, giving it front entrance access from
4th Street and emergency room and ambulance access to the rear of the hospital
from Gordon Street.

At that location, which has been thoroughly inspected during the loan
application process, there is also plenty of room for a helipad and for future
expansion if necessary. The City of Kiowa has expressed some concern about
supplying sufficient and reliable electricity to the new location, which is on
the fringe of the city's distribution system It was expressed at a recent city
meeting, however, that hopefully those problems could be minimized if the city
is given enough time to plan and budget for the expansion of utilities to the
new site.

The steel frame building will have brick up a portion of the way and lots of
glass, shielded from the sun by sloping roofs in the front. The inside of the
8-bed facility will include much larger emergency and operating rooms, wider
hallways and convenient, private access from patient rooms directly to any of
the needed services.

It is also designed so that the nurses station is in close proximity to all the
patient rooms as well as the emergency room, emergency room 'arid reception
area. The new hospital will serve the needs of the South Barber area for many
years to come.

The new hospital building project will be paid for by the USDA loan of $3
million and the $4 million provided by Barber County as the Kiowa district's
share of a $10 million hospital bond issue. Medicine Lodge has already obtained
its $6 million portion of the funds and is expanding and updating its current
medical facilities.

The hospital's tax mill levy is not expected to increase at all to help pay for
the hospital project, as the payback for the USDA loan and other costs were
budgeted into the hospital district's present mill levy. Since then, the
district has been helped a bit by the increase in valuation of the townships
included in the hospital district due to the recent oil and gas activity.

"Quality hospitals, schools and libraries are the building blocks for a vibrant
rural America," said Secretary Vilsack. "Today's announcement illustrates how
the Obama Administration is leveraging Rural Development's investments to ensure
that that rural communities can compete in the global economy."

Since fiscal year 2009, USDA Rural Development's Community Facilities Program
has helped an estimated 30 million rural Americans address essential challenges
in health care, education, public service and public safety by financing
projects through loans, grants, or loan guarantees.

"The Kiowa District Hospital was built in 1951 and has had several renovations
over the years. A new hospital was the most cost-effective way for the hospital
to make upgrades. The new hospital will have an expanded emergency room, basic
acute care and outpatient services, surgery suite, allergy clinic, rural health
clinic, and several other amenities."

"The new hospital will have state-of-the-art equipment and will offer patients
more privacy when staying at the hospital," Vandeveer added. "USDA Rural
Development provided gap financing that was critical to secure additional
financing for the new hospital."

While funding for the the building of the basic hospital facility is now
complete, the hospital district will continue to raise donations through the
"Friends of Kiowa Hospital District and Manor Foundation", a 501(c)(3)
non-profit organization, making all contributions to the Foundation tax
deductible.

These funds are needed for equipping the facility, and for upgrading equipment
and furnishing in the future. The foundation will be a permanent institution to
help the hospital district in the years to come.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KIO

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 The Kiowa News


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 12, 2017

                          THORNCLIFFE COMMUNITY SPORTS

                                      403
                                MANCHESTER ROAD
                                    DEEPCAR
                               SHEFFIELD S36 2RB


TRADE ADDRESS: 403 Manchester Road Deepcar, SHEFFIELD S36 2RB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01142882887

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09200219

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 2, 2014
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Derek Alan Lyons, Technical Sales Engineer
     ·    Dennis Anderson, None
     ·    Stephen Victor Beatson, Accountant
     ·    Graham Elliott, None


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110
93290

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: September 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 21, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 2, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           1,047        68         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         -
Other Current Assets                           1,047        68         -
Total Current Assets                           1,047        68         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   1,047        68         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 30/09/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  1,047        68         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              1,047        68         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 30/09/201  -
                           6         5
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales              988     7,042  -
Cost of Sales              0         0  -
Gross Profit             988     7,042  -
Operating Profit         979        68  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          0         0  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit            979        68  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax         979        68  -
Dividends Payable          0         0  -
Retained Profits         979        68  -
Value Added              979        68  -
Capital Employed       1,047        68  -
Net Worth              1,047        68  -
Working Capital        1,047        68  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees             -         -  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years      3      5
                            Years  Years
                       GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               -85.97      -      -
Pretax             1,339.7      -      -
                         1
Total Assets       1,439.7      -      -
                         1
Current Assets     1,439.7      -      -
                         1
Current                  -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   1,439.7      -      -
                         1
Employee Wages           -      -      -
Number of                -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 15,375 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92629 Other sporting activities not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.26     4.05    21.21
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.79     2.04    13.38
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -3.01     2.23    15.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              48.68    105.7   255.56
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        8.32        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .31        1     1.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            22,385.2 37,485.7 68,194.5
                                                          5                 3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,340.2 20,173.9 43,253.1
                                                          1        1        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  26,207.1 52,902.0 121,853.
                                                          4        6        5
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  55.02       40    26.66



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        9
Year -1  -
=
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    0/09/201 30/09/201 -
                                                           6         5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   93.51       100 -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             93.51       100 -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 93.51       100 -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              99.09      0.97 -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               94.36 10,355.88 -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                           105.97      0.97 -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           -         - -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                       -         - -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                         -         - -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                          1         1 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          -         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     -         - -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                          100       100 -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                99.09      0.97 -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -         - -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  -         - -
Creditors / Debtors                                        -         - -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Lishmans LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2014 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 4, 2014

                       PAN AFRICAN ARTS & CULTURAL GROUP

                                59 PARKSIDE ROAD
                                  WEST BOWLING
                                BRADFORD BD5 8DY
                                Bradford BD5 8DY


TRADE ADDRESS: 59 Parkside Road, Bradford BD5 8DY

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01274780058
FAX: 01274-780058
URL: www.panafricanarts.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05264986

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 20, 2004
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Kathleen Forrest, Cleaner
     ·    Saria Sharif, Community Worker Assistant
     ·    Naida Hussain, Community Worker Assistant
     ·    Miss Angelina Binns, Unemployed
     ·    Regina Binns, Education Services


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    WYCLIFFDANDA, DEVELOPMENT WORKER


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92311 - Live theatrical presentations
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2011
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2011
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 26, 2012
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 20, 2012
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/200
                                                   1         0         9
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         0     1,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         0     1,000
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                               0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               0         0         0
Total Current Assets                               0         0         0
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0     1,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/200
                                                   1         0         9
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          0         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0     4,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0     -3000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                                  0         0     1,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         0         0     1,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/200
                           1         0         9
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                0     1,000         0
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              0     -1000     -5000
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0     1,000
Net Worth                  0         0     1,000
Working Capital            0         0         0
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -   -100      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -      -   -100
Current Assets          -      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -      -   -100
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 231,810 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2011)
SIC Code:
74840 Other business activities not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0.00    24.68   122.44
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.39     5.10    62.96
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -0.28     6.59    43.20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              65.47   174.79   375.66
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       41.42     2.33     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.63     1.01     1.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,750.0 26,492.4 37,767.7
                                                          0        8        4
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  38,333.3 68,000.0 196,814.
                                                          3        0        8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  50.71    27.61    13.95



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                      34
=
Year -2                                      51
=
Year -3                                      36
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/200
                                                       1         0         9
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -   -500.00
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -   -500.00
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -   -500.00
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -   -100.00         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -      0.00
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -      0.00         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -      0.00         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -         -      1.00
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 0

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: West Yorkshire Community Accounting Service

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2014


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

BrightSource shelves IPO, walks away from public markets

BYLINE: By Dana Hull dhull@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Local; Business; High-Tech; Science and
Tech

LENGTH: 846 words


Solar thermal startup BrightSource Energy's abrupt decision Wednesday night to
shelve its yearlong plans for an initial public stock offering came amid a
challenging year for solar stocks and a turbulent year for clean energy
technologies.

On the day it was expected to price its stock for a Thursday launch on Nasdaq,
the Oakland-based company issued a press release shortly before 8 p.m. Pacific
time saying it had decided not to pursue its IPO due to "adverse market
conditions." On Thursday, it withdrew its application on file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission -- a firm sign that company has abandoned
plans to raise money on the public markets.

"While we received significant interest from potential investors, the continued
market and economic volatility are not optimal conditions for an IPO," said CEO
John Woolard in a statement. "As a company, we've consistently made decisions in
the best interest of our shareholders, employees and customers, and we will
continue to do so. Fortunately, we're in a strong financial position and have
the support of world-class investors and partners."

Rather than the photovoltaic solar panels visible on rooftops across California,
BrightSource builds massive solar thermal power projects in desert locations.
Along with competitors like Abengoa and SolarReserve, it is a leading player in
what's known as Concentrating Solar Power or "CSP." But CSP faces growing
competition from photovoltaic solar panels, which have drastically fallen in
price, and CSP companies are racing to cut costs. The country is also awash in
cheap natural gas, putting further pressure on renewable sources of energy.

Many analysts said Thursday that BrightSource now has two options: raise
additional money from private investors or hope that they get acquired.

Shyam Mehta, a senior solar analyst with GTM Research in New York, saw
BrightSource's about-face as a reflection of the company's particular challenges
rather than a broad indictment of solar power's prospects on Wall Street. He
noted that CSP technology is land-intensive and faces several permitting hurdles
before it can be built in the desert.

"You have to make arrangements for transmission because you're in the middle of
nowhere," Mehta said. "You have to mitigate impact on desert tortoise habitat."

BrightSource has strong support from investors like NRG andGoogleGOOG ), as well
as a loan guarantee from the U.S. Department of Energy.

"It's not like their future hinged on their being able to go public right now,"
Mehta said. "I'm sure they entertain notions of being able to take another shot
at it. But in my opinion, I don't think it's going to get any better for CSP in
the next couple of years."

Kathleen Smith of Renaissance Capital said that IPO investors probably were wary
of BrightSource because it has yet to make a profit.

"IPO investors will not participate in the market unless there is some certainty
about making money -- they are not interested in providing venture capital,"
Smith said. "Companies losing money and lacking commercial operations, such as
BrightSource, interesting as it is, are too far out on the risk curve for IPO
investors at this point in time."

BrightSource, which is backed by VantagePoint Venture Partners, first registered
with the SEC to begin its IPO process nearly a year ago, and its stock market
debut had been eagerly awaited in Silicon Valley and within the clean technology
community.

"With the exception of Tesla, there's been a dearth of companies in cleantech
that are big enough to go public," said John Montgomery, a partner at Menlo Park
law firm Montgomery & Hansen. "We need another iconic IPO."

BrightSource's pioneering solar thermal technology concentrates the sun's rays
with motor-driven, mirror-like "heliostats" and "power towers" that reflect heat
to boil water. The steam from the boiling water turns turbines that generate
electricity.

The company's flagship project is the 392-megawatt Ivanpah Solar Electric
Generating System under construction on federal land in California's Mojave
Desert.

When completed in 2013, Ivanpah will be the largest solar thermal power plant in
the world, generating enough electricity for about 140,000 homes. The
electricity will be sold to Pacific Gas & Electric and Southern California
Edison.

BrightSource was awarded a $1.6 billion loan guarantee from the Department of
Energy, whose loan program came under fierce attack from House Republicans after
Fremont-basedSolyndra , which was awarded a $535 million loan guarantee, filed
for bankruptcy last year.

The guarantee attracted private investors to BrightSource, including NRG Solar,
which invested $300 million in the Ivanpah project. Google also invested $168
million in the project.

Contact Dana Hull at 408-920-2706. Follow her at Twitter.com/danahull.

Brightsource energy

Headquarters: Oakland
CEO: John Woolard
What they do: build massive solar thermal power plants, known as Concentrating
Solar Power or "CSP"
Projects: the company's flagship project is known as Ivanpah, currently under
construction in California's Mojave Desert

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ivanpah Site Compliance Manager Douglas Davis talks to the media during
a tour of phase one of power tower #1 at the Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating
System (ISEGS) on Monday, August 29, 2011. Ivanpah is a 370-megawatt (gross)
solar thermal power facility developed by BrightSource Energy located on 3,600
acres of BLM-managed land in southeastern California, in the Mojave Dessert.
(Josie Lepe/San Jose Mercury News Staff)
Construction site of phase one of power tower #1 at the Ivanpah Solar Electric
Generating System (ISEGS) on Monday, August 29, 2011. Ivanpah is a 370-megawatt
(gross) solar thermal power facility developed by BrightSource Energy located on
3,600 acres of BLM-managed land in southeastern California, in the Mojave
Dessert. (Josie Lepe/San Jose Mercury News Staff)
Clark Mountain Range behind the Pylons set on ground at the construction site of
phase one of Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System (ISEGS). Ivanpah is a 370
megawatt (gross) solar thermal power facility developed by BrightSource Energy
located on 3,600 acres of U.S. BLM managed land in southeastern California, in
the Mojave Dessert, on Monday, August 29, 2011. (Josie Lepe/San Jose Mercury
News Staff) The company is using Low-impact design and technology enables them
to avoid sensitive habitat and allows for vegetation to coexist underneath and
around our mirrors. It also reduces the need for extensive land grading and the
need for concrete pads used by other technologies.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 15, 2017

                       GLASGOW GREEN COMMUNITY BOATHOUSE

                               C/O LORNA FERGUSON
                                       83
                               WOODHEAD CRESCENT
                                   UDDINGSTON
                                GLASGOW G71 6LR


TRADE ADDRESS: 83 Woodhead Crescent Uddingston, GLASGOW G71 6LR

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC478907

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 30, 2014
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Andrew Armstrong Mcconnell, Architect
     ·    Mr Peter Douglas Russell, Economist
     ·    Mr Paul Mcallister, Solicitor


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Medium sized unquoted company exempt from filing a
turnover figure

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110
93120

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 10, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 30, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  7,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                               -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  11,035     4,188         -
Other Current Assets                          11,035     4,188         -
Total Current Assets                          11,035     4,188         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  11,035     4,188         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                868         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                        868         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -       888         -
Total Current Liabilities                        868         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -       888         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                868       888         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            10,167     3,300         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             10,167     3,300         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)            10,167     3,300         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    10,167         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201  -
                           6         5
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales                -         -  -
Cost of Sales              -         -  -
Gross Profit               -         -  -
Operating Profit           -         -  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          -         -  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit              -         -  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax           -         -  -
Dividends Payable          -         -  -
Retained Profits           -         -  -
Value Added                -         -  -
Capital Employed      10,167     4,188  -
Net Worth             10,167     3,300  -
Working Capital       10,167     4,188  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees             -         -  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       163.49      -      -
Current Assets     163.49      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   142.77      -      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  3
=        0
Year -1  -
=
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/05/201 31/05/201 -
                                                           6         5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       -         - -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 -         - -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     -         - -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  -         - -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                -         - -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           -         - -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   12.71         - -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     12.71         - -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                       0.92      0.79 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          -         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     -         - -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            -         - -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    -         - -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -         - -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  -         - -
Creditors / Debtors                                        -         - -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 10,167

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 8, 2010 Monday

Time May Be Running Out for Seattle Startup Looking to Build in Kitsap

BYLINE: Brynn Grimley, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 746 words


Feb. 8--POULSBO -- Executives with Westbury Inc., a Seattle-based startup, are
growing tired of waiting for Kitsap County to make a decision on a low-interest
loan that would allow them to move into an industrial park outside Poulsbo.

The company, which has patented a sophisticated outdoor airport tarmac security
and safety barrier system, was awarded a $2 million grant from the federal
Department Housing and Urban Development in September. The grant was made
available to Kitsap County through a federal loan guarantee program.

County commissioners have the final say on the allocation and have yet to
approve the funding, citing concerns about being on the hook to repay the loan
if Westbury defaults. Company executives have worked since last fall to show
commissioners they are committed to Kitsap and to prove their product is
financially sound, said Michael Fewel, Westbury's chief operating officer.

It's now February and they are still treading water, wondering if greener
pastures lay across the sound, he said.

"I'm committed to Kitsap for a lot of reasons. It makes good business sense for
us," Fewel said. "But if Kitsap County isn't going to play ball and fund it, the
reasons are valid to be there, but the money is in King County to do it."

Westbury looked into other financing options -- like bringing an investor on
board or taking out a business loan -- before applying for the federal money.
But the federal loan, with its low interest rate, made the most business sense,
Fewel said.

The company wants to build its manufacturing plant at North Kitsap's Twelve
Trees Industrial Park. It expects to employ about 100 people within two years of
opening, of which more than half will be low- to moderate-income. The company
believes it could add $30 million to the local economy in two years, according
to Fewel.

The company's commitment to hiring from the low- to moderate-income bracket made
it eligible for the federal loan. Westbury President Andrew Butler learned about
the loan from the Kitsap Economic Development Alliance, which he credits with
convincing him to build his company in Kitsap over Seattle.

The company has an 18-person sales team in place and Butler is staying
optimistic despite the delays, Fewel said.

"He believes the Kitsap money will come through," he said. "The issue is, how
much longer can we wait for it?"

Communication between commissioners and Westbury was unintentionally put on hold
because the board was busy with other business and Butler was hard to reach
while out of town recruiting sales representatives, Commissioner Charlotte
Garrido said.

She hopes the board will resume discussions in the coming weeks, but first wants
to review an audit of the company's prospects and financial stability that was
completed at the end of January. The audit has yet to reach the commissioners'
desks.

It was requested by commissioners after a financial review that couldn't
guarantee Westbury's patent, which the company says is worth $8 million, was
reliable collateral to back the low-interest loan if the company defaults. The
county would have to pay back the loan with future Community Development Block
Grant, or CDBG, monies if that happened.

Concerned about the impact to the county's allocated CDBG funds, Commissioner
Josh Brown said he wasn't willing to sign off on the loan until he had complete
confidence future funds weren't in peril.

"I've heard pretty loudly and clearly from folks that they want the county and
the commissioners to manage the budget like they would a family's budget," he
said. "That means we don't take risks. I have a high standard for what I'm
looking for and in talking with the other commissioners they do too."

Commissioners know they are responsible for holding up Westbury, but they also
have a responsibility to taxpayers to make sure the business plan makes sense,
Commissioner Steve Bauer said. In retrospect, the first analysis of the company
should have been more complete, he said.

"I think we're all hoping it makes sense," he said. "I'd like to see if move
ahead and see a conclusion."

To see more of the Kitsap Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kitsapsun.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100208-1BR-Time-May-Be-Running-Out-for-Seattle-Startup-Looking-to-Build-in-Kit
sap-0208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                                 Copyright 2010


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                             May 22, 2004 Saturday
                                     METRO

Don't borrow in haste

BYLINE: NATASHA GRANATH

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 736 words


Securing a home loan can cost thousands of dollars in unnecessary payments
unless you get the right information - but this might require investing a little
time and money.

State president of the Mortgage Industry Association Australia Murray Sebbes
said the best advice for homebuyers was to get as much information as possible
from experts before signing an offer.

He advises that they consult an MIAA accredited mortgage broker for an
assessment of their capacity to borrow before approaching a lender.

"Brokers are happy to sit down with you and work out a process to see what you
can afford," he said.

"Check out your eligibility for the First Home Owners Grant at the Office of
State Revenue website and importantly, get an understanding of additional costs.
There's lots of hidden costs from stamp duty to conveyancing fees, and you might
think you have a tidy deposit but those costs chip away at that."

Mr Sebbes said new products were available for parents to help their children
enter the increasingly impenetrable home loan market without putting their house
on the line.

"There are two products from St George and the Commonwealth Bank, which are
great because they limit the amount of the parents' guarantee," he said.
"Instead of putting the whole house on the line, they can guarantee only, say,
$20,000.

"The reality is that the kids could have an accident or could get retrenched,
or, as in most cases, their spending patterns get out of hand with credit cards
and so on."

For those buying a second house or an investment, the same rules applied.

"They should sit down with an MIAA broker and work out their capacity to lend
and, particularly for an investment property, they should talk with their
accountant, because there are a lot of traps and tips on the taxation side," he
said.

"Get a pre-approval so you know where you stand and you still should make your
offer subject to finance. Also, be wary of products with features you pay for
that you are not going to use."

Mr Sebbes said the retirement and downscaling sector was an emerging market and
there were many new facilities catering for the ageing population.

Mortgage Choice national corporate affairs manager Warren O'Rourke said seniors
had options in retirement thanks to products released last year.

They meant the retiree could do renovations, take an overseas holiday, upgrade a
car or help out family members financially. The Senior Access Home Loan released
by St George last year allowed seniors to access equity in their home.

"There is a whole generation in the community who have retired and no longer
have regular income to supplement their lifestyle and who never would have
thought of tapping into and accessing the equity in

their home," Mr O'Rourke said.

Sarah Curthoys, principal of Curthoys and Co Solicitors, said one of the
mistakes West Australians made was relying too heavily on settlement agents.

"Their primary job is to arrange the transfer of land and iron out fees and
taxes and for them, settlement is seen as a transaction, whereas a lawyer does
more of a due diligence on the property," Ms Curthoys said.

"This might involve going to the council to make sure improvements on the
property have been approved - the worst-case scenario is that the council issues
a demolition order."

She said it was worth investigating the property thoroughly before signing an
offer and acceptance.

"For a house, check with the council, and for a unit or apartment in a complex,
examine the strata minutes before you buy," she said.

"The law says "caveat emptor' - buyer beware - so once you've moved in and
discovered all those problems, you can't go back."

QUESTIONS TO ASK WHEN CHOOSING A LOAN

What are the monthly fees and charges?

Can I switch from a variable to a fixed rate?

How quickly can I organise to fix the interest rate of my loan?

Can I get pre-approval and how long does it take?

Can I use more than one property as security for my loan?

Is the loan portable?

Can I make extra repayments?

Can I pay out my home loan at any time?

How do I make my repayments?

Can direct debits be set up from the home loan account?

What is direct salary crediting and how do I establish it?

Can I access a redraw facility?

SHOPPING FOR A HOME LOAN ON THE NET

www.infochoice.com.au

www.housing.wa.gov/key/home.htm

www.wizard.com.au

www.mortgagechoice.com.au

www.aussiehomeloans.com.au

www.rams.com.au

www.mortgageaustralia.com.au

www.yourmortgage.com.au

www.echoice.com.au

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A person looking for a home loan.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 10, 2012 Monday

US Agriculture Department to provides $27m in loan guarantees to deploy smart
grid technologies

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Industry Updates

LENGTH: 108 words



HIGHLIGHT: The US Agriculture Department announced $27m in loan guarantees to
nine rural electric cooperatives and utilities in 10 states to improve
generation and transmission facilities and implement smart grid technologies.


This marks the reaching the goal of investing $250m in smart grid technologies,
in the government's efforts to modernize the nation's electric system.

Commenting on the investments Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack remarked that
modernization of the grid and deployment of smart grid technologies will the
electricity systems reliability and efficiency.

"Providing reliable, affordable electrical service contributes to stronger rural
economies and is the backbone for a prosperous rural America.

"These loans will help ensure that rural areas can retain existing businesses,
support new ones and have reliable, up-to-date infrastructure," said Vilsack.


LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                December 8, 2016

                              The Chiba Bank, Ltd.

                                1-2 Chiba-Minato
                                 Chiba 260-8720
                                     Japan

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   The Chiba Bank, Ltd (Chiba Bank) is a regional bank operating primarily in
Chiba Prefecture in Japan. The bank provides retail banking, securities,
consumer lending, leasing and various other financial products and services. It
offers a wide range of deposit products, which include current deposits, saving
deposits, ordinary deposits, time deposits and negotiable certificates of
deposits. The bank is also involved in management and collection of claims,
housing-loan guarantees, collateral appraisal services, securities and credit
card businesses. The bank operates through comprising network of branches,
sub-branches and virtual branches. The bank also operates branches in
international financial centers of New York, Hong Kong and London; and
representative offices in Shanghai and Singapore. Chiba Bank is headquartered in
Chiba-Shi, Japan.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



Chiba Bank is a banking and financial solutions provider based in Japan. The
bank provides retail banking, securities, consumer lending, leasing and various
other financial products and services to individual and corporate customers. The
bank operated through 177 offices comprising 156 branches, 19 sub-branches and
two virtual branches as on March 31, 2014.

It also had 41,197 off-branch ATM locations comprising 12,915 E-net ATM
locations at convenience stores, 10,149 Lawson ATM locations at convenience
stores, and 17,866 ATM locations jointly with Seven Bank, Ltd.; and three money
exchange counters, as on March 31, 2014. Furthermore, the bank operates branches
in international financial centers of New York, Hong Kong, and London; and two
representative offices in Shanghai and Singapore.

Chiba Bank accepts various deposit products and originates various types of
loans such as corporate loans and housing loans. The various other services
offered by the bank include management and collection of claims, outsourcing of
operational business and accounting, general administration, and temporary staff
services. In addition, the bank provides housing-loan guarantees and fee
collection services; credit card and credit guarantee services; and also offers
information services and surveys, and consulting services. It also operates
three consulting plazas specializing in providing customers with proposals
involving a diverse range of financial products.

In addition to clients from mainstream sectors, Chiba Bank specifically caters
to customers in various growing business sectors such as medical and nursing
services, agriculture, tourism, environment, social infrastructure and
international business. It also participates in various activities such as The
Chibagin Marche, food exhibition and business conference and Shanghai Business
Community Seminar. The bank also holds business alliances with various renowned
international banks including Bangkok Bank PCL, Bank of Communications, PT Bank
CIMB Niaga Tbk and Standard Chartered Bank.

The bank provides products and services through its subsidiaries such as
Chibagin JCB Card Co.,Ltd., Chibagin Guarantee Co.,Ltd., Chibagin Securities
Co.,Ltd., Chibagin Leasing Co.,Ltd., Chibagin Capital Co.,Ltd., Chibagin Asset
Management Co.,Ltd., Sobu Co., Ltd. and Chibagin Research Institute,Ltd.
Chibagin Guarantee Co.,Ltd. offers housing-loan guarantees and fee collection
services. Chibagin JCB Card Co., Ltd. carries out credit card and credit
guarantee business. Chibagin Research Institute,Ltd. provides information
services and surveys, and consulting services. Chibagin Capital Co.,Ltd. focuses
on issuing of IPOs and related advisory services. Sobu Co., Ltd. is involved in
rental and maintenance of the bank's office buildings and welfare facilities and
purchase and sale of supplies and consumer goods.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                January 24, 2017

                      LOWER ORMEAU RESIDENTS ACTION GROUP

                C/O SHAFTESBURY COMMUNITY AND RECREATION CENTRE
                                       97
                                 BALFOUR AVENUE
                                    BELFAST
                                BELFAST BT7 2EW


TRADE ADDRESS: Shaftesbury Community And Recrea, BELFAST BT7 2EW

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 02890312377
URL: www.lorag.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: NI037894

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 14, 2000
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 33

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr John Patrick Gormley, Manager
     ·    Mr Iain Cameron, Drugs Outreach Worker
     ·    Mrs Daniela Conte, Customer Assistant
     ·    Mrs Marie Lavery, Clerical Officer
     ·    Mrs Donna Nalongo Namukasa, Student
     ·    Mrs Lucy Rice, Vouche Clerk
     ·    Mr Ronan Mckenna, Sport Development Manager
     ·    Mrs Lucy Kathleen Rice, Vouche Clerk
     ·    Miss Marie Cavanagh, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrGerardRice


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 938655 Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 18, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 16, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  26,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               19,406    15,042    37,326
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                            19,406    15,042    37,326
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         203,727    96,375   108,486
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  37,424    46,360    72,645
Other Current Assets                         241,151   142,735   181,131
Total Current Assets                         241,151   142,735   181,131
Fixed Assets                                  19,406    15,042    37,326
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 260,557   157,777   218,457



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             12,224     5,007     4,616
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     12,224     5,007     4,616
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     12,224     5,007     4,616
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             12,224     5,007     4,616
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                248,333   152,770   213,841
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            248,333   152,770   213,841
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   248,333   152,770   213,841


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          827,581   684,412   772,771
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit         827,581   684,412   772,771
Operating Profit      95,563    -61071    57,600
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         95,563    -61071    57,600
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      95,563    -61071    57,600
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits      95,563    -61071    57,600
Value Added          507,456   352,936   462,054
Capital Employed     248,333   152,770   213,841
Net Worth            248,333   152,770   213,841
Working Capital      228,927   137,728   176,515
Emp. Renumeration    404,199   389,598   347,707
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees             2,218         0         0
Non-audit Fees             -     2,115     2,016
Depreciation           7,694    24,409    56,747
Number of                 33        28        24
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               20.92   7.09  47.44
Pretax             -256.4  65.91 -114.3
                        8             3
Total Assets        65.14  19.27  62.76
Current Assets      68.95  33.14 246.77
Current            144.14 164.82 217.51
Liabilities
Capital Employed    62.55  16.13  58.94
Employee Wages       3.75  16.25  31.82
Number of           17.86   37.5     50
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  83
=
Year -1  81
=
Year -2  41
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               38.48    -39.98     26.94
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         36.68    -38.71     26.37
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             38.48    -39.98     26.94
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          11.55     -8.92      7.45
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          317.62    433.78    353.74
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                           42.65      45.5      20.7
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        27.66     20.12     22.84
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               19.73     28.51     39.24
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 19.73     28.51     39.24
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.95      0.97      0.98
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     12,248.4 13,914.21 14,487.79
(GBP)                                                  5
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  48.84     56.92     44.99
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       2,895.85  -2181.11     2,400
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               25,078.2 24,443.29 32,198.79
                                                       1
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          7,525.24  5,456.07  8,910.04
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)          588.06    537.21  1,555.25
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        7,895.67  5,634.89  9,102.38
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    18.83     -17.3     12.47
Value Added / Sales (%)                            61.32     51.57     59.79
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         15,377.4 12,604.86 19,252.25
                                                       5
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.26      0.91      1.33
Sales / Audit Fees                                373.12         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                         117.47         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 248,333

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Lynn Drake & Co Ltd

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Greensburg Daily News (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 23, 2009 Monday

Westport Fire Moves Into New Home

BYLINE: Elizabeth Bailey, Greensburg Daily News, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 451 words


Mar. 23--After serving the people of Westport and its surrounding area for 50
years, the Westport Volunteer Fire Department dedicated its new station
Saturday.

Chief Jay Maddux explained the department had called its Mulberry Street station
its home since its incorporation in 1959. Having expanded the facility a couple
of times, he said, the newer and larger trucks showed the community the time had
come for a larger station.

The property was sold to the department at a reduced rate a couple years ago,
Maddux said. From there, the volunteer firefighters secured a loan from
MainSource Bank, guaranteed by USDA Rural Development. The town of Westport,
Maddux explained, is not well positioned for grant funding, however the
guarantee from Rural Development enabled the department to receive a good rate
on the loan. In addition, community support gives the department confidence the
loan will be repaid.

JHS Construction and Fuel began construction more than a year ago, and the
firefighters relocated about four months ago. Don Louden completed the heating
and cooling systems, the Decatur County Community Foundation approved a grant
for the department enabling the purchase of a generator, Decatur County REMC
funded equipment and Myers Paving, Inc., as well as A&B Concrete played a roll
in completing the new facility.

Maddux said the new station is better organized and offers the volunteer force
room to expand as needed. The 28-member department covers an 80.4-square-mile
area crossing the Decatur and Jennings County line, but it is the members of its
Westport community that Maddux credits with the department's success.

"Without community support, this wouldn't have been possible," he said.

The department conducted a fundraising drive with a good response. The township
trustees also enabled the project to progress. Having made 303 runs last year
and 83 already in 2009, the Westport firefighters stay busy, and the new station
will enable them to continue doing the work they do, Maddux said.

The community came out, Saturday, to show its support for the volunteer
firefighters, and the town was rewarded with hamburgers, hot dogs, chili, chips,
cake and punch. With its new station, the department hopes to continue serving
the community long into the future.

To see more of the Greensburg Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greensburgdailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Greensburg Daily News,
Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090323-GD-Westport-Fire-Moves-Into-New-Home-0323

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GD


                                 Copyright 2009


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      April 9, 1992, Thursday, 1* EDITION

Deficit or no, public trough's still open .

BYLINE: JUDY LINDSAY; VANSUN

SECTION: BUSINESS; JUDY LINDSAY; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 617 words


SOME $ 470 million in government loans and loan guarantees to more than 3,600
businesses. Makes you wonder about the business sector's sincerity on the
deficit issue, doesn't it?

With one hand business scoops up the bucks and with the other it shakes a finger
at government for over-spending.

The figures above don't include the "student venture loans" which saw students
buying cattle, fattening them up over summer and selling them off. Although it's
good to see young people taking such a down-to-earth approach to business, the
students are also learning to sup at the public trough.

This lesson in dependency was brought to them by the Social Credit government.

Finance Minister Glen Clark suggests the amount (a total of $ 1 billion
including student loans, mortgage assistance guarantees, and so on) is
symptomatic of the poor economy.

Maybe so. But the numbers also reveal the extent of the business community's
unhealthy dependence on government financial assistance.

Business would be sharper and more competitive if that door were closed to it.
Consider: Ten years ago the federal and some provincial governments gave $ 500
million towards the upgrading of small, old eastern Canadian pulp mills instead
of letting them die.

Today those inefficient mills are a terrible drag on the industry and are being
shut down. Had government not behaved like an indulgent parent with an infinite
bank account, the companies probably would have closed the mills and built
bigger and better ones that would be competitive today.

Of course Clark would not criticize the Socred lending activity. For one thing,
B.C. Enterprise Corporation made some of the loans, such as $ 70 million to
Fibreco to help build a pulp mill in Fort St. John. BCEC is the successor to the
B.C. Development Corp., a creation of Clark's political ancestors, the New
Democratic Party government of 1973-75.

For another, the current NDP government is itching to funnel money to industry,
as the creation of the $ 100-million B.C. Endowment Fund shows.

Although it may tidy up all the different pots of money, this government won't
get out of the loans, grants, guarantees and investment business - they are a
clutch of magic wands to a bunch of reckless fairy godmothers.

*

That strange proposal from three American senators and a congressman for a
compromise solution to the softwood lumber dispute arose more out of domestic
political needs than out of any sincere attempt to resolve the matter.

The four are all from northwest states where the forest industry worked hard to
get the federal government to restrict log exports so that the companies would
have fibre supplies and residents would continue to have jobs.

However, the Coalition for Fair Lumber Imports, the largely southeast-based
lobby group trying to get a countervail duty applied to Canadian lumber, has put
that restriction at risk by attacking a similar restriction in B.C.

The four, who had been very cosy with the coalition, obviously were made to see
that the northwest's interests and those of the coalition were not one and the
same. The fact that three of the four politicians are going to the voters this
fall may have been a factor.

A few weeks ago, in an effort to mollify the northwest's anxiety, the coalition
issued a press release arguing at length on why the U.S. log export restrictions
were different from the B.C. restrictions and therefore safe.

Apparently the folks in the northwest were not convinced. So the senators and
congressman proposed something Canada couldn't take seriously but which served
to put some distance between them and the coalition. It was for domestic
consumption only.


LOAD-DATE: April 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                       March 8, 2002 Friday Final Edition

Canada needs to bribe automakers: CAW: It's the only way to attract new assembly
work in post-auto-pact era, union chief says

SOURCE: CP

BYLINE: STEVE ERWIN

SECTION: Business; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: TORONTO

Canada will have to "bribe" automakers to attract new assembly work in the
post-auto-pact era, says the head of the country's largest private-sector union.

Without a replacement for the defunct Canada-U.S. auto pact - which until last
year required North American automakers to build as many cars in Canada as they
sold to avoid stiff import duties - governments must put up loan guarantees or
grants to compete for new investment with American states, Canadian Auto Workers
president Buzz Hargrove said.

"Once you give up on the auto pact, and those kinds of rules are no longer
necessary and we just rely on the good will of corporations, you've only got one
thing left - and that's to bribe them," Hargrove said yesterday at a Canadian
Urban Institute debate in Toronto.

"This is a game the companies play, whether we like it or not."

Hargrove said plants are being constructed for Honda in Alabama and Nissan in
Mississippi because those states offered hundreds of millions of dollars in
loans and grants. Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi and Ohio are in a bidding war
for a new Hyundai factory.

In exchange for the funds, the automakers commit to keeping the factories
running for a decade or more, Hargrove said.

"The investment is an initial investment that's paid back 10 times over in terms
of the community and taxes and services," Hargrove said after his debate on the
auto industry's future with analyst Dennis DesRosiers.

"In some cases, it's justifiable and a good investment if you've got long-term
job commitments."

Hargrove recently lobbied Ottawa to help finance the design and building of a
new van for a DaimlerChrysler plant in Windsor, Ont., which he said could cost
the automaker about $430 million.

Yesterday, he suggested the Ontario government could offer $200 million in loan
guarantees to bring the new vehicle to the Pillette plant, where commercial van
production is scheduled to cease next year.

Hargrove's comments come as the CAW's membership at Canadian assembly plants is
dwindling. General Motors's Sainte-Therese facility is slated to close this fall
and a Ford truck plant in Oakville, Ont., is to close by 2004.

DesRosiers said those cuts are colouring the view of the union, whose membership
at assembly plants is falling while the total non-union workforce for Toyota and
Honda plants in Ontario has swelled to 8,000 and stands to increase in coming
years.

"Toyota alone could offset all other production losses," DesRosiers said.

Hargrove countered that Toyota and Honda lack significant parts operations in
Canada and Mitsubishi's plans to open a national network of dealerships without
any manufacturing here demonstrates a weak commitment to the Canadian economy by
overseas-based manufacturers.

"If we're buying cars that are built in Japan or South Korea, we're taking jobs
out of this country," he said.

DesRosiers said Hargrove is stuck in decades-old thinking that emphasizes
assembly-line work when Canada should instead be looking to be a leader in
emerging auto technologies, such as cleaner engines, research and development.

"We need a 2020 vision, not a 1965 vision," DesRosiers said. "In the past, we
said we wanted these GM, Ford and Chrysler jobs and we wanted these assembly
jobs and we wanted these stamping jobs. Maybe that isn't where we want to be."

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Funding to Expand Health Care Services in
Rugby

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, Ranking Member of the Senate Subcommittee on Rural
Development and Energy, announced $112,000 in federal funding for the Heart of
America Medical Center in Rugby to renovate existing space within the hospital
into a cancer care center.





 "Quality cancer care is critical in every region of North Dakota," said
Heitkamp. "By improving and growing rural hospitals across our state, we can
help provide excellent care folks in remote communities count on when they need
it most. Today's federal support for the expansion of cancer care treatment
facilities in Rugby will help boost access to critical health services families
in the region can depend on for years to come."



 These federal funds are made available through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development's Community Facilities Program. The program
supports important rural community facilities, like hospitals, through federal
grants, loans, and guarantees that improve the quality of life and provide
needed services that allow small towns to thrive.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 27, 1995

Easier for Lenders to Use Title One

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 284 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Department of Housing and Urban Development has published regulations making
it easier for lenders to use the Title One property improvement and manufactured
housing home loan guarantee programs.

HUD leaders hope that easing the lender approval regulations will enable home
improvement lenders to serve more homeowners in central cities and underserved
communities.

The new regulations allow a broader range of financial institutions to
participate in the Title One program.  For instance, charitable organizations,
nonprofit associations and pension funds will be allowed to buy Title One home
improvement loans.

Previously, investors who purchased Title One loans were required to maintain
the staff and facilities needed for loan origination.  HUD has eliminated this
requirement.

HUD hopes the change will increase the amount of capital available to fund Title
One property improvement loans guaranteed by the Federal Housing Administration.
Of FHA Title One borrowers, 64% have incomes below area median.

The new regulations are scheduled to take effect on April 13.  The final rule
was published in the March 14 edition of the Federal Register. The reg also
applies to lenders who participate in the manufactured housing loan guarantee
program.

Also, Fannie Mae began purchasing Title One loans from a limited number of
lenders on March 1 under an initial $ 100 million commitment to the program.

In FY 1994, the FHA insured 72,000 Title One property improvement loans with a
balance of $ 806 million.  In budget documents released in February, the
Administration said it anticipates that volume will grow to almost $ 1.2 billion
in FY 1995 and $ 1.4 billion in fiscal 1996.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 14, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. TREASURY'S 'BACK-DOOR' BANK

BYLINE: By EDWARD COWAN

SECTION: Section 3; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1879 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


In terms of the funds that move through its ledgers, it is one of the largest
financial institutions in the United States. But surely, dollar-for-dollar, it
is the least visible. It is not listed in the District of Columbia white pages,
the Congressional Directory or standard guides to the capital. You can't even
see it, unless you stand in front of the statue of Albert Gallatin at the north
end of the Treasury building and then look up over his left shoulder to a
third-floor window framed with gold drapes.

There, in room 3124, is the office of Roland H. Cooke, the secretary and
managing officer of an agency of the Government known as the Federal Financing
Bank. For Mr. Cook, it is a part-time job.  He is also a senior Treasury
debt-management officer, director of market analysis and agency finance. Mr.
Cook runs the Federal Financing Bank without ever handling cash. He does
business only with other Federal agencies, foreign governments and private
institutions.

Inside Room 3124, the atmosphere is utterly calm. An oil painting of Jay Cooke,
the Civil War financier, by William M. Chase, dominates the room, imparting a
tone of elegance and civility. Mr. Cook chats amiably and with seeming openness,
despite his reputation in the Treasury as a crusty, cantankerous fellow who
keeps his books close to his vest.

Mr. Cook, however, sits at the eye of a gathering storm.  Figuratively, Mr.
Cook's office is the notorious ''back door'' to the Treasury, the avenue for
prying money out of the Government without going through the Congressional
appropriations process.

What the Federal Financing Bank does is simple: it borrows money from the
Treasury and uses the funds to finance a score of programs run by other
agencies. They include such diverse enterprises as the sale of weapons to
foreign countries, construction of rural electric generating facilities and
providing working capital for new health maintenance organizations.

This is what Congress intended. It created the bank in 1973 to centralize what
had been the separate, uncoordinated and often overlapping trips to the capital
markets of various Federal agencies. The agencies would borrow money for direct
loans to their constituents, for example, loans by the Farmers Home
Administration for rural housing.

Federal agencies also offer their constituents loan guarantees that carry the
full faith and credit of the United States. Thus, the Defense Department gives
munitions customers such as South Korea, Israel, Jordan and Colombia loan
guarantees and the Department of Transportation guarantees loans to railroads
for roadbed improvement.

Traditionally, Congress viewed the guarantees as a way to harness private
capital to Federal purposes. But with the Federal Financing Bank lending
directly to the guarantee-bearing customers, and with the bank obtaining its
funds from the Treasury, the guarantee is now seen as a ''back door'' raid on
the Treasury.

Worse, in the eyes of some critics, the bank's loans to guarantee holders are
''off-budget'' transactions. They amount to direct Federal loans but do not add
to the budget total or the deficit, because the bank, by statute, is an
off-budget agency.

The critics also object to the way the bank's operations can reduce agency
budget expenditures, as they are now counted. The bank funnels money to the
agencies by ''buying'' their loans - the i.o.u.'s they hold - in much the way a
factoring company buys accounts receivable.

When the Financing Bank buys an agency loan, the agency's net budget outlays are
reduced. This is a convention, that the sale of an asset is an offset against
spending. By now, selling assets such as Federally insured mortgages to private
investors is a hoary device for shrinking the nominal size of the Federal
budget.

Still another criticism of guarantees, but not of the bank, is that they usually
are not subject to regular scrutiny through the Congressional appropriations and
budget processes.

Concern about how the Federal Financing Bank operates is part of a larger
dispute over whether the entire Federal credit system of loans and loan
guarantees is adequately disciplined. Robert Reischauer, deputy director of the
the Congressional Budget Office, has testified that for the years 1976-79, loans
and loan guarantees grew at a faster rate than Federal spending.

''Most of the growth in Federal credit programs has occurred outside any
Congressional control process or mechanism for allocating resources,'' Mr.
Reischauer, an economist, told a Senate Budget subcommittee in June.

Whether an agency's direct loans are on or off the budget is determined by
Congress in the enabling legislation, and with loan guarantees supported by the
full faith and credit of the Government, the guaranteed debt is almost as good
as the Treasury's own obligations in the eyes of the financial community.

Both the Carter Administration and members of Congress have made proposals to
tighten discipline over Federal credit, especially offbudget loans. The Congress
included overall ceilings on direct loans and guarantees in the first budget
resolution for fiscal 1981, which begins Oct. 1.

In addition, a bill sponsored by Senator Charles H. Percy, Republican of
Illinois, would make direct loans and loan guarantees subject to the
appropriations process. Senator William Proxmire, Democrat of Wisconsin,
chairman of the Banking Committee and a longtime advocate of a comprehensive
Federal budget for credit, has said he will introduce legislation to pull the
Federal Financing Bank into the budget in two ways. His legislation would
require that guaranteed loans financed by the bank be counted in the budget as
loans by the agencies; and it would discontinue the practice of reducing the
agencies' stated loan outlays by the amount of their sales of loan assets to the
Financing Bank.

President Carter's 1981 budget proposed that Congress write loan and guarantee
limits for some agencies into the annual appropriations. According to the Office
of Management and Budget, the House Appropriations Committee adopted 61 of the
69 such limits proposed by the President (although not always for the identical
dollar amount).

As Roland Cook and others see it, there are fine ironies in the blame now heaped
on the Federal Financing Bank.  ''We wanted to get the total amount of financing
identified in one lump sum so people would know what's going on,'' said Paul A.
Volcker, then Under Secretary of the Treasury for monetary affairs and the
Administration's chief witness in hearings on Capitol Hill.  Mr. Volcker is now
chairman of the Federal Reserve Board.

''We got the efficiency,'' Mr. Volcker said. ''We didn't get the control.'' In
part that may have been because the Congress, responding to interest groups that
feared the Federal credit spigot would be shut off, was persuaded to delete
language that would have given the Treasury authority to approve in advance the
issuance of guarantees and require that they be placed with the Financing Bank.

The fear, Mr. Cook recalled, was ''that somehow we would be too much of a
czar.'' In fact, he said, the last thing the Treasury wanted was to take on the
onerous task of rationing credit among the agencies.

The ''backdoor'' charge against the Financing Bank may have grown out of a
change in policy. Mr. Volcker's successor as Under Secretary, Jack Bennett, felt
that instead of selling its own obligations, the Financing Bank should borrow
from the Treasury, letting the Treasury raise the money. That meant still fewer
trips by the Government to the capital markets and a lower cost of money.

The Financing Bank pays the Treasury one-eighth of a percentage point more than
the Treasury's cost of money and charges its customers the same rate. Presumably
that is less than they would pay if they placed their own obligations.

Mr. Volcker said he was disappointed that the Financing Bank turned to borrowing
from the Treasury. ''It didn't bring it into the public focus I was looking
for,'' he said.

The Financing Bank's success gives rise to the question of whether it is not
simply a neutral, accommodating financial intermediary, but a force for Federal
credit expansion. ''Did the ease of financing by the F.F.B. stimulate more than
we bargained for?'' asks Mr. Volcker.

Mr. Cook says the root of the problem is not in the Financing Bank but in the
decisions by Congress to authorize loans and guarantees for a multiplicity of
programs. ''We'd like to see better control of the guarantee-giving function by
Congress,'' he said.

Mr. Cook, who acknowledges that he never turns an agency down (he is not
supposed to), argues that without a Financing Bank the various programs would
raise no less money. ''They'll be financed,'' he says. ''They're Federal
credit.''

Might some programs experience more difficulty? Might they not have to scale
back?  Mr. Roland replied that a higher cost of money might cut into program
size somewhat, but the programs would be financed anyway.  ''There would have
been a series of Federal financing banks,'' he asserted.

The Treasury Department's deeply imbedded belief in the Financing Bank as an
efficient intermediary and the conflicting view that it invites special
interests to raid the Treasury by the back door was illustrated recently in an
exchange of correspondence between the Treasury Deputy Secretary, Robert
Carswell, and Senator Proxmire.

Mr. Carswell wrote first, arguing that if Congress had not forbidden the
purchase of Government-guaranteed Chrysler debt by the Financing Bank, the auto
company could have saved more than $26 million in interest and $2 million in
underwriters' fees in its July 30 sale of $300 million of debt. Mr. Carswell
added that ''we remain convinced that the Federal Financing Bank should be
authorized'' to buy the guaranteed Chrysler debt if that would mean
''substantial savings to Chrysler.''

Senator Proxmire, in a tart reply, noted that both the House and Senate Chrysler
bills included the prohibition. The intent, he said, was ''to prevent the
guaranteed loans from being converted to direct loans off-budget.''

The Banking Committee chairman then challenged the Administration to try a
front-door approach, and he hinted that Congress would slam that door in the
President's face. He suggested that the Administration seek direct-loan
authority in place of the remaining $700 million of guarantee authority Chrysler
has not used.

''Should you choose to go this route,'' he told Mr. Carswell, the Banking
Committee would ''consider the issue on its merits, and I assume that the
Appropriations Committee would follow suit.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday

Quebec gives Abitibi $100-million 'shot in the arm'

BYLINE: BERTRAND MAROTTE AND PAUL WALDIE

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; PULP AND PAPER; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 522 words

DATELINE: MONTREAL and TORONTO


A loan guarantee of up to $100-million (U.S.) from the Quebec government is a
welcome vote of confidence in AbitibiBowater Inc. ABH-T and helps reassure
job-dependent communities in the province that suppliers will continue to be
paid, court was told yesterday.

"That is a tremendous shot in the arm for us," Sean Dunphy, the head of the
legal team guiding the debt-laden newsprint giant through bankruptcy protection
proceedings in Canada, told Mr. Justice Clément Gascon of Quebec Superior Court.

Montreal-based AbitibiBowater - the world's biggest producer of newsprint - was
also in Delaware court yesterday, after filing for Chapter 11 protection for its
U.S. operations on Thursday.

The Quebec offer of financial aid yesterday came a day after Ottawa said it
cannot provide loan guarantees because they would be a commercial advantage to
Canadian producers and would aggravate the softwood lumber dispute with U.S.
firms.

Revenue Minister Jean-Pierre Blackburn, who has two AbitibiBowater facilities in
his riding, said yesterday that Ottawa can only offer help through Export
Development Canada.

Industry Minister Tony Clement has refused to wade into the matter.
"AbitibiBowater's actions represent an internal business decision and it would
be inappropriate for the government to comment further during these
arrangements," Industry Canada said.

AbitibiBowater, which employs 15,800 people worldwide - 11,300 of them in
Canada, including 7,500 in Quebec - is preparing for what will likely be a long,
complex financial restructuring aimed at drastically reducing its massive debt
of more than $6-billion (U.S.).

Mr. Dunphy told the court yesterday that the goal is to get through the
restructuring with "as little collateral damage as can be managed" to employees,
suppliers, customers and other stakeholders.

The 2007 merger of Abitibi-Consolidated with U.S. forestry giant Bowater has
been successful, he said. The merged company is a stronger entity than if the
two had remained separate, he told the court.

But the balance sheet is in dire need of repair, he said.

In a research report yesterday, analysts Sean Steuart and Graham Meagher of TD
Securities Inc. said AbitibiBowater will likely close several of its Canadian
mills as part of the restructuring.

"We believe that this company will eventually re-emerge as a smaller, leaner
company with a more concentrated capacity base focused around the company's best
assets in the U.S. Southeast," they wrote.

Protection from its creditors might in fact make it easier for AbitibiBowater to
close some of its higher-cost mills in Canada, they said.

The company also filed a list of creditors in U.S. bankruptcy court in
Wilmington, Del., yesterday. The list ran more than 2,500 pages and contained
more than 60,000 creditors. The creditors ranged from large newspapers including
The Globe and Mail, Toronto Star, New York Times and Wall Street Journal to
smaller publications such as the Kenora Daily Miner & News.

It is not clear how much any of the creditors are owed or why they were included
on the list.

With files from reporter

Daniel Leblanc in Ottawa

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

HUD Seeks Buyer for Austin-Area Medical Center After Default

BYLINE: Richard Williamson

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 34220

LENGTH: 360  words


DALLASÂ - The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development is seeking a
buyer for Lakeway Regional Medical Center after the two-year-old suburban Austin
hospital defaulted on a $164 million mortgage loan that carried a federal
guarantee.

The loan guarantee, announced in 2010, was the largest the federal agency had
ever provided for a for-profit healthcare facility, according to the Austin
American-Statesman.

HUD officials called the default "an exceedingly rare" event, according to the
Statesman. The agency took over the hospital in October.

HUD' 2010 loan guarantee was expected to save the hospital $91.2 million in
interest. Investors' HUD application said that Lakeway lacked a hospital, making
the residential area around Lake Travis west of Austin medically "underserved."

Investors cited a study showing the hospital would provide access to a primary
service area with an estimated 243,000 residents by 2016. The 100-bed hospital,
which cost $210 million, was also marketed as an economic engine to spur retail
and other development.

Just months after opening in April 2012, Lakeway Regional suffered cash
shortages. In August 2013, the hospital missed its first mortgage payment and
landed in default, HUD officials said. After that, the loan changed hands to
Greystone Servicing Corp. Inc. In September, HUD took over from Greystone.

On Sept. 17, HUD paid Greystone $154.6 million, 90% of the amount owed,
according to the Statesman. The other 10% will be paid when HUD receives all of
the ownership documents, officials told the paper.

Since 1968, the Federal Housing Administration, an agency operating under HUD,
has insured 358 mortgages to hospitals throughout the nation, 45 within the past
five years.

Moody's Investors Service cited the planned hospital as a factor in upgrading
the city of Lakewood to Aa3 from A1 on April 7, 2010.

Lakeway is about 15 miles northwest of Austin on the shores of Lake Travis, with
a small but affluent population of about 11,200. Traditionally a lake home
community with higher-end homes, the city's assessed value increased to $2.74
billion in 2010 and averaged 16.3% annual growth over the previous five years.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

HUD Seeks Buyer for Austin-Area Medical Center After Default

BYLINE: Richard Williamson

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 34219

LENGTH: 361  words


DALLASÂ - The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development is seeking a
buyer for Lakeway Regional Medical Center after the two-year-old suburban Austin
hospital defaulted on a $164 million mortgage loan that carried a federal
guarantee.

The loan guarantee, announced in 2010, was the largest the federal agency had
ever provided for a for-profit healthcare facility, according to the Austin
American-Statesman.

HUD officials called the default "an exceedingly rare" event, according to the
Statesman. The agency took over the hospital in October.

HUD' 2010 loan guarantee was expected to save the hospital $91.2 million in
interest. Investors' HUD application said that Lakeway lacked a hospital, making
the residential area around Lake Travis west of Austin medically "underserved."

Investors cited a study showing the hospital would provide access to a primary
service area with an estimated 243,000 residents by 2016. The 100-bed hospital,
which cost $210 million, was also marketed as an economic engine to spur retail
and other development.

Just months after opening in April 2012, Lakeway Regional suffered cash
shortages. In August 2013, the hospital missed its first mortgage payment and
landed in default, HUD officials said. After that, the loan changed hands to
Greystone Servicing Corp. Inc.?? In September, HUD took over from Greystone.

On Sept. 17, HUD paid Greystone $154.6 million, 90% of the amount owed,
according to the Statesman. The other 10% will be paid when HUD receives all of
the ownership documents, officials told the paper.

Since 1968, the Federal Housing Administration, an agency operating under HUD,
has insured 358 mortgages to hospitals throughout the nation, 45 within the past
five years.??

Moody's Investors Service cited the planned hospital as a factor in upgrading
the city of Lakewood to Aa3 from A1 on April 7, 2010.

Lakeway is about 15 miles northwest of Austin on the shores of Lake Travis, with
a small but affluent population of about 11,200. Traditionally a lake home
community with higher-end homes, the city's assessed value increased to $2.74
billion in 2010 and averaged 16.3% annual growth over the previous five years.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

HUD Seeks Buyer for Austin-Area Medical Center After Default

BYLINE: Richard Williamson

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 360  words


DALLASÂ - The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development is seeking a
buyer for Lakeway Regional Medical Center after the two-year-old suburban Austin
hospital defaulted on a $164 million mortgage loan that carried a federal
guarantee.

The loan guarantee, announced in 2010, was the largest the federal agency had
ever provided for a for-profit healthcare facility, according to the Austin
American-Statesman.

HUD officials called the default "an exceedingly rare" event, according to the
Statesman. The agency took over the hospital in October.

HUD' 2010 loan guarantee was expected to save the hospital $91.2 million in
interest. Investors' HUD application said that Lakeway lacked a hospital, making
the residential area around Lake Travis west of Austin medically "underserved."

Investors cited a study showing the hospital would provide access to a primary
service area with an estimated 243,000 residents by 2016. The 100-bed hospital,
which cost $210 million, was also marketed as an economic engine to spur retail
and other development.

Just months after opening in April 2012, Lakeway Regional suffered cash
shortages. In August 2013, the hospital missed its first mortgage payment and
landed in default, HUD officials said. After that, the loan changed hands to
Greystone Servicing Corp. Inc. In September, HUD took over from Greystone.

On Sept. 17, HUD paid Greystone $154.6 million, 90% of the amount owed,
according to the Statesman. The other 10% will be paid when HUD receives all of
the ownership documents, officials told the paper.

Since 1968, the Federal Housing Administration, an agency operating under HUD,
has insured 358 mortgages to hospitals throughout the nation, 45 within the past
five years.

Moody's Investors Service cited the planned hospital as a factor in upgrading
the city of Lakewood to Aa3 from A1 on April 7, 2010.

Lakeway is about 15 miles northwest of Austin on the shores of Lake Travis, with
a small but affluent population of about 11,200. Traditionally a lake home
community with higher-end homes, the city's assessed value increased to $2.74
billion in 2010 and averaged 16.3% annual growth over the previous five years.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 7, 2014 Friday

Washington: BROWNFIELD REDEVELOPMENT AND ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT INNOVATIVE
FINANCING ACT OF 2014

LENGTH: 767  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Congress has issued the following proceedings and debate details:


HON. JANICE HAHN

of california

in the house of representatives

Thursday, March 6, 2014

Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, today, I introduced the ``Brownfield
Redevelopment and Economic Development Innovative Financing Act of
2014,'' legislation that will help redevelop large brownfield
redevelopment projects that have the potential to create jobs, provide
affordable housing opportunities and transform regional economies.


 Across the country, from Baltimore to Los Angeles, there are large
redevelopment sites that communities have identified as the economic
development futures of their regions. Older manufacturing sites,
retired steel mills, automotive legacy sites and landfills within
communities are in need of transformation.
 These sites, known as brownfields, are untapped resources that, when
environmentally remediated and redeveloped, will address tax base
shortfalls, provide affordable housing, create jobs, attract new
businesses as well as unify communities with planned sustainable
development that will meet the needs of a changing economy and a
growing population.
 For instance, in my district, the city of Carson provides a shining
example of how large brownfield properties can be redeveloped and
transformed into successful redevelopment projects.
 In 2003, using $90 million of redevelopment funding, Carson invested
in the cleanup of an 160 acre site along the 405. Immediately, the
private sector matched the city's funding and the project moved forward
with the cleanup of the site.
 The project, called The Boulevards, is set to finish construction in
2016, and will have two hotels, retail space, affordable housing,
office buildings, restaurants and movie theatres that will raise an
estimated $107 million in property tax revenues over the next 30 years.
 The Boulevards is a great investment for Carson and for the region
and will ultimately end up paying for itself. What's changed for
Carson, like most communities, is that they do not have another $90
million dollars to quickly redevelop their other large brownfield
projects.
 Unfortunately, there is no current federal funding or financing
mechanism to support and leverage local and private sector resources to
move large brownfield redevelopment sites forward.
 While Title I of the 1949 Housing Authority Act used to provide a
line of federal credit to local communities to undertake major
redevelopment projects during the 1970's, this was later replaced with
the current Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program
administered by HUD. And CDBG funds are currently stretched too thin to
be able to adequately address the needs of large scale redevelopment
projects.
 Additionally, private lenders are hesitant to loan money for these
projects since the extensive remediation and clean up of these sites
means investors aren't going to begin seeing returns for possibly a
decade or longer.
 That's why I have introduced the The Brownfield Redevelopment and
Economic Development Innovative Financing Act of 2014. This bill
creates a pilot program that re-establishes a partnership with
communities by providing the HUD Secretary the authority to guarantee
the repayment of principal and interest on loans made by lenders to
local governments for large brownfield redevelopment projects.
 By providing a federally backed loan guarantee for brownfield
redevelopment, this will eliminate traditional lending risk and thus
attract private resources for projects that otherwise wouldn't have
received funding. At the same time, this bill grants local governments
enough time to remediate and develop their properties so they won't
need to begin making loan repayments until they start receiving
revenue.
 These tools will provide communities with the ability to make an
immediate and long term economic impact on their region and will be the
drivers that help move our national economy forward.
 That is why this bill is supported by public and private stakeholders
alike, including, Weston Solutions, CH2M Hill, Parsons Brinckerhoff,
the American Council of Engineering Companies, Smart Growth America,
the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the National League of Cities, the
National Brownfield Association, the League of California Cities, the
California State Association of Counties, and the city of Carson,
California.
 By providing a platform for partnerships and innovative financing
tools, we will finally arm communities with the necessary tools to
fully plan, invest and develop their futures.

For more information please visit: http://beta.congress.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                           August 29, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Breaking into the US?; Milan's Usinex gets dough

BYLINE: The Record

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 298  words

DATELINE: SHERBROOKE


SHERBROOKE - Maison Usinex inc., which rose from the ashes after a fire in
December 2006 destroyed the prefabricated homes factory in Milan, has just
received a $250,000 loan guarantee from the provincial government.

The announcement was made Tuesday by M[#x17d]gantic-Compton Liberal MNA Johanne
Gonthier on behalf of industry minister Raymond Bachand.

The financial aid package will be part of a $3.6 million development project
that will help the plant increase its production capacity by acquiring new
hi-tech equipment. The expansion will allow the creation of 15 news jobs that
will be added to 65 existing ones.

For several years the Quebec enterprise has grown considerably and it is now
looking at penetrating the American market which will bring spinoffs to Quebec,
Gonthier said in a statement.

"Small and medium sized industries are the motor of our economy and the
government takes their economic growth to heart," stated Gonthier. "That why we
are happy to support Maison Usinex, an enterprise with a promising future."

The plant, in the tiny border community of Milan, builds single family, duplexes
and small apartment buildings, which are delivered in modular units that are
assembled on site. It sells some 125 units a year throughout the province.

The government notes the Estrie region is the only one in Quebec with an
industrial niche that includes sawmills and industries that specialize in
composite materials. For that reason, the region was recognized under the
d'Action concert[#x17d]e de coop[#x17d]ration r[#x17d]gionale de
d[#x17d]veloppement (ACCORD) program that recognizes innovation in certain
sectors of industry.

By qualifying under the ACCORD program, Usinex and other industries can profit
from loan guarantees which aim to help specialized industries increase
productivity and create jobs.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              April 3, 2006 Monday
                                  All Editions

Workshops focus on energy projects

SECTION: Pg. A7

LENGTH: 613 words

DATELINE: FREEPORT


Community Energy Partners LLC will hold workshops for Maine farmers and rural
small-business owners eligible for up to $750,000 in federal funding to purchase
renewable energy systems or make energy-efficiency improvements in their
businesses.

Known as the Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Improvements Guarantee
Program, the funding comes under Section 9006 of the 2002 Farm Bill. It provides
financial assistance to foster economic development and growth in rural areas.

"The 9006 program is a great opportunity for Maine farmers and small-business
owners to reduce their electricity costs at a time of record-high prices," said
Sue Jones, who is in the process of creating Community Energy Partners after
working as an attorney and lobbyist for the Natural Resources Council of Maine
for eight years.

This year the 9006 program is making available more than $187 million
nationally, with more than $11.385 million for competitive grants and $176.5
million for guaranteed loans. Individual projects are eligible for up to
$750,000 per year in combined renewable and efficiency funding. In 2005, more
than half the total grant funding (more than $11 million) went to wind-energy
projects, with nearly all of it going to large wind projects of 1 megawatt or
greater.

"With strong wind resources located in many rural and farming areas in Maine,
the 9006 program can provide the seed money for farmers to harvest wind, Maine's
newest and most profitable crop," said Jones.

In 2005, 85 wind projects were funded. The vast majority of funding was at the
$250,000 level, but 5 projects were funded at the maximum level of $500,000 for
a renewable project. For the first time in 2005, the USDA made two loan
guarantees of $10.1 million for each of two projects for a total of $20.2
million.

In 2004, Gold Top Farms of Knox received $4,462 for efficiency improvements to
its dairy barn. By installing three fans, Gold Top Farms expects to save more
than $8,000 annually, contributing directly to the farm's profit. Gold Top Farms
combined federal funding with the PUC's Efficiency Maine state funding to put
together its proposal. In 2005, Windham Millwork Inc. received a 9006 grant.

Qualifying projects have included installation of wood-fired and biomass
furnaces, geothermal energy systems, and manure processing and drying equipment,
construction of a biodiesel plant, grain dryer and kiln systems and solar PV
pumping systems, as well as the installation of energy-efficient equipment in
barns, office facilities, warehouses and restaurants, among other projects.

The workshops will be led by Jones and John Sheehan from USDA's Bangor office.

The agenda for the workshops includes an introduction and overview of the 9006
program by John Sheehan, a video presentation that highlights successful farmer-
and small-business-owned renewable and efficiency projects in the Northeast, and
a presentation by Jones on how to put together a qualifying project, potential
business models and two case studies of projects that have received 9006
funding.

The workshops are free and will be held Thursday, April 6, at the Eastern Maine
Development Corp. in Bangor, and Friday, April 7, at the Holiday Inn Ground
Round in Augusta. Registration will be held from 8:30 to 9 a.m.; the workshops
will be held from 9 to 11:00 a.m. For more information and to register, please
e-mail renewable@suscom-maine.net, or call 221-5639 or 865-0042.

"Maine farmers and rural small businesses who are looking for ways to reduce
high energy costs should attend one of these one-stop-shopping workshops," said
Jones. "Our goal is to give them the information and tools they need to be
successful recipients in 2006."

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            February 28, 2010 Sunday

SBA chief hopes for stimulus cash boost

BYLINE: By Vic Kolenc / El Paso Times

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 712 words


EL PASO -- Yolanda Garcia Olivarez, the new regional administrator for the Small
Business Administration, says she hopes Congress provides more stimulus money to
further boost small-business lending.

She also said it appears El Paso small businesses are getting an appropriate
share of contracts in the $6 billion expansion at Fort Bliss.

Olivarez, 56, a former banker in her native Corpus Christi, became regional SBA
director in August.

She oversees 11 SBA offices with about 100 employees in Texas, New Mexico,
Oklahoma, Arkansas and Louisiana, including an El Paso office with eight
employees.

She was in El Paso last week to learn about the community and hear from business
people and others.

"Fifty percent of the people that live in the United States either work for a
small business or own a small business, and this community gets that," Olivarez
said.

The El Paso chambers of commerce and El Paso bankers are providing support for
small businesses, she said. That impressed her, Olivarez said.

The SBA used $500 million in stimulus money to remove borrowers' fees and expand
its loan guarantee to 90 percent for its largest loan programs last year and
early this year.

That boosted SBA-backed lending in El Paso and across the nation, but the money
is now exhausted, Olivarez said.

A bill is to be introduced in Congress to provide more stimulus money for the
the SBA-backed loan features.

SBA fees on a $1 million loan can add up to about $35,000, and that is a real
problem for small businesses, Olivarez said. So waiving those fees shows "this
administration believes in small business," she said.

Yolanda Diaz, owner and president of Mirador Enterprises, a small El Paso
company that does facilities maintenance and construction work, said she would
like to see the waivers and expanded loan guarantees continue. But, she said,
she would also like to see the federal government package contracts differently
at Fort Bliss so more El Paso small businesses could bid on them.

Diaz said that her company has contracts at Fort Bliss but that many other small
El Paso companies are having difficulty getting contracts.

Diaz told Olivarez about her concerns at a luncheon last week.

"I know she has no power (over the contracting), but I would like her to
persuade the government to break contracts into smaller chunks so companies can
bid on them," Diaz said.

Some contracts could be kept exclusive for El Paso businesses and not put out to
the region and nation for bids, she said.

Olivarez said, "My challenge to folks that say they're not getting that business
is they need to contact" the El Paso Small Business Development Center and the
El Paso chambers and "find out what piece of the puzzle they're missing so they
can do that. ? One thing small businesses have to realize is they have to market
themselves to the right folks, and to have that special business plan."

Small companies often cannot meet government project bonding requirements. But
the SBA recently expanded its surety-bond-guarantee program to allow small
businesses to get bonding for up to $5 million, expanded from the previous $2
million cap, Olivarez said.

Diaz said she was impressed with Olivarez's banking background and her interest
in El Paso.

"I knew her heart was really there. It looks like she is really interested in El
Paso and what is happening here," Diaz said.

Olivarez worked in banking for more than 30 years, including the past 16 as
senior vice president for commercial banking at Wells Fargo Bank in Corpus
Christi.

She took the job as regional director because President Barack Obama impressed
her, she said, and "I wanted to help the country and help serve under his
leadership."

Vic Kolenc may be reached at vkolenc@elpasotimes.com;546-6421

For information: www.sba.gov.



Web chat

     ·    What: How small-business owners can get government contracts and
          obtain bonding is the topic of a Small Business Administration Web
          chat this week.Who: Karen Hontz, of the U.S. Office of Government
          Contracting and Business Development, and Pam Swilling, of the SBA's
          Office of Surety Guarantees, will take questions for one hour.When:
          Thursday, 11 a.m.How: You can join the chat at www.sba.gov, and click
          Online Business Chat. People can post questions before the chat at
          http://web.sba.gov/livemeeting/Mar10.


LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 22, 2017

                               THE LENTON CENTRE

                            LENTON COMMUNITY CENTRE
                            WILLOUGHBY STREET LENTON
                                   NOTTINGHAM
                               NOTTINGHAM NG7 1RQ


TRADE ADDRESS: Willoughby Street, NOTTINGHAM NG7 1RQ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01159412422
FAX: 08723529903
URL: www.thelentoncentre.org.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05415699

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 6, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 23

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    James Robert Hart, Solicitor
     ·    Dr Peter Knox Milligan, University Administrator
     ·    Mairi Murdoch Yuill, Retired
     ·    Mr Zenn Athar, Leisure Centre Instructor
     ·    Reverend Megan Rachel Smith, Minister Of Religion
     ·    Ms Ruth Frances Young, Finance Director
     ·    Mr Omar Farooque Saddique, Businessman
     ·    Mr Robert Fenton, General Manager


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    James RobertHart


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110
86900
88990
90000 - Sewage and refuse disposal, sanitation and similar activities
93100
94110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 6, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  34,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              334,509   346,750   358,340
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           334,509   346,750   358,340
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                       13,818     5,036         -
Cash                                         189,670   185,143    87,428
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   4,378    26,791     5,138
Other Current Assets                         194,048   211,934    92,566
Total Current Assets                         207,866   216,970    92,566
Fixed Assets                                 334,509   346,750   358,340
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 542,375   563,720   450,906



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                      2,432     1,556         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             51,270    56,957     6,234
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     51,270    56,957     6,234
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     53,702    58,513     6,234
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             53,702    58,513     6,234
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                488,673   505,207   444,672
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            488,673   505,207   444,672
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   488,673   505,207   444,672


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          337,825   490,317         -
Cost of Sales              0         0         -
Gross Profit         337,825   490,317         -
Operating Profit      -16534    60,535         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         -16534    60,535         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      -16534    60,535         -
Dividends Payable          0         0         -
Retained Profits      -16534    60,535         -
Value Added          163,895   234,603         -
Capital Employed     488,673   505,207   444,672
Net Worth            488,673   505,207   444,672
Working Capital      154,164   158,457    86,332
Emp. Renumeration    168,188   160,921         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         -
Audit Fees                 0         0         -
Non-audit Fees         1,392     1,330         -
Depreciation          12,241    13,147         -
Number of                 23        25         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               -31.1      -  -0.49
Pretax             -127.3      - -189.2
                        1             3
Total Assets        -3.79  20.29  22.31
Current Assets       -4.2 124.56 170.36
Current             -8.22 761.44 923.48
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -3.27    9.9  11.52
Employee Wages       4.52      -  -5.76
Number of              -8      -  21.05
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 15,375 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92629 Other sporting activities not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.26     4.05    21.21
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.79     2.04    13.38
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -3.01     2.23    15.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              48.68    105.7   255.56
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        8.32        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .31        1     1.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            22,385.2 37,485.7 68,194.5
                                                          5                 3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,340.2 20,173.9 43,253.1
                                                          1        1        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  26,207.1 52,902.0 121,853.
                                                          4        6        5
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  55.02       40    26.66



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  94
=
Year -1  96
=
Year -2  94
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -3.38     11.98         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -3.05     10.74         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -3.38     11.98         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -4.89     12.35         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           62.29     86.98         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            1.01      1.41         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        45.63     32.32         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     14.93      3.75         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                3.87      3.71     14.85
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  3.87      3.71     14.85
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.9       0.9      0.99
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     7,312.52  6,436.84         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  49.79     32.82         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)        -718.87   2,421.4         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               14,688.0 19,612.68         -
                                                       4
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          21,246.6 20,208.28         -
                                                       5
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        14,543.8    13,870         -
                                                       7
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        23,581.5  22,548.8         -
                                                       2
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -10.09      25.8         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                            48.51     47.85         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         7,125.87  9,384.12         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 0.97      1.46         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.18      0.31         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 488,673

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Community Accounting Plus

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                            June 22, 2011 Wednesday

Egyptian T-Bill yields at 2008 high on aid concern: Arab credit

BYLINE: Ahmed A. Namatalla And Alaa Shahine

LENGTH: 1104 words


Investors in Egyptian treasury-bill auctions are demanding the highest yields
since 2008 on concern international aid pledges won't arrive on time, hurting
the government's efforts to finance the widening budget deficit.

The U.S. and the International Monetary Fund are among donors that promised
about $17.5 billion in loans, credit guarantees, debt relief and investments
after a popular revolt ended the 30-year rule of former President Hosni Mubarak.
So far, Saudi Arabia has provided $500 million in budget support.

Egypt raised less than planned in the past nine auctions of one-year notes and
canceled 16 billion Egyptian pounds ($2.7 billion) in debt sales since Jan. 25
as investors demanded higher yields. Rates on one-year notes soared 232 basis
points this year to 12.98 percent, the highest level since November 2008. The
yields are about 12 percentage points above Bahrain's and compare with 0.16
percent on one-year Treasury bills.

"The track we're on is unsustainable," said Moustafa Assal, the head of
fixed-income at Beltone Financial, a Cairo-based investment bank with $4.2
billion assets under management. "We're reaching the limits of the banking
system's ability to fund the government, which is why it's critical that the aid
arrives soon. Otherwise, we're not far from seeing our yields jump just like
they did in Greece."

Egypt is rated Ba3, three levels below investment grade and four above Greece,
by Moody's Investors Service. The most populous Arab country accumulated $147
billion in debt at the end of 2010, according to the Ministry of Finance.

The IMF said in April that Egypt's economic growth may ease to 1 percent this
year, the slowest pace since 1992. The government projects the budget shortfall
may reach 11 percent of gross domestic product compared with about 10 percent
this year.

U.S. President Barack Obama pledged $1 billion in loan guarantees last month to
finance infrastructure projects and job creation and $1 billion in debt
forgiveness to a "democratic Egypt" to be used "to foster growth and
entrepreneurship." Obama also said the Overseas Private Investment Corp., the
U.S. government's development finance institution, will soon set up a $2 billion
facility to support private investment across the region.

Finance Minister Samir Radwan said he would take advantage of the debt guarantee
to sell $1 billion in five-year eurobonds by year-end. Egypt has a similar bond
maturing next month. The U.S. hasn't said when it would forgive the debt.

The U.S. government has been working with Egyptian authorities to support the
country's democracy, including by rallying the international financial
institutions and international community to provide key economic support, said
an administration official who spoke on condition of anonymity.

The yield on Egypt's 8.75 percent $1 billion bond maturing in July surged 345
basis points this year to 3.60 percent yesterday.

The IMF will lend Egypt $3 billion over the next year, Radwan said June 5. No
conditions or disbursement schedules have been issued for $4 billion from Saudi
Arabia, a combined $4 billion of loans offered by the African Development Bank
and Islamic Development Bank or the $40 billion the Group of Eight committed to
North Africa, including Egypt and Tunisia.

World Bank President Robert Zoellick last month said the agency plans to provide
as much as $4.5 billion to Egypt. Details of the financing haven't been
announced and still have to go to the board for approval. A World Bank official
had no immediate comment.

The international community's pledges also include $2.5 billion from Jeddah,
Saudi Arabia-based Islamic Development Bank, of which Egypt is a 7.1 percent
shareholder. The lender said today it will provide Egypt with the funds over
three years.

"So far, there seems to be a preference for longer term development projects or
debt relief rather than short-term budget support," said Dubai-based Simon
Williams, the chief Middle East economist at HSBC Holdings Plc. "That may be
good for growth in due course, but it won't address immediate financing needs."
The IMF funds will only cover 10 percent of the deficit the Finance Ministry is
expecting over the next year, he said.

The government has sought $9.5 billion in budget support from international
sources, according to a document on the Finance Ministry's website detailing the
government's plan for the fiscal year that starts next month.

"You add up the aid pledges and they are actually more than what Egypt needs,"
said Richard Fox, the London-based head of Middle East and North Africa
Sovereign Ratings at Fitch Ratings. "I don't have any major concerns" about aid
coming in, "provided the government sticks to its fiscal plans."

Following Obama's pledge, the yield on Egypt's 5.75 percent 10-year dollar bond
due in April 2020 dropped as much as 62 basis points to 5.57 percent June 6. The
rate was at 5.72 percent at 12:22 p.m. in Cairo after soaring to as much as 7.07
percent Jan. 31 amid the protests.

The cost of insuring the nation's government debt for five years through
credit-default swaps has tumbled 139 basis points to 303 today from its high on
Jan. 31, according to data provider CMA, which is owned by CME Group Inc. and
compiles prices quoted by dealers in the privately negotiated market.

Egypt, where 76 percent of the debt is made up of local currency obligations
that are rolled over through bill and bond auctions, reversed course on a plan
announced last year to extend debt maturities after Mubarak was ousted in
February. Egypt hasn't sold Treasury bonds since the start of the uprising in
January. Local banks have increased purchases of bills after foreign investors
trimmed their holdings of the country's securities by $4.9 billion in the first
quarter, central bank data show.

The annual financing needs of the government are the equivalent of about 11.7
percent of banking assets or 16 percent of total deposits, Nondas Nicolaides, a
senior analyst at Moody's Investors Service in Limassol, Cyprus, said in an
emailed answer to questions.

Local government debt can be absorbed by banks for at least two years, "assuming
there is a smooth transition to an officially elected functioning government in
the immediate future," if deposits don't decline significantly and "given that
banks will have at least half of the government debt redemptions that are likely
to roll over," he said.

Egypt will hold presidential elections this year to elect what could be the
first civilian leader since the military took power in a 1952 coup, according to
surveys from organizations including Washington-based Pew Research Center.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2011 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            November 23, 2012 Friday

Bond successes no guarantee for Ireland Inc

BYLINE: CIARáN HANCOCK

SECTION: FINANCE; Back page; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 379 words


One More Thing:Bord Gáis has tapped the bond markets for EUR 500 million,
becoming the latest arm of the State to successfully access funds recently.

Remarkably, it was 13 times oversubscribed and the coupon was a competitive
3.625 per cent.

This follows similar successful auctions of late by the National Treasury
Management Agency and ESB.

Accounts just released for a subsidiary of the Dublin Airport Authority show
that it, too, has had some joy with bonds.

DAA Finance plc repurchased EUR 50.35 million worth of bonds last year from a
EUR 600 million loan note due in 2018, netting a EUR 5 million profit.

DAA Finance also drew down a EUR 260 million loan from the European Investment
Bank at a knockdown rate of 2.175 per cent to replace a EUR 250 million facility
that matured last year and carried a coupon of 6.15 per cent.

Of course, successful corporate bond offerings are no guarantee that Ireland
will be able to exit the bailout programme.

For a start, the State needs to raise a multiple of the sums generated by Bord
Gáis and ESB   EUR 15 billion-plus a year.

However, they are encouraging.

Both are profitable, solid businesses, with good cash flows and strong track
records.

Such fundamentals should always prove attractive to the investment community.

Before the crash, investors took added comfort from the fact that there was an
implied guarantee from the State. It was a handy insurance policy.

That all changed when the economy crashed and the Government was forced to pump
billions into insolvent banks.

Lending to Ireland Inc became a major risk and the interest rate rising to an
unsustainable level, hence the Troika bailout.

The fundraisings by Bord Gáis and ESB indicate a more benign view of Ireland
now.

On a brief trip to Ireland at the end of last month, German finance minister
Wolfgang Schäuble stated confidently that Ireland was on track to re-enter the
markets next year and exit the bailout programme.

Here s hoping he s right but there s still a long journey to travel in that
respect.

Our prospects hinge every bit as much on resolving the intractable euro zone
financial crisis and on global economic growth being generated to fuel our
exports and sustain inward investment and job creation.

Unfortunately, these factors are largely outside our control.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Bayside Advertiser (Australia)

                             August 31, 2009 Monday
                                 1 - SB Edition

Council backs club

BYLINE: Bowling| Jon Andrews

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 230  words


BRIGHTON Bowling Club's new international-standard Dendy Park project has been
given a loan guarantee lifeline by Bayside Council.

Though work on the $5 million complex is nearly complete, the club has been
granted a $200,000 assurance to cover unexpected late land tax and substation
work bills.

Club president Ken Armstrong said they needed the fiscal backing to get a bank
loan, and they had asked the council for help as the complex was on its land.

Mr Armstrong said the club wasn't having financial problems.

Mayor James Long said the council would back the project to the tune of $200,000
over five years.

If the club won an upcoming appeal to the State Government regarding a whopping
$250,000 land tax bill, that surety would be dropped to $50,000, he said.

``Council's loan guarantee will enable a development that is almost complete to
be finished and utilised,'' Cr Long said.

The council wants better access for non-members, he said.

Dendy Park Association spokesman Michael Nugent said there was a ``level of
community anger'' about the project and council's support for it.

The club is leasing the land from the council for 30 years, before reverting it
to public ownership in 2035.

It sold its previous home for more than $6 million in 2005 to help fund the new
venture.

Mr Armstrong said it would be the best facility in Australia for lawn bowls and
would attract world events.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SBV


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 16, 2017

                         CLYDEBANK COMMUNITY SPORTS HUB

                                       1
                                 SKYE CRESCENT
                                 OLD KILPATRICK
                                GLASGOW G60 5ER


TRADE ADDRESS: 1 Skye Crescent Old Kilpatrick, GLASGOW G60 5ER

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01415620230

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC440117

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 11, 2013
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Ross Mccombe, Senior Operations Manager
     ·    Mrs Susan Mcaneny, Civil Servant
     ·    Mr Garry Murphy, Chartered Surveyor
     ·    Mr Stephen Nixon, Joiner


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrDavidSmart


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 6, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 1, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           6,813         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0     4,446         -
Other Current Assets                           6,813     4,446         -
Total Current Assets                           6,813     4,446         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   6,813     4,446         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  6,813     4,446         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              6,813     4,446         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       6,813     4,446         0
Net Worth              6,813     4,446         0
Working Capital        6,813     4,446         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        53.24      0      -
Current Assets      53.24      -      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed    53.24      0      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        5
Year -1  4
=        4
Year -2  5
=        6
Year -3  7
=        1

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Gillian Donald: Social investment goes mainstream

BYLINE: Gillian Donald

LENGTH: 614  words


Most of us are familiar with enterprise investment schemes and the tax
incentives they offer to private investors.

Created to encourage investment in unlisted and potentially riskier ventures in
the UK, until recently the qualifying conditions meant that entrepreneurial
activity had to be for commercial purposes. This changed last year when social
enterprises were given the same opportunities through the social investment tax
relief provisions.

Social enterprises can be defined as commercial businesses whose main purpose is
to return benefit to their community. This might be in provision of services -
such as a café providing training and/or employment for young people. It could
equally be in provision of facilities - such as a community nursery, providing a
local, financially accessible care facility which helps both the children and
their parents.

Traditionally, commercial businesses would do this by donating money, goods or
services to their communities. Larger businesses might even set up their own
charities to make donations. The alternative route was through charities -
government policy was to make "top-down" funding available to charities, which
obviously influenced organisations to take charitable status.

However, the opportunities presented by charitable status also brought
constraints. One of the main ones being that charity directors are essentially
voluntary and not many unpaid board members would be willing to take on a bank
loan which, for an SME, typically comes with a requirement for personal
guarantees from the directors. This has resulted in a general aversion to
borrowing within the charity sector. And as we know, borrowing to fund business
development is an essential aspect of most commercial entities.

The difference now is that a generation of social entrepreneurs has grown up
without the "top-down" grant funding available throughout the 1990s, so there is
much less of an incentive to obtain charitable status. They don't have the cash
reserves to fund investment but these emerging business leaders want to effect
the same changes and are more accepting of the need for risk capital to achieve
social objectives.

At the same time, the new tax breaks have opened up finance opportunities to
social enterprises, which now have opportunities to access finance on a level
playing field with the rest of the commercial sector - free from the personal
guarantees required by the banks, and the constraints of charitable status. The
government policy changes are set to enable a step change in growth in this
sector.

The market is already responding to this opportunity with one local community
development finance organisation taking the lead on this - award-winning Social
Investment Scotland has created Scotland's first bespoke qualifying social
investment fund - SIS Community Capital. Fully subscribed on opening, it matches
individual investors with social enterprises and ensures both the investors and
the enterprises meet qualifying criteria and carries out the due diligence to
confirm the enterprises are expected to be able to repay the finance. Then the
funding is given and the social enterprise is expected to deliver to the same
standards as a commercial entity, making a profit and returning the agreed value
to the investors.

Social enterprises are usually micro-businesses and are a tiny part of our
economy. But government policy changes and how the market is responding mean we
expect to see significant and sustained growth in social enterprise in the
medium term.

o Gillian Donald is a partner at accountant and business adviser
{http://www.scott-moncrieff.com | Scott-Moncrieff | Link to Scott-Moncrieff
website}

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Gillian Donald: Social investment goes mainstream

BYLINE: Gillian Donald

LENGTH: 614  words


Most of us are familiar with enterprise investment schemes and the tax
incentives they offer to private investors.

Created to encourage investment in unlisted and potentially riskier ventures in
the UK, until recently the qualifying conditions meant that entrepreneurial
activity had to be for commercial purposes. This changed last year when social
enterprises were given the same opportunities through the social investment tax
relief provisions.

Social enterprises can be defined as commercial businesses whose main purpose is
to return benefit to their community. This might be in provision of services -
such as a café providing training and/or employment for young people. It could
equally be in provision of facilities - such as a community nursery, providing a
local, financially accessible care facility which helps both the children and
their parents.

Traditionally, commercial businesses would do this by donating money, goods or
services to their communities. Larger businesses might even set up their own
charities to make donations. The alternative route was through charities -
government policy was to make "top-down" funding available to charities, which
obviously influenced organisations to take charitable status.

However, the opportunities presented by charitable status also brought
constraints. One of the main ones being that charity directors are essentially
voluntary and not many unpaid board members would be willing to take on a bank
loan which, for an SME, typically comes with a requirement for personal
guarantees from the directors. This has resulted in a general aversion to
borrowing within the charity sector. And as we know, borrowing to fund business
development is an essential aspect of most commercial entities.

The difference now is that a generation of social entrepreneurs has grown up
without the "top-down" grant funding available throughout the 1990s, so there is
much less of an incentive to obtain charitable status. They don't have the cash
reserves to fund investment but these emerging business leaders want to effect
the same changes and are more accepting of the need for risk capital to achieve
social objectives.

At the same time, the new tax breaks have opened up finance opportunities to
social enterprises, which now have opportunities to access finance on a level
playing field with the rest of the commercial sector - free from the personal
guarantees required by the banks, and the constraints of charitable status. The
government policy changes are set to enable a step change in growth in this
sector.

The market is already responding to this opportunity with one local community
development finance organisation taking the lead on this - award-winning Social
Investment Scotland has created Scotland's first bespoke qualifying social
investment fund - SIS Community Capital. Fully subscribed on opening, it matches
individual investors with social enterprises and ensures both the investors and
the enterprises meet qualifying criteria and carries out the due diligence to
confirm the enterprises are expected to be able to repay the finance. Then the
funding is given and the social enterprise is expected to deliver to the same
standards as a commercial entity, making a profit and returning the agreed value
to the investors.

Social enterprises are usually micro-businesses and are a tiny part of our
economy. But government policy changes and how the market is responding mean we
expect to see significant and sustained growth in social enterprise in the
medium term.

o Gillian Donald is a partner at accountant and business adviser
{http://www.scott-moncrieff.com | Scott-Moncrieff | Link to Scott-Moncrieff
website}

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               November 14, 2016

                       ARTLINK CENTRE FOR COMMUNITY ARTS

                           CENTRE FOR COMMUNITY ARTS
                               87 PRINCES AVENUE
                                      HULL
                                  HULL HU5 3QP


TRADE ADDRESS: 87 Princes Avenue Guildhall Road, HULL HU5 3QP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01482345104
FAX: 01482345028
URL: www.artlink.uk.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04276250

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 23, 2001
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Joanne Hudgell, Company Director Of Lawns Hull
     ·    Mr Stephen John Warran, Director
     ·    Mr Duncan Alexander Edge, Director
     ·    Terence John Bowker, Retired Public Transport Manag
     ·    Mr Julian Woodford, Director
     ·    Nicola Robson, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    VictoriaBissett


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 30, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 23, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  26,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              582,387   593,675   607,442
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           582,387   593,675   607,442
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                       13,407     6,310         -
Cash                                         153,849   206,580   180,799
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   1,649     1,763     8,709
Other Current Assets                         155,498   208,343   189,508
Total Current Assets                         168,905   214,653   189,508
Fixed Assets                                 582,387   593,675   607,442
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 751,292   808,328   796,950



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                        100     1,865     6,588
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              4,167    34,247       650
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      4,167    34,247       650
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      4,267    36,112     7,238
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              4,267    36,112     7,238
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -   607,442
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                747,025   772,216   182,270
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            747,025   772,216   789,712
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -   607,442
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   747,025   772,216   789,712


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          187,248   174,101   135,656
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit         187,248   174,101   135,656
Operating Profit      -13903     -3234    -57589
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         -13903     -3234    -57589
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      -13903     -3234    -57589
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits      -13903     -3234    -57589
Value Added          129,503   137,766    42,964
Capital Employed     747,025   772,216   789,712
Net Worth            747,025   772,216   789,712
Working Capital      164,638   178,541   182,270
Emp. Renumeration    132,118   126,738    84,865
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees                 -         -         0
Non-audit Fees             -         -       650
Depreciation          11,288    14,262    15,688
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                7.55  38.03 -22.78
Pretax              329.9 -75.86 -153.4
                                      9
Total Assets        -7.06  -5.73 -13.75
Current Assets     -21.31 -10.87 -31.88
Current            -88.18 -41.05 -47.38
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -3.26  -5.41 -13.44
Employee Wages       4.24  55.68 -11.53
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 18,496 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92310 Artistic and literary creation and interpretation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -6.94     6.61    57.14
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                     -10.99     1.14    34.29
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -9.09      .95    12.84
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              79.63   186.22   378.33
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.49        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03     2.27
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            21,108.1 32,103.9 55,827.8
                                                          3        2        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  13,928.5 21,714.2 29,909.0
                                                          7        9        9
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    42,050 72,333.3 118,666.
                                                                   3        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  43.78    31.62       16



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        7
Year -1  8
=        5
Year -2  9
=        0
Year -3  9
=        7

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -1.86     -0.42     -7.29
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -1.85      -0.4     -7.23
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -1.86     -0.42     -7.29
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -7.42     -1.86    -42.45
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           24.92     21.54     17.02
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            0.32      0.29      0.22
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        87.93    102.55    134.36
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     26.13     13.23         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               39.58      5.94     26.18
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 39.58      5.94     26.18
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.99      0.96      0.99
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  70.56      72.8     62.56
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -10.74     -2.35   -134.04
Value Added / Sales (%)                            69.16     79.13     31.67
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 0.98      1.09      0.51
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.01       0.3         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 747,025

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: cbaSadofskys Ltd

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

Developers eye East Millinocket as heart of $240M biomass venture

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1108 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- The company hoping to buy the shuttered East Millinocket
paper mill has big plans for generating electricity and fuel from Maine wood
waste -- $240 million in plans, to be exact.


The first step in that biomass effort -- purchasing two biomass plants in West
Enfield and Jonesboro -- hinged on government subsidies. Documents filed on
Tuesday with a lawsuit seeking to halt demolition at the mill indicate that EMEP
LLC's next step in East Millinocket would too, in the form of a federal loan
guarantee for biomass-to-fuel technology that's not yet run at the commercial
scale they envision.


The company says that leg up from the government would eventually allow it to
produce a high-value product that could turn biomass power plants now reliant on
Maine taxpayer dollars into sustainable businesses.


While completion of that plan remains years away, representatives for EMEP left
court on Tuesday reiterating what they said in their lawsuit filed earlier that
morning: they're ready to offer $1.75 million for the East Millinocket property.


The big picture


The owner of Stored Solar, which operates two biomass plants in Maine, has
partnered with Scott Gardner, who runs the trucking, logging and wood chip
company W.T. Gardner and Sons, on the East Millinocket project. At the former
paper mill site, they aim to turn biomass into liquid fuels that could be
blended to make biodiesel, gasoline and jet fuel.


The company said the technology, which comes from a Houston company, would allow
it to use the byproduct of the fuel-making process to power biomass boilers.
Those boilers, in turn, will heat the facility and dry incoming wood waste to
prepare it for processing.


It also plans to sell renewable electricity credits to Massachusetts and to sell
waste heat to other on-site businesses. Those could include a greenhouse and a
chopstick manufacturing facility, according to its application for a loan
guarantee from the U.S. Department of Energy.


The company describes a combined system that would increase the efficiency of
producing biomass, generate new revenue from byproducts such as waste heat and
add a new high-value product to the mix.


The company told a Portland judge that the East Millinocket biorefinery would be
the centerpiece of their $240 million effort to buy, upgrade and operate up to
five more biomass plants in Maine, adding to the two biomass plants Stored Solar
purchased last year, in Jonesboro and West Enfield. The company got its first
payment -- $241,000 from a taxpayer fund -- for running those plants in January.


To get the biorefinery up and running, the company hopes to combine 30 percent
equity investment with a loan guarantee from the U.S. Department of Energy to
support the other 70 percent of the cost.


The company says the East Millinocket plant would employ 102 people full time.


The players


EMEP has two owners, SAG Realty LLC and Capergy US. William Harrington and Fahim
Samaha are behind Capergy and Scott Gardner owns SAG Realty, making up EMEP's
three principals, according to court records.


Samaha is president of Capergy US, which holds a majority stake in EMEP. Through
subsidiary Stored Solar LLC, the company also last year purchased Covanta's
shuttered biomass plants in West Enfield and Jonesboro, and restarted them in
January.


Gardner helps oversee the timber and trucking company that his father started,
which owns timberland in Maine's North Woods. Thomas Gardner, Scott's brother
and the company's president, testified in support of the state's biomass
bailout, saying that the industry "is an absolutely critical element of our
business."


In its lawsuit, EMEP also identifies Maine's Department of Economic and
Community Development as a partner, though the specific nature of that
partnership remained unclear Thursday.


Doug Ray, a spokesman, said DECD is working with a number of entities, including
EMEP, and "is supportive of any effort to revitalize the forest products
industry in Maine."


"Whatever state incentives and programs are utilized to attract new private
investment and help businesses succeed, we view as a partnership," Ray wrote in
an email.


In the company's federal loan guarantee application, EMEP notes that "the
biomass suppliers are equity participants which assures a long-term alignment of
interest," adding that it expects that the fund to support the project will
include various Maine businesses with connection to the biomass industry.


Samaha's wife, Kimberly Samaha, is the CEO of Synthesis Venture Fund Partners,
which late last year launched an effort called the Maine Born Global Challenge
to help identify bio-based technologies that it could pair with its facilities.


Reached by telephone Wednesday and citing advice from EMEP attorneys, Harrington
declined to comment in more detail on the project.


The timeline


In an application for financing submitted to the U.S. Department of Energy,
Stored Solar states that it hopes to begin commercial delivery of biofuel by
2020. But that hinged on acquiring the East Millinocket property earlier and
having engineering plans together by this month.


The delay prompted the lawsuit filed Wednesday against the current owner, North
American Recovery Management, to limit demolition at the mill site and
eventually work toward finishing a purchase and sale agreement with EMEP.


The timeline estimates the project will take three-and-a-half years from the
purchase of the land for the biorefinery to begin producing and delivering
fuels.


EMEP claims that it spent about $6 million to date on its biorefinery project
and it has visited the site multiple times. But its biggest visible leap toward
its plan so far came with the purchase of the Jonesboro and West Enfield biomass
plants.


The company has cited that investment both as a sign of experience in the
industry and as a reason their plans in East Millinocket must come together.


In announcing the Maine Born Global Challenge late last year, Synthesis noted
that "sponsor owners already have revenue-producing energy plants in place" in
Maine. The company restarted the plants that month.


In the lawsuit filed Wednesday, the company raises concerns that delays in the
purchase from North American Recovery Management could derail its application
for a loan guarantee with the U.S. Department of Energy, though it leaves the
door open to other types of financing.


"Without DOE or similar financing, we cannot build the biorefinery which will
put the entire Maine Biomass Plan in jeopardy," Harrington wrote in court
testimony.


Meanwhile, North American Recovery Management told EMEP that they would open
their ears to all offers on the property starting Wednesday.


Â

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Bangor Daily News


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

Developers eye East Millinocket as heart of $240M biomass venture

BYLINE: Darren Fishell BDN Staff

LENGTH: 1108 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- The company hoping to buy the shuttered East Millinocket
paper mill has big plans for generating electricity and fuel from Maine wood
waste -- $240 million in plans, to be exact.


The first step in that biomass effort -- purchasing two biomass plants in West
Enfield and Jonesboro -- hinged on government subsidies. Documents filed on
Tuesday with a lawsuit seeking to halt demolition at the mill indicate that EMEP
LLC's next step in East Millinocket would too, in the form of a federal loan
guarantee for biomass-to-fuel technology that's not yet run at the commercial
scale they envision.


The company says that leg up from the government would eventually allow it to
produce a high-value product that could turn biomass power plants now reliant on
Maine taxpayer dollars into sustainable businesses.


While completion of that plan remains years away, representatives for EMEP left
court on Tuesday reiterating what they said in their lawsuit filed earlier that
morning: they're ready to offer $1.75 million for the East Millinocket property.


The big picture


The owner of Stored Solar, which operates two biomass plants in Maine, has
partnered with Scott Gardner, who runs the trucking, logging and wood chip
company W.T. Gardner and Sons, on the East Millinocket project. At the former
paper mill site, they aim to turn biomass into liquid fuels that could be
blended to make biodiesel, gasoline and jet fuel.


The company said the technology, which comes from a Houston company, would allow
it to use the byproduct of the fuel-making process to power biomass boilers.
Those boilers, in turn, will heat the facility and dry incoming wood waste to
prepare it for processing.


It also plans to sell renewable electricity credits to Massachusetts and to sell
waste heat to other on-site businesses. Those could include a greenhouse and a
chopstick manufacturing facility, according to its application for a loan
guarantee from the U.S. Department of Energy.


The company describes a combined system that would increase the efficiency of
producing biomass, generate new revenue from byproducts such as waste heat and
add a new high-value product to the mix.


The company told a Portland judge that the East Millinocket biorefinery would be
the centerpiece of their $240 million effort to buy, upgrade and operate up to
five more biomass plants in Maine, adding to the two biomass plants Stored Solar
purchased last year, in Jonesboro and West Enfield. The company got its first
payment -- $241,000 from a taxpayer fund -- for running those plants in January.


To get the biorefinery up and running, the company hopes to combine 30 percent
equity investment with a loan guarantee from the U.S. Department of Energy to
support the other 70 percent of the cost.


The company says the East Millinocket plant would employ 102 people full time.


The players


EMEP has two owners, SAG Realty LLC and Capergy US. William Harrington and Fahim
Samaha are behind Capergy and Scott Gardner owns SAG Realty, making up EMEP's
three principals, according to court records.


Samaha is president of Capergy US, which holds a majority stake in EMEP. Through
subsidiary Stored Solar LLC, the company also last year purchased Covanta's
shuttered biomass plants in West Enfield and Jonesboro, and restarted them in
January.


Gardner helps oversee the timber and trucking company that his father started,
which owns timberland in Maine's North Woods. Thomas Gardner, Scott's brother
and the company's president, testified in support of the state's biomass
bailout, saying that the industry "is an absolutely critical element of our
business."


In its lawsuit, EMEP also identifies Maine's Department of Economic and
Community Development as a partner, though the specific nature of that
partnership remained unclear Thursday.


Doug Ray, a spokesman, said DECD is working with a number of entities, including
EMEP, and "is supportive of any effort to revitalize the forest products
industry in Maine."


"Whatever state incentives and programs are utilized to attract new private
investment and help businesses succeed, we view as a partnership," Ray wrote in
an email.


In the company's federal loan guarantee application, EMEP notes that "the
biomass suppliers are equity participants which assures a long-term alignment of
interest," adding that it expects that the fund to support the project will
include various Maine businesses with connection to the biomass industry.


Samaha's wife, Kimberly Samaha, is the CEO of Synthesis Venture Fund Partners,
which late last year launched an effort called the Maine Born Global Challenge
to help identify bio-based technologies that it could pair with its facilities.


Reached by telephone Wednesday and citing advice from EMEP attorneys, Harrington
declined to comment in more detail on the project.


The timeline


In an application for financing submitted to the U.S. Department of Energy,
Stored Solar states that it hopes to begin commercial delivery of biofuel by
2020. But that hinged on acquiring the East Millinocket property earlier and
having engineering plans together by this month.


The delay prompted the lawsuit filed Wednesday against the current owner, North
American Recovery Management, to limit demolition at the mill site and
eventually work toward finishing a purchase and sale agreement with EMEP.


The timeline estimates the project will take three-and-a-half years from the
purchase of the land for the biorefinery to begin producing and delivering
fuels.


EMEP claims that it spent about $6 million to date on its biorefinery project
and it has visited the site multiple times. But its biggest visible leap toward
its plan so far came with the purchase of the Jonesboro and West Enfield biomass
plants.


The company has cited that investment both as a sign of experience in the
industry and as a reason their plans in East Millinocket must come together.


In announcing the Maine Born Global Challenge late last year, Synthesis noted
that "sponsor owners already have revenue-producing energy plants in place" in
Maine. The company restarted the plants that month.


In the lawsuit filed Wednesday, the company raises concerns that delays in the
purchase from North American Recovery Management could derail its application
for a loan guarantee with the U.S. Department of Energy, though it leaves the
door open to other types of financing.


"Without DOE or similar financing, we cannot build the biorefinery which will
put the entire Maine Biomass Plan in jeopardy," Harrington wrote in court
testimony.


Meanwhile, North American Recovery Management told EMEP that they would open
their ears to all offers on the property starting Wednesday.


Â

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Bangor Daily News


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The New Age (South Africa)

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Transnet secures a R6bn funding guarantee

BYLINE: Bernard Sathekge

LENGTH: 479 words


SOUTH Africa's transport giant Transnet secured a R6bn funding guarantee with US
export credit agency, US-Exim, for the funding of diesel locomotives the company
is buying from General Electric (GE), an indication that SA is still attractive
as an investment destination.

In March, Transnet announced an agreement to purchase 599 electric and 465
diesel locomotives from four original equipment manufacturers, including General
Electric and the guarantee is mainly intended for GE's share of the locomotives
which is 233 locomotives as well as other acquisitions from the manufacturer.

The locomotives are part of Transnet's locomotive fleet renewal programme - a
key element of the company's seven-year R312bn investment programme - The Market
Demand Strategy.

"This is a massive thumbs-up from the international investor community,
affirming Transnet's creditworthiness and South Africa's attractiveness as an
investment destination," Brian Molefe, Transnet's group CEO said.

Molefe said the majority of the locomotives are built at Transnet's engineering
and manufacturing facilities throughout South Africa and include stringent
supplier development, skills development and localisation requirements, in line
with government policy.

"The guarantee from US-Exim enables Transnet to raise funds in the markets for
the financing of the GE locomotive transaction. It allows for Transnet to
negotiate favourable repayment terms, including the tenor and interest rates.

"The required funding will be raised through bank loans supported by the US-Exim
guarantee. The terms of funding to be backed by the guarantee will be dependent
on a number of factors, including market conditions, pricing and investor
appetite," Molefe said.

The facility will be drawn over a three-year period in line with the delivery
schedule for the locomotives, and the repayment period is 14 years.

The term will extend Transnet's debt maturity profile while improving the match
between assets and liabilities.

Further, Molefe said the agreement confirms the continued attractiveness of
Transnet's portfolio of projects, the company and South Africa among major
investors.

"Crucially, it is in line with the company's agreed funding strategy, which is
premised on diversifying sources in a cost effective manner. Funding from the
debt capital markets accounts for only a third of Transnet's investment
programme - the remainder will be raised from cash generated from operations.
Transnet raises funds on the strength of its financial position and receives no
funding or guarantees from the fiscus," he said.

Some analysts said the funding of this magnitude is a good move of putting South
Africa in an appealing category in order to attract potential investors and also
building towards  an "A" investment grade compared to other countries in the
continent and globally.

bernards@thenewage.co.za

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 TNA Media (Pty.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                     ICC Financial Analysis Reports (Irish)
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                December 6, 2016

          DUN LAOGHAIRE RATHDOWN COUNTY ESTATE MANAGEMENT FORA COMPANY
                              LIMITED BY GUARANTEE

                          MOUNTTOWN COMMUNITY FACILITY
                          MEADOWLANDS/FITZGERALD PARK
                                LOWER MOUNTTOWN
                                 DUN LAOGHAIRE


TRADE ADDRESS: Mounttown Community Facility Mea Lower Mounttown, DUN LAOGHAIRE

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: E0511648

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 5, 2012
EMPLOYEES: 1

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Christopher Furlong
     ·    Georgina Potts
     ·    Fiona Kelly
     ·    Susan O' Neill
     ·    Caroline Mcdermott
     ·    Kevin Reid
     ·    William Curran
     ·    David Kearney
     ·    John Turner


Go To ICC Directors (Irish)
SECRETARY:

     ·    FionaKelly


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Social Work Activities Without Accommodation
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY SIZE:  Company Size / Status unknown

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
8532

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: September 30, 2015

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  September 30, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Type not available
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 4, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  23,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 EUR       EUR       EUR
Tangible Assets                                    0         0         0
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         0         0
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                          25,712    11,638    28,843
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0     6,135         0
Other Current Assets                          25,712    17,774    28,843
Total Current Assets                          25,712    17,774    28,843
Fixed Assets                                       0         0         0
Intermediate Assets                                0         0         0
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                  25,712    17,774    28,843



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/09/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 EUR       EUR       EUR
Creditors                                          0        69         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             17,902     3,204       800
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           0         0         0
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                     17,902     3,204       800
Short Term Loans                                   0         0         0
Long Term Loans                                    0         0         0
Long Term Bank Loan                                0         0         0
Other Long Term Finance                            0         0         0
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
Total Current Liabilities                     17,902     3,272       800
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             17,902     3,272       800
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  7,810    14,502    28,043
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                              7,810    14,502    28,043
Called Up Share Capital                            0         0         0
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 0         0         0
Contingent Liabilities                             0         0         0
NET ASSETS                                     7,810    14,502    28,043


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/09/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           5         4         3
                         EUR       EUR       EUR
Total Sales           45,000    20,850    51,901
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit          45,000    20,850    51,901
Operating Profit       -6692    -13542    28,049
Export                     0         0         0
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           0         0         5
Pretax Profit          -6692    -13542    28,043
Taxation                   0         0         0
Profit After Tax       -6692    -13542    28,043
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits       -6692    -13542    28,043
Value Added           30,955    10,089    43,280
Capital Employed       7,810    14,502    28,043
Net Worth              7,810    14,502    28,043
Working Capital        7,810    14,502    28,043
Emp. Renumeration     37,646    23,631    15,232
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees               950       678       630
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               0         0         0
Number of                  1         1         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               30/09/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     EUR       EUR       EUR
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities            11,083    -13550    22,720
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And             0         0        -4
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                     11,083    -13550    22,716
Net Cashflow From Financing                            0         0         0
Increase In Cash                                  11,083    -13550    22,716

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2 3 Years      5
                    Years          Years
                      EUR     EUR    EUR
Sales              115.82   -13.3      -
Pretax             -50.59 -123.86      -
Total Assets        44.66  -10.86      -
Current Assets      44.66  -10.86      -
Current            447.11 2,137.9      -
Liabilities                     4
Capital Employed   -46.14  -72.15      -
Employee Wages      59.31  147.16      -
Number of               0       -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 17,091 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
85320 Social work activities without accommodation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -7.33     1.82    18.11
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.88     1.25    14.58
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -6.01     1.34    11.07
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               62.5   143.75   262.75
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        10.2        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.63     4.76
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,349.0 23,238.6 31,623.2
                                                          6        4        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    13,600 19,249.2 25,290.1
                                                                   2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  22,511.0   34,000   56,000
                                                          4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                     68    55.68    37.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        7
Year -1  9
=        7
Year -2  2
=        5
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/09/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -85.68    -93.38       100
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -26.02    -76.19     97.23
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            -85.68    -93.38       100
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -14.87    -64.95     54.03
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          175.01    117.31    179.94
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     0         0         0
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        17.36     69.55     54.03
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         0         0         0
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.44      5.43     36.06
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.44      5.43     36.06
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             0         0         0
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                    0.3      0.82      0.97
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         0         0         0
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     0         0      0.02
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     37,646.4  23,631.1         -
(GBP)                                                  6
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  83.66    113.34     29.35
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -6691.52  -13541.7         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               44,999.5 20,850.37         -
                                                       2
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          7,810.16 14,501.68         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               0         0         0
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        25,712.2 17,773.79         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -21.62   -134.22     64.79
Value Added / Sales (%)                            68.79     48.39     83.39
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         30,954.9 10,089.34         -
                                                       4
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 0.82      0.43      2.84
Sales / Audit Fees                                 47.37     30.75     82.38
Total Assets / Audit Fees                          27.07     26.22     45.78
Creditors / Debtors                                    0         -         0
Total Debt / Working Capital                           0         0         0
Total Debt / Total Assets                              0         0         0

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: EUR 7,810

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             June 9, 2016 Thursday

Shelter for the shelterless

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 161

LENGTH: 971  words


The World Bank and Association of Builders and Developers (ABAD) appear to be
very concerned about the plight of homeless and those living in shanty towns. At
a meeting of the National Financial Inclusion Strategy on housing finance in
Karachi, Loic Chiquier, World Bank's Global Lead on housing finance, said that
Pakistan should introduce soft loans schemes aimed at the less privileged strata
of society for providing them affordable housing, and take a requisite action
for building a future plan for the low-income segment. The Chairman ABAD, Hanif
Gohar, has stated that his association is working on building low-cost houses
for less privileged people to fulfil a society responsibility. However, it is
not possible to construct millions of houses single-handedly.

State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) should ask all the commercial banks to release more
loans for housing. According to Arif Jeewa of ABAD, no work has been done to
provide low-cost houses for the people from the low-income groups on government
level although there is a shortage of more than 8.8 million units in Pakistan
which in itself is "a great challenge as well as a great opportunity." The
patron-in-chief ABAD, Mohsin Sheikhani, said that 38 percent of Pakistan's
population is living in slums and bigger cities are growing due to the influx of
people from rural areas. Sindh has over 1400 Katchi Abadis while Karachi alone
was home to 500 of these slums. Almost 10 million out of 20 million people in
Karachi are living in slums which means that they have no permanent address.
ABAD is ready to build "free of cost" apartments on modern lines for slum
dwellers and turn these areas into gated communities with hospitals, schools and
other civic facilities for the residents. The government was given a formula
whereby builders would build houses and other civic facilities on half the slum
lands and develop commercial and residential projects on the other half. IGP
Sindh had recently accepted that slums were major source of law and order in
Karachi. ABAD would like to have this project as a social responsibility and not
for profit only. The meeting was also attended by some other important staff
members of the World Bank and it was agreed that committees consisting of
various stakeholders would be formed to come up with proposals to avail housing
finance at affordable rates for the common man.

We don't know whether the World Bank or ABAD would really be able to proceed in
the desired direction and solve the problem but they have certainly highlighted
an important national issue which, if left unresolved, could breed more crimes
and ultimately create chaos in society. It may be recalled that only 17 percent
of population lived in cities when Pakistan came into being in 1947. Not only a
small minority lived in cities at that time, but land, infrastructure and other
routine affairs of the urban centres were managed according to well laid-out
systems and by institutions inherited from the British. Municipal corporations
and committees oversaw the routine affairs of urban management and maintained
proper records of old and new developments. Urban boundaries were well
articulated and all categories of land were well documented. Urbanisation in
Pakistan started moving at a swift pace and that too in a rudderless fashion
soon after the Partition. Approach and conduct that characterised land
management in cities changed drastically for the worse with so many pressure
groups vying for the pie and trying to get it by fair or foul means.
Unfortunately, although half of the country's population is projected to be
living in cities by 2030, no progress has been made to ensure that the slum
dwellers are able to live in an organised fashion and not in sub-human
conditions. Problems in cities are increasing by the day due to continuing
influx of people from rural areas to slum areas in the urban centres in search
of livelihood. Strange is the fact that no record of people coming to slum areas
is available with local bodies or law enforcement agencies and a lack of record
has created a number of problems with law and order and toxic conditions
emerging as the major issues. The idea of turning slum areas into organised
colonies with reasonable facilities is of course noble and appreciable but the
point of critical determination is whether the proposals of the World Bank and
ABAD could do the trick and be successful in doing the job. Most of their
proposals are based on adequate provision of bank credit at affordable rates
from the financial system of the country. In our view, total dependence on the
banking system for the task at hand is hardly feasible. Banks have a limited
ability to extend credit which they have to disburse among various sectors of
the economy keeping in view their ability and willingness to repay the loans and
the level of profitability to be earned by banks. The record of repayment of
housing loans, including from the HBFC is very poor and slum dwellers have no
worthwhile collateral to offer. Also, there is no guarantee that only deserving
persons will be able to get the loans and benefit from the proposal. The Yellow
Cab Scheme for the poor was grossly abused and some of the people in slum areas
have made it a profession to exploit conditions and incentives offered in the
shanty towns. Besides, there is no guarantee that ABAD's suggestions are
motivated solely by humanitarian considerations. Some of their members have not
kept their promises and inflicted sufferings on the buyers of their
well-advertised schemes. How could they be trusted with management of land and
people's money for welfare purposes in future is anybody's guess. A better
alternative could be the assignment of this crucial task to an efficient
government department or a well-reputed corporate enterprise.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                         Examiner First Edition Edition

Northern campus move to Inveresk mooted

BYLINE: ISABEL BIRD Education reporter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 366 words


MOVING the University of Tasmania's Northern campus from Newnham to Inveresk has
been raised as a possibility, as Senate scrutiny over the federal government's
higher education reform package continues.

Community leaders, including the Launceston Chamber of Commerce, have had
informal discussions into the possible consolidation of the university's campus
from Newnham to Inveresk.

The University of Tasmania has already forecast a $30 million loss should the
Higher Education and Research Reform Amendment Bill pass in its current form,
with reduced government funding under a fee-deregulated system and hikes on
student loan interest.

When pressed last week about its future, University of Tasmania vice-chancellor
Peter Rathjen could not guarantee that the Northern campus would not close.

"We can't guarantee anything, at any time," he said.

Professor Rathjen did, however, express continued commitment to its Inveresk
facility, in line with a plan for a $83 million health and sports development
renamed Tamar Health.

"We are committed to Launceston and we are seeking to grow here, and we are
committed to grow on this site, where we think, by placing more staff and more
students, we can contribute to the economic and social life of Launceston as a
city," Professor Rathjen said.

Consultant Rhys Edwards, who is also a member of the University Council
appointed by the former Education Minister, is currently renewing a business
model for Tamar Health, to mount a case for Commonwealth funding.

Launceston Chamber of Commerce chief executive Maree Tetlow said stakeholders
had discussed the possible future location of the university after a formal
briefing by the university about Tamar Health.

"We all appreciate that the Northern campus is going to need to specialise to
ensure its sustainability," she said.

"Depending on the business case we would overall support a move for the Northern
campus to be moved closer into the city, be that Inveresk or other locations
around the city."

Greens Senator Peter Whish-Wilson said universities located close or within
cities created a vibrant social hub.

He said any plan to move the university from Newnham would need funding, vision
and political will.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Peter Rathjen

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                            October 15, 2012 Monday

Rashpal chairs maiden Kissans Welfare Board meeting

LENGTH: 526 words

DATELINE: SRINAGAR


SRINAGAR, Oct. 15 -- A meeting of Srinagar District Advisory Board for
Development of Kissans was held here Monday under the Chairmanship of Rachpal
Singh, Vice Chairman Jammu and Kashmir State Advisory Board for Development of
Kissans.

In the meeting the problems confronted to the farming community of the district
were discussed at length. On spot directions were issued to the concerned
officers for taking remedial measures for mitigating the problems of the
farmers.

The Vice Chairman instructed the Executive Engineer Irrigation for formulation
of proposal for provision of proper irrigation facilities at various places as
demanded by the Orchardists/farmers.

He issued instructions to the Chief Horticulture Officer setting up of nurseries
so that the fruit plants conducive to the atmosphere of the area are provided to
the orchardists. The Vice Chairman informed the meeting that as per norms no
guarantee is required for loan up to Rs. one lakh to the farmers on Kissan
Credit Card.

The lead Bank Officer was directed to get all the pending cases cleared for
grant of loan which are in different banks of the District. The confirmation
regarding the number cases in which loan on Kissan Credit Cards have been
granted during last year and current financial year was also provided.

The Chief Agriculture Officers was asked for preparation and issuance of Kissan
Credit Cards to the left over farmers as early as possible. He along with
District Horticulture Officer was issued instructions for preparation of Soil
Health cards and soil testing laboratory in the District which should be made
functional at an earliest.

He also directed the Chief Agriculture Officer to get the enforcement wing
activated so that the sale of spurious fertilizers, pesticides and fungicides is
stopped.

It was also stressed for maintenance of irrigation canals and construction of
check dams for provision of irrigation facilities to farming community.

Instructions were issued to the concerned department for setting up of small
milk plants, cold stores, sheep farms and diary units by involving the local
unemployed youth who can be given incentives/subsidies for setting up such units
by the Government under Sher-i-Kashmir Employment Scheme.

The District Sheep Husbandry Officers/Animal Husbandry Officers were directed
for provision of mobile veterinary centers.

The Chief Agriculture/Horticulture Officers were instructed to provide more and
more Vermi compost pits to the farmers so that use of organic fertilizers is
encouraged. He also stressed for maintaining quality for horticulture products
conservation of agriculture land and prevention its control for non-agricultural
purposes.

Among others, Secretary Kissan Board G. N. Mir, Director ex-SUKAST Prof. A.
Kamali, Joint Director DDC/Srinagar Qazi Aijaz Rashid, Deputy Director AMO/Hort,
Chief Agriculture Officer G. M. Rather and other senior officers of the
concerned departments were present on the occasion. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 9, 2017

                          MID-ARMAGH COMMUNITY NETWORK

                              MILLAR MEMORIAL HALL
                                 32 MAIN STREET
                                   MARKETHILL
                                ARMAGH BT60 1PL


TRADE ADDRESS: Millar Memorial Hall 32 Main Street, Markethill, ARMAGH BT60 1PL

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: NI054732

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 15, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr. Conrad Clarke, Spares Controller
     ·    Mrs. Sharon Mckelvey, Catering And Restaurant Manager
     ·    Mrs. Hilary Ann Margaret Singleton, Solicitor
     ·    Mr David Alfred Alexander, Retired
     ·    Ms Lynn Harrison, Classroom Assistant
     ·    Mr William David Henry Anderson, Retired


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrsSharonMckelvey


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 31, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  April 15, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  15,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                  101       400       200
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                               101       400       200
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          21,658    17,185    35,589
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                          21,658    17,185    35,589
Total Current Assets                          21,658    17,185    35,589
Fixed Assets                                     101       400       200
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  21,759    17,585    35,789



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            21,759         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0    17,585    35,789
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             21,759    17,585    35,789
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)            21,759         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      21,759    17,585    35,789
Net Worth             21,759    17,585    35,789
Working Capital       21,658    17,185    35,589
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets        23.74  -39.2 -19.21
Current Assets      26.03 -39.14 -18.38
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed    23.74  -39.2 -19.21
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        4
Year -1  7
=        0
Year -2  9
=        6
Year -3  9
=        8

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Shriver Price & Co

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 6, 2017

                    WORCESTER WARRIORS COMMUNITY FOUNDATION

                                SIXWAYS STADIUM
                                 PERSHORE LANE
                                    HINDLIP
                               WORCESTER WR5 2SB


TRADE ADDRESS: 21 Talavera Road, WORCESTER WR5 2SB

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01905454183
URL: www.warriors.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06902389

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 11, 2009
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 4

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Cecil Duckworth, Company Director
     ·    Mr Roger David Murray, Retired
     ·    Carol Hart, National Community Involvement
     ·    Mrs Louise Hewett, Director
     ·    Mr Gregory Raymond Allen, Business Consultant
     ·    Mr Chris Pennell, Professional Rugby Player
     ·    Mr Jim Painter, Consultant


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    SheenaJones


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110
88000
93199
94110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 25, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 11, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                6,573     6,873     9,960
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             6,573     6,873     9,960
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          48,550    56,865    38,217
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                          48,550    56,865    38,217
Total Current Assets                          48,550    56,865    38,217
Fixed Assets                                   6,573     6,873     9,960
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  55,123    63,738    48,177



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              3,767     6,665     3,693
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      3,767     6,665     3,693
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      3,767     6,665     3,693
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              3,767     6,665     3,693
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 51,356    57,073    44,484
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             51,356    57,073    44,484
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    51,356    57,073    44,484


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales           24,145   107,260    63,015
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit          24,145   107,260    63,015
Operating Profit       -5717    12,589       951
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          -5717    12,589       951
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax       -5717    12,589       951
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits       -5717    12,589       951
Value Added           18,762    67,874    49,760
Capital Employed      51,356    57,073    44,484
Net Worth             51,356    57,073    44,484
Working Capital       44,783    50,200    34,524
Emp. Renumeration     21,139    52,198    46,712
Dir. Renumeration     15,354         0         0
Audit Fees                 0         0         -
Non-audit Fees         1,920     1,920         -
Depreciation           3,340     3,087     2,097
Number of                  4         4         3
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales              -77.49 -61.68 -57.93
Pretax             -145.4 -701.1 -145.7
                        1      6      8
Total Assets       -13.52  14.42   4.29
Current Assets     -14.62  27.04  -0.28
Current            -43.48      2 -59.59
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -10.02  15.45  17.97
Employee Wages      -59.5 -54.75      -
Number of               0  33.33      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  86
=
Year -1  85
=
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -11.13     22.06      2.14
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -10.37     19.75      1.97
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            -11.13     22.06      2.14
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -23.68     11.74      1.51
Sales / Total Assets (%)                            43.8    168.28     130.8
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            3.67     15.61      6.33
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       185.48      46.8     54.79
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               12.89      8.53     10.35
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 12.89      8.53     10.35
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.93       0.9      0.92
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     5,284.75  13,049.5 15,570.67
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  87.55     48.66     74.13
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -1429.25  3,147.25       317
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               6,036.25    26,815    21,005
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees            12,839 14,268.25    14,828
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        1,643.25  1,718.25     3,320
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        13,780.7  15,934.5    16,059
                                                       5
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   -30.47     18.55      1.91
Value Added / Sales (%)                            77.71     63.28     78.97
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)          4,690.5  16,968.5 16,586.67
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 0.89       1.3      1.07
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 51,356

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           November 24, 1972, Friday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 1

LENGTH: 221 words

NYC Deputy Mayor E K Hamilton and NYC HRA Admr Sugarman, in separate ints on Nov
22, rept despite crime and other problems associated with single-room-occupancy
buildings welfare recipients will continue to be placed each mo in such
facilities; say city has found that buildings are most economical and practical
available for housing welfare clients; assert even public housing would cost
more than $110 to $150 a mo currently allotted for housing such clients; note
effort to house recipients elsewhere would meet heavy community opposition;
Hamilton comments on recommendations of recently released study by NYC Budget
Bur; says kind of approach recommended is expensive; adds no community welcomes
such facilities; asserts city is discussing establishment of pilot nonprofit
home for single welfare clients; Sugarman discloses that he is discussing with
some voluntary agencies the possibility of providing supportive services for
single welfare clients; notes he and Hamilton agree that it is not desirable to
build special housing for problem singles away from city, as had been suggested
by some officials; Hamilton proposes that city offer hotel owners subsidized
low-interest loans and loan guarantees to help them improve welfare client
facilities; urges that screening and referral of clients be done more carefully

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                 March 29, 2009
                                   Edition 1

Banks let 120 small businesses go under every day;
The government claims its Enterprise Finance Guarantee scheme is working but
small firms insist the banks are still applying it unfairly. Rachel Bridge
reports

BYLINE: Rachel Bridge

SECTION: BUSINESS;BUSINESS; Pg. 8,9

LENGTH: 3294 words


When Frank Stevens asked Barclays bank for a £500,000 loan to help pay for a new
showroom at his boat business in Weymouth, the bank said yes - on condition that
he first deposited the same amount, £500,000, at the bank.

Stevens - whose firm, Blue Water Horizons, is just yards from where the 2012
Olympics sailing events will take place and so hopes to benefit from the surge
in visitors - was astounded by the bank's response. He said: "I couldn't believe
it when they told me. If I had the money in the first place I wouldn't need to
go to the bank to borrow it." His experience is by no means unique. Happily for
Stevens, the money he needed was to expand his already thriving business. For
many other small firms, though, the money they seek will spell the difference
between survival and disaster.

When the government unveiled its Enterprise Finance Guarantee (EFG) scheme a few
months ago to help small firms that were facing temporary cash-flow problems,
there were loud cheers from Britain's small-business community.

With delayed payments from customers who owed money adding to the problems they
were already experiencing in the face of declining sales, the promise of an
instant injection of cash to tide them over a difficult patch was extremely
appealing. With the government pledging to back £1.3 billion in loans and
overdrafts with a 75% guarantee so as to encourage banks to lend, they thought
they could at last begin to sleep more easily.

Sadly it hasn't quite turned out that way. Britain's highstreet banks are still
refusing to lend to small businesses and the consequences are proving
catastrophic. About 120 small firms are going bust every day and thousands more
are teetering on the brink of bankruptcy.

As a result 36,000 small firms are expected to close down this year, according
to BDO Stoy Hayward, the business adviser, causing the loss of 150,000 jobs.

And a large part of the blame, claim small firms, lies squarely with the banks,
which are putting up every kind of obstacle to prevent small firms getting the
financial help that they need.

Over the past few weeks The Sunday Times has received dozens of e-mails from
smallbusiness owners who have been refused a loan under the EFG scheme or who
are struggling with the hurdles involved in accessing it. And this is just the
tip of the iceberg.

Steve Hay at the accountancy firm 2020 said: "Every one of my clients who has
applied for EFG has been knocked back. I haven't heard of anybody getting a loan
under this scheme.

They get to a first meeting with the bank and that is as far as it gets. The
banks have no interest in lending money." Indeed, anecdotal evidence suggests
that many of the loans that are being made under the EFG scheme are not actually
new funding at all, but merely a transfer of an existing loan or overdraft
facility with a small top-up into the scheme.

The banks themselves are certainly not going out of their way to be helpful.
Small businesses applying for funding say that getting a response of any kind
can take several weeks, with letters going unanswered and their phone calls not
returned.

David Hallett is managing director of Carrot Fitness, a health and fitness club
in Stourbridge, West Midlands. He said: "We thought that the introduction of a
new scheme would help, but it hasn't made a blind bit of difference. The bank
doesn't return our calls and their attitude on the telephone is not at all
helpful." Small-business organisations say firms, many of which have been with
the same bank for years and know the manager personally, feel betrayed by the
shift in attitude.

Stephen Alambritis at the Federation of Small Businesses (FSB) said: "Firms are
feeling let down by a bank manager who wanted to know them for the past 10 years
but now all of a sudden isn't returning their phone calls." One of the biggest
bones of contention is that even though the government has said that banks
should not be taking small-business owners' homes as security for a loan or
overdraft made under the EFG scheme, in practice this is exactly what they are
doing.

Huw Radley has been trying to negotiate an overdraft facility of £250,000 with
Royal Bank of Scotland to support his business Solent Composite Systems, based
near Portsmouth, which provides technology and manufacturing for the energy
industry. Having initially been prepared to provide an overdraft backed by an
unsupported personal guarantee, RBS is now demanding that he put up his home as
security, something Radley is refusing to do.

He said: "Quite apart from the fact that we will never do it on that basis, this
approach is specifically prohibited within the EFG scheme. However, no amount of
discussion or argument will get RBS away from that stance, and of late we are
barely on speaking terms as a result of their endless intransigence.

We have been in business for five years, and until now have never had any need
for any loans. I'm incredibly frustrated and angry." Aiden Kelly, who owns
Pearce Security, a specialist manufacturing business in Gateshead, has also
found himself facing demands from his bank to put his home up as security.

He applied for a £100,000 loan under the EFG, of which £30,000 was to replace an
existing unsuitable factoring agreement, to help him meet new orders. But he was
told by his bank that he would be required to put up his home as security before
it could proceed with his application.

Kelly said: "I am frustrated and angry, partly because what the government is
saying and what the banks are saying is 100% contradictory. The government can
say all it wants about helping small businesses, but if the banks don't want to
do it then they're not going to. That is the problem." Banks are also demanding
a whole new raft of personal details and information to support an application
for funding that would never have been required in the past.

Roger Paine is the managing director of Video Meeting International, a small
videoconferencing business based in Cheltenham. When he unsuccessfully applied
for a £30,000 loan under the EFG, he discovered that the bank was more
interested in looking at his personal circumstances than the business plan and
cashflow projections he presented.

He said: "The banks are not basing their lending decisions on the viability of
the business, the business expansion plans, cash-flow projections and current
and previous trading history as they should be doing, and as the government
states that they are, but on irrelevant personal credit information.

"Apparently this is a new procedure that all the banks are doing without letting
businesses know at the beginning of the scheme. The EFG scheme is a complete and
utter joke and a waste of time and doesn't help small businesses that
desperately need funding now - not in five weeks' time. It is a complete load of
government spin." Meanwhile, the government has made a difficult situation a
hundred times worse, say small firms, by suspending the highly popular Small
Firms Loan Guarantee (SFLG) scheme when the EFG was launched.

The SFLG scheme was run on similar lines to the EFG, but without the need for
such stringent security requirements.

And while it was privately loathed by the banks that had to administer it, it
was much loved by small-business owners for whom it made a real difference and
was seen as having played an important role in supporting small firms as they
grew.

In the past the SFLG scheme - in which the government guaranteed 75% of loans
made by the banks to small businesses of between £5,000 and £250,000 for up to
10 years - helped small businesses such as The Body Shop, Waterstone's and
Coffee Republic to expand and grow.

Suddenly axing it without warning has delivered a horrible double whammy to
small firms, which had been expecting to be able to access it and benefit from
it this year. For them the government's actions have made their situation
infinitely more precarious and brought the prospect of insolvency that much
closer..

Hay at 2020 said that the loss of the SFLG had delivered a real body blow to
many small businesses.

"The SFLG has been around for many years and it has always worked. It was a real
shot in the arm for some firms.

The rules were clear and there for all to see, and to suddenly stop that scheme
and replace it with something else is absolutely crazy. All they needed to do
was change the rules of the old scheme very slightly so the banks could lend
more or to other businesses.

"There is no rhyme nor reason to it. A lot of small companies are really going
to struggle this year without the SFLG.

Instead of making it better, the government has actually made the situation 100%
worse." John Evans is director of JRE, based in the Midlands. He said that his
firm had in the past received funding from the SFLG and paid it back in full,
but he was refused help under the EFG scheme.

He said the provision of the EFG should be taken out of the hands of the
high-street banks.

"I suggest that we tell the banks to repay all publicprovided funds and set up
the Post Office with the capability of putting these monies into the community
by the provision of lending by mortgages and overdrafts with proper commercial
rules," he said. "They have the regional infrastructure and could occupy the
redundant bank buildings." Small businesses are also angry that the government
has failed to impose specific controls and conditions on the way the banks lend
money under the EFG..

Alambritis at the FSB said that although the government had attempted to do the
right thing by making £1.3 billion available for small firms, it had made a
fundamental mistake by not putting more conditions in place as to how the banks
should distribute it.

"The government had good intentions to bail out the banks in order to bail out
small businesses, but what it should have done is been a bit smarter and paid
the banks in instalments, pending evidence that they were passing on the money
to small businesses.

"The banks are hoodwinking the government by allowing their branch managers to
turn people away. The frustration of small businesses is that the banks have
been bailed out and helped, and so small businesses then had their expectations
raised that it was their turn to be helped out by the banks, but that didn't
happen." Justin Hunt, who owns a small business doing commercial contracts for
grounds maintenance in East Anglia, thinks the banks and the government could be
doing a lot more to support small businesses.

He said: "Britain is not a business-friendly country..

When push comes to shove, it is the individual who takes the risk - all of it
and with absolutely no help from government or any banks.

"Help doesn't have to be financial - it could be tax breaks or an easing of red
tape, in particular health-and-safety bureaucracy or even bringing in
legislation to force companies to pay their bills on time. I get fed up hearing
idiots from the government who have never taken a risk in their life or even had
a vaguely productive job, telling us how things should be done, or vacillating
about how much the government is doing to help the smallbusiness community that
they always proclaim is the lifeblood of the economy. It's nonsense and leaves
me in despair." Hugh Scott, managing director of data-leakage-prevention firm
ASL Security, which has 12 employees and an annual turnover of £1m, is also
disillusioned with his bank.

He said: "I submitted a business plan to HSBC before Christmas 2008 and the
local commercial manager came to see us and agreed a £50,000 overdraft.

I offered a personal guarantee and a debenture on the company.

This was all agreed and the security was taken in February. No sooner was the
security in place, however, than HSBC changed its mind, blaming the EFG scheme,
something it had never mentioned before and offered us only a £20,000
overdraft..

"On the back of the agreed facility, I took on two new salesmen.

HSBC is unwinding the security and has refunded all charges, but what a waste of
time and effort." Frank Stevens, meanwhile, who had hoped to build his new
showroom and visitor facility at his Weymouth boat business in time for the
Olympics, believes that the real problem is that local bank managers are no
longer allowed to make lending decisions.

He has already obtained full planning permission for the new building and
amassed a deposit of £250,000 to put towards the £750,000 cost - but without a
£500,000 loan from the bank is not able to get started.

He said: "The banks are just doing everything in their power to bolster their
balance sheets. I had a meeting with the regional director and he admitted that
they were not interested in taking on any new business. I feel very frustrated
because the problem with the banks is they are just taking a global view and
they are not looking at individual cases. In our case we are sitting literally
300 yards from the site of the sailing Olympics. We might be a bubble that is
doing extremely well, but the banks should take account of that." Small firms
feel that the high-street banks are letting them down in other ways, too.

A survey of small firms carried out by the UK200 Group, an association of
independent professionals including lawyers and accountants, found that almost
half of the respondents said their banks had imposed changes to overdrafts or
loans, with 27% claiming that these changes had taken place without notice. Of
those surveyed, 13.5% said they had had their overdraft or loan facilities
removed altogether.

And a recent survey of 6,000 small businesses by the FSB found that 18% of those
taking part said there had been an increase in bank fees compared with last
year.

Most respondents said that the interest rate they were being charged on
overdrafts and loans was being kept at between 5 and 10 percentage points above
Bank rate. A third of the small firms surveyed said their bank was less helpful
now than it had been before the credit crunch began.

Small-business organisations are now calling on the banks to act fast to prevent
the terrible consequences of their continuing failure to lend.

Alambritis said that the expected loss of some 36,000 small businesses this year
would be a tragedy for the whole country. "When small businesses close down they
rarely reappear. So you lose that diversity and that choice for consumers.

"Big companies like car giants will close branches and factories and downscale
and stop making a certain car. But a small business just closes down and the
livelihood of the entrepreneur goes as well." Phil Orford, chief executive of
the Forum of Private Business, added: "The consequence of small businesses not
being able to access adequate finance from lenders is stark - a great many more
could be forced to close. Cash must start flowing for the sake of small
businesses and the economy as a whole.

Time is of the essence."

THE ENTERPRISE FINANCE GUARANTEE

THE Enterprise Finance Guarantee scheme was set up by the government this year
with the aim of helping viable small businesses that were facing temporary
cash-flow difficulties - because of late payments from creditors, for example.

The funding of £1.3 billion, which can be given in the form of loans or
overdrafts, is 75% guaranteed by the government and is available to small
businesses that have a turnover of up to £25m.

The loans, which are made by high-street banks, can vary in size from £1,000 to
£1m and run for a period of up to 10 years..

The government has expressly stated that banks are not allowed to demand a
family home as security.

They are, though, entitled to ask for personal guarantees of up to 100% from the
owners of the business.

Baroness Vadera, the minister for small business, said that the scheme - part of
a package of funding measures announced by the government - had so far received
eligible applications totalling £115m.

With applications running at a rate of £30m a week, the £1.3 billion should be
distributed within the year, as planned.

WHAT FIRMS NEED: OUR MANIFESTO

A speedy response. High-street banks are taking six weeks and longer to respond
to applications for funding under the Enterprise Finance Guarantee scheme. But
small businesses often need the money quickly to pay wages at the end of the
week or buy stock to fulfil orders. At the very least the banks should answer
their letters and return their phone calls.

A firm commitment from the banks that they will stop demanding security over
business owners' homes, in line with the government's recommendations.

Greater power to be given to local bank managers to make lending decisions
instead of a faceless credit controller at head office.

Branch managers know their local market and the businesses that are operating in
it. Also, the ability to build a personal relationship between a business and
the bank benefits both sides.

Proper advance notice that existing banking arrangements are about to be changed
or new charges introduced.

A greater level of understanding from the banks about the challenges small
businesses are facing today. Firms that may have been doing well only six months
ago could be struggling now through no fault of their own and they need
practical help, not lectures or blame.

Help us to help you: join our campaign

Small-business owners are angry at the way they are being treated by the banks
and want the government to take more effective action to help them.

E-mail your views to smallbusiness @sundaytimes.co. uk

HITTING A BRICK WALL

Lloyds gets too personal

LYNDA GAULD, left, owns public-affairs consultancy Bacchus in Edinburgh.

She contacted her bank, Lloyds TSB, to request a small increase of £3,000 in her
business overdraft, only to be told that it would not be approved because she
was overdrawn on her personal account with the same bank.

She said: "This was not an issue when I had the initial business overdraft and a
business credit card agreed a year ago.

We have a cash-flow blip just now and corporation tax due, but the bank wanted
me to use the remaining funds in the business account to settle the personal
account, or to take out a repayment loan to pay off the personal-account
overdraft. I'm very annoyed.

"Instead of assisting a small company that is solvent and in good shape, with an
additional £60,000 of contracts signed up and not yet started, with great
prospects, we get our personal accounts raked over. My personal financial
standing should not have any bearing on my business account, which is exemplary.
I have banked with Lloyds TSB for 30 years but am so annoyed I am now in the
process of moving my business account elsewhere."

TROUBLE IN STORE

I'm disappointed and let down by the banks

JOHN POTTER, left, owns three Area clothes shops in southern England selling
ladies' fashionwear and accessories, which between them generate a turnover of
more than £1.5m. He applied for a loan under the Enterprise Finance Guarantee
scheme from Barclays to get some additional working capital but was turned down.

He had been asked by the bank to provide valuations and details of existing
mortgage commitments on the directors' main homes, even though the government
has expressly said that banks are not entitled to ask for security based on the
owner's main residence..

"I feel disappointed and let down by Barclays," said Potter. "I also feel that
they are not operating in the spirit of the scheme that was intended by the
government.

We are very happy to provide full personal guarantees because we believe in the
business so much. But I am not happy about Barclays asking for mortgage security
on my home, which is specifically excluded from the scheme.

"Clearly the scheme is not working. The government may have good intentions, but
I think that the money that has been provided to the banks is just not getting
through to small businesses."

'' BANKS ARE STILL REFUSING TO LEND FREELY

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Left adrift by his bank: Frank Stevens couldn't get a loan to expand
his firm Blue Water Horizons
PHIL YEOMANS
ZACHARY CULPIN
WATTIE CHEUNG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 14, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

CHRYSLER CONFIRMS EARLY REPAYMENT

BYLINE: By JOHN HOLUSHA, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 5, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 829 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 13


Lee A. Iacocca, the chairman of the Chrysler Corporation, announced today that
the company would pay off within a few weeks the remaining $800 million of
federally guaranteed loans that saved the company from bankruptcy.

The announcement gave Chrysler the means to argue that the Federal Government
was no longer at risk in backing Chrysler loans and therefore might consider
concessions to the auto maker in disposing of 14.4 million stock-purchase
warrants.

''We are about to re-establish Chrysler as a successful private corporation that
pays its own way,'' a jubilant Mr. Iacocca said in a luncheon speech to the
National Press Club.

Less than three years ago, Chrysler, battered by a 1980 loss of $1.7 billion,
was forced to raise its Government-guaranteed borrowings to $1.2 billion to stay
in business.

Treasury Secretary Donald T. Regan, who attended the luncheon at Mr. Iacocca's
invitation, said that the Government was considering selling the 14.4 million
Chrysler stock warrants it holds, possibly to Chrysler itself. Or, he said, the
warrants could be sold in the securities markets to investors. He ruled out
canceling the warrants.

Mr. Regan is chairman of the Government's Chrysler Loan Guarantee Board, which
supervised the loan guarantees, and this was his first public pronouncement on
the warrants. The board had demanded the warrants as a quid pro quo for the loan
guarantees so that the Government, which took a risk with the loan guarantees at
a time when Chrysler seemed headed for bankruptcy, could share in the profit of
a Chrysler recovery.

Cash Value on Warrants

The warrants, which represent 9 percent of Chrysler's outstanding stock, are
regarded as having cash value because they can be used to buy Chrysler stock
from the corporation at $13 a share. The stock traded today on the New York
Stock Exchange at $31, up 25 cents.  That represents a potential profit for the
Government of $18 a share, or $259.2 million.

In May, Chrysler raised the possibility that the Government surrender the
warrants and forgo any profit. That angered some members of Congress, who
contended that the Government was entitled to make some money for having taking
a chance on Chrysler. The company withdrew the suggestion, but has continued to
discuss the issue with Government officials. Analysts have said that Chrysler
seeks some restrictions over the way the Government disposes of the warrants and
is concerned that uncertainty over the warrants can hurt the stock or make
public borrowing difficult.

Gerald Greenwald, Chrysler's vice chairman, said the $800 million loan repayment
would come from the company's cash reserves, which Wall Street analysts estimate
at more than $1.5 billion. ''We're going to write a check,'' he said. He said
the payment would not affect the company's plans to spend $8 billion on new
products and production facilities over the next five years.

Board Approves Repayment

On Tuesday night, the Chrysler Loan Guarantee Board approved the repayment,
which will come by the end of next month, more than seven years earlier than
required.

Mr. Iacocca said the company was making the payment to reduce its interest
expenses by $56 million a year. But he and other company executives said they
hoped the action would give Chrysler access to nonguaranteed bank loans and
other conventional private financing.

In addition, Chrysler would no longer be subject to supervision by the loan
board and would be in a position to consider resuming dividends to stockholders
once it pays off $120 million in accumulated preferred stock dividends. It would
also be free of restrictions on bonuses to executives.

Chrysler's rapid recovery from near insolvency was attributed by company
officials to cost cutting, an increased proportion of larger, more profitable
car sales and higher auto sales in general.

Mr. Iacocca said repayment of the guaranteed loans should hasten the resolution
of the warrants issue. ''Since as of today there is no loan guarantee act, and
therefore no risk to the Government, I am hopeful that we can reach an agreement
soon that is fair to everyone,'' he said.

Secretary Regan, the chairman of the loan board, said there was no consideration
of surrendering the warrants. Instead, he said the board would decide soon on
how to dispose of the warrants.

Chrysler paid back $400 million of its Government-backed loans last month, but
the decision to repay the remaining $800 million came as something of a
surprise.

''We believe this action should tell the financial community, but especially the
American car buyer, that we are here to stay and have the strength to compete
with anybody in the world,'' Mr. Iacocca declared.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Lee A. Iacocca

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           January 20, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

First Nations equity stakes in major projects proposed; If PM buys in,
implications huge for mining and pipeline projects

BYLINE: Peter O'Neil, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: B . C . / WORLD; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 908 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


A B.C. First Nations-led proposal to unlock billions of dollars in natural
resource wealth across the country has received seed funding from the federal
government, the Vancouver Sun has learned.

And if the First Nations Major Projects Coalition can persuade Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau to go a step further and accept their biggest request - loan
guarantees to allow aboriginal communities to buy equity stakes in major
projects - that could lead to a historic breakthrough, its backers say.

The loan-guarantee idea has been endorsed by the B.C. Business Council and the
Macdonald-Laurier Institute, an Ottawa-based think-tank.

Both said the proposal could resolve one of Canada's and B.C.'s most daunting
challenges - how to get approval for pipelines, mines and other projects after a
landmark 2014 Supreme Court of Canada expanded aboriginal land title rights.

"The development of the First Nations Major Projects Coalition is one of the
most exciting - and important - developments in indigenous business in recent
decades," said institute spokesman Brian Lee Crowley.

Jock Finlayson of the B.C. Business Council said his organization supports the
proposal in principle, even if a loan-support program could pose risks for
taxpayers if a project falls apart and a band were unable to repay its debt.

"It's important to recognize that taxpayers in Canada are already devoting many
billions of dollars to the First Nations file each year, very little of which
encourages, let alone helps to kick-start economic development," Finlayson said.

"If done right, allocating a modest sum to an initiative that makes more capital
available to First Nations that are keen to advance projects and accelerate
economic development in their communities could pay significant dividends for
everyone - aboriginal and non-aboriginal alike."

A federal spokeswoman, Michelle Perron, said Indigenous Affairs Minister Carolyn
Bennett "looks forward" to seeing the results of the coalition's examination of
the potential benefits of a government loan guarantee.

The coalition has made clear to corporate Canada that B.C. First Nations along
the corridor linking Prince George to the B.C. coast are not interested in
pipelines pumping diluted bitumen crude from Alberta. They fear an accident
could have devastating consequences to their fishing and hunting grounds. But
the group is prepared to negotiate with companies in areas such areas as mining
and liquefied natural gas, so long as the economic benefits are worthwhile and
the environmental risks minimized.

In late December, the coalition received the first instalment in a new
three-year, $3-million funding agreement to help the 22 First Nation signatories
advance their economic interests.

The money, on top of $2 million already contributed in start-up funds, is to be
used to help band leaders in remote communities meet to develop strategies and
negotiating positions.

They will also be able to hire experts in areas such as finance, environmental
assessment and government procurement to develop economic and environmental
plans to open the door to profitable and environmentally sustainable deals with
companies.

One goal is to prevent resource companies from coming into the region with a
divide-and-conquer strategy that results in less advantageous economic deals,
said one of the members of the coalition's steering committee.

"We're taking scraps off the table when our communities are divided. This will
allow us to work together," said Theresa Tait-Day, a hereditary chief with the
Wet'-suwet'en Nation, near Smithers But the coalition argues that true economic
development won't take place unless First Nations are allowed to take equity
stakes with firms operating on their territory.

The coalition is getting important support from two men. The first is Harold
Calla, a chartered accountant, Squamish First Nation member, and executive chair
of the First Nations Financial Management Board, a federal entity established in
the early 2000s to help entrepreneurial First Nations move away from the Indian
Act.

The other backer is retired B.C. Conservative senator Gerry St. Germain,
Canada's first selfdeclared Métis cabinet minister and former chairman of the
Senate's aboriginal peoples committee before his 2012 retirement.

St. Germain, who is working on a volunteer basis, has travelled the province
speaking to First Nations to promote the idea.

"Strength in numbers" is the Calla-St. Germain message as they help First
Nations co-operate to negotiate both equity deals and environmental reviews on
their traditional territories.

The backers are trying to avoid a repeat of what happened with the Pacific
Trails Pipeline project. Chevron Canada is planning to build a 480-kilometre
natural gas pipeline from Summit Lake, just north of Prince George, to feed its
proposed Kitimat LNG facility at Bish Cove on the B.C. coast.

A coalition of 16 First Nations negotiated a 30 per cent equity stake in the
project, but it hit a snag when they went to banks to come up with the
$300-million loan. The hefty interest rate offered was roughly equal to the 11
per cent annual return the deal would have brought them in dividends.

The First Nations ended up getting a settlement much lower than what an equity
agreement would have generated, Calla said. But if there were a government
guarantee providing the bank with assurance, the rate could be less than a third
of that - resulting in a steady profit for the band.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes launched to tap youth potential in KP

LENGTH: 702 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.


To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.
An official of Finance Department told media on Monday that Youth Marakaz will
be established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities
and colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.
He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.
He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.
In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.
He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.
Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.
The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.
Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.
He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.
Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.
Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.
The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.
Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.
The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.
He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.
He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.
The government strongly believed in the potential of all young
people and will continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in
the country's development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             October 3, 2010 Sunday

Rural areas get almost $200M boost;
Nebraska communities can build hospitals, grow businesses as stimulus money
starts flowing in.

BYLINE: ART HOVEY

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 827 words


As Nebraska's Rural Development Office closes out its work on the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act, the word "stimulus" becomes the shorthand
description for the $192,871,389 flowing into the state ahead of the Sept. 30
deadline.

According to some,"stimulus" has become a dirty word. Maxine Moul, state
director of the USDA agency, doesn't see it that way.

"We've had some marvelous celebrations with communities where they've had
significant projects," Moul said, "and I really liken the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act to the WPA, at least from our perspective at Rural Development,
because we've helped communities build facilities that will be there for 50 or
60 years into the future."

The WPA, also known as the Works Progress Administration, was one of President
Franklin Roosevelt's answers to the Great Depression of the 1930s.

Think highways, slum clearance, rural electrification and much more.

Circumstances may not be as dire, and jobs-related projects may not be evolving
on as grand a scale in Nebraska in 2010, but the stimulus money that Congress
approved in early 2009 has been turning up in lots of places in the state since
then.

· One of the late additions, ahead of the Thursday deadline, was a $12.6 million
loan to build a new Fillmore County Hospital.

· Prairieland Dairy at Firth, already a fixture in supplying Lincoln with milk
from a local source, will use part of its $650,000 loan to explore adding
butter, cheese and ice cream to its product mix.

· Ryan and Jamie Luttrell used a $208,000 Rural Development loan to accomplish a
transfer in ownership at Hebron's only hardware store.

· The Greater Wahoo Development Corp. is converting a $125,000 grant into a
revolving loan fund to get new businesses started. Wahoo Spine and Sport
Chiropractic and a new bar called the Wheelhouse are among the early results.

The list goes on under the headings of rural business enterprise grants,
business and industry loans, community facilities, and water and wastewater.
Also on the list of recipients in Southeast Nebraska are: Stromsburg, Falls
City, Pawnee City, Friend, Talmage, Weeping Water, Cook, Aurora, Wynot, Shelby
and Davey.

Ryan Luttrell, the new guy at True Value Hardware in Hebron, is grateful for the
help.

What it says to him is "they do care about rural communities and they want to
help them keep going by providing small-business loans," he said.

Not being able to get a loan at such an attractive interest rate might not have
been a deal breaker. But "it makes it a lot easier" as Hebron's hardware outlet
positions for the future.

"There's a lot of baby boomers moving back to rural communities," Luttrell said,
"because that's where they're going to retire."

Terry Landes of Prairieland Dairy and Doug Watts of Wahoo Economic Development
said stimulus money will make a difference for them, too.

"I'm not sure we'd be able to get a loan, with the economy we're sitting in,
without a USDA guarantee to the bank," Landes said.

Watts said Wahoo residents might not understand their new revolving loan fund is
stimulus money. Nonetheless, "especially for the times we're in, I think it's
very important.

"Banks want to help as much as they can," he said. "But there are a lot of
banking situations where there's only so far they can go riskwise. So to have a
partnership between the bank and our office is a good deal."

Stimulus money is flowing from a Democratic administration just weeks ahead of a
national election that could shift power in the House and Senate. And it's
flowing from the Obama cabinet to some of Nebraska's most rock-ribbed Republican
communities.

The Custer County community of Arnold, for example, is getting $50,000 for

In the 2008 presidential election, Republican John McCain got 238 votes in
Arnold and Barack Obama got 64.

Can stimulus money turn the political tide?

"I'm not qualified to answer that question," said Obama appointee Moul with a
laugh. "But what I can say is that, in my opinion, it has done its job. It has
saved jobs. It has created jobs."

Veteran political analysts John Hibbing of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln
and Jan Vermeer of Nebraska Wesleyan University don't expect Rural Development
dollars to buy much political influence.

"It's not an automatic winner in Nebraska," Hibbing said of an approach that's
similar to earmarks. "There may be some political hay to be made by being
against this sort of thing."

Vermeer doubts that a shot of stimulus money will change how anybody votes. "But
consider what would happen if the Obama administration only allocated money in
accordance with how we voted back then. Politically, that would have been
untenable."

It could be a case of "stimulus" being a dirty word whenever it's used to
describe money that somebody else got.

But overall, Vermeer said, "there have also been a number of studies,
nonpartisan studies, that have shown that the stimulus made a positive
difference."

Reach Art Hovey at 402-473-7223 or at ahovey@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               LISC Jacksonville

                        10 West Adams Street   Suite 100
                            Jacksonville,  FL 32202
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (904) 353-1300
FAX: (904) 353-1314
URL: www.liscjacksonville.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   LISC Jacksonville provides financing for an array of activities carried out
by community-based partners, including support for:   Rental housing For-sale
housing Commercial projects Community facilities Bridge and construction
financing   We also have the ability to leverage and credit-enhance the
participation of a private lender in a project by acting as a subordinate lender
and providing a loan guarantee.  Our loans, lines of credit, and recoverable
grants are available to fill in gaps at the predevelopment, property
acquisition, and, in some cases, construction stages of the project. While we
use standard underwriting policies as guidelines, we also attempt to craft the
terms and conditions of any funding to meet the needs of the particular project,
its sponsor, and the community being served. We are committed to ensuring that
our financing continues to add value to the work of our community partners,
helping them build healthy communities where residents want to live, do
business, work, and raise families.  LISC adjusts its interest rates on a
semi-annual basis. For current loan rates and terms, please contact Senior
Program Officer Sandy Horvitz or Gene Montgomery.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               September 29, 2016

                           ALPERTON COMMUNITY SCHOOL

                           ALPERTON COMMUNITY SCHOOL
                                 STANLEY AVENUE
                                    WEMBLEY
                                WEMBLEY HA0 4JE


TRADE ADDRESS: Stanley Avenue, WEMBLEY HA0 4JE

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 02089022038
FAX: 02089001236
URL: www.alperton.brent.sch.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08163458

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 31, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 156

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Daksha Mahendrarai Thanki, Business
     ·    Mr Cally Olajide Akisanya, Retired Civil Servant
     ·    Mr Michael Jonathan Heiser, Senior Adviser (finance)
     ·    Ms Mona Shah, Legal Department Co-ordinator
     ·    Mr Ian Slade, Teacher
     ·    Mrs Maureen Griffith, Retired
     ·    Mr Gerard Patrick Mckenna, Headteacher
     ·    Mrs Sujatha Jothi, Software Engineer
     ·    Mr Leon Prescod, Subtitler
     ·    Mr Vijesh Patel, Senior Manager - Business Intelligence
     ·    Miss Frances Jeanne Edwards, Teacher
     ·    Mrs Gillian Gibb, Finance And Facilities Manager


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrSuresh ChandraJatla


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: General secondary education
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
85310 - Social work activities with accommodation
85320 - Social work activities without accommodation

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  May 20, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  405,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            22,092,39 22,700,86 23,056,60
                                                   8         1         1
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         22,092,39 22,700,86 23,056,60
                                                   8         1         1
Stocks                                         4,364    22,729    20,283
Debtors                                       36,855    69,953   150,132
Cash                                       1,089,196   664,501   789,549
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 334,010   358,628   502,293
Other Current Assets                       1,423,206 1,023,129 1,291,842
Total Current Assets                       1,464,425 1,115,811 1,462,257
Fixed Assets                               22,092,39 22,700,86 23,056,60
                                                   8         1         1
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               23,556,82 23,816,67 24,518,85
                                                   3         2         8



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                      5,347   118,880   710,983
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            275,818   235,806   304,200
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                      32,319    30,489    28,764
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    243,499   205,317   275,436
Short Term Loans                              32,319    30,489    28,764
Long Term Loans                            1,058,760 1,091,079 1,121,567
Long Term Bank Loan                        1,058,760 1,091,079 1,121,567
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                2,936,000 2,781,000 2,656,000
Total Current Liabilities                    281,165   354,686 1,015,183
Total Long Term Liabilities                3,994,760 3,872,079 3,777,567
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          4,275,925 4,226,765 4,792,750
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              19,280,89 19,589,90 19,726,10
                                                   8         7         8
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          19,280,89 19,589,90 19,726,10
                                                   8         7         8
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 23,275,65 23,461,98 23,503,67
                                                   8         6         5


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        10,310,77 10,564,17 30,142,67
                           2         8         9
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit       10,310,77 10,564,17 30,142,67
                           2         8         9
Operating Profit     -224009   -116201 19,773,10
                                               8
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit        -224009   -116201 19,773,10
                                               8
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax     -224009   -116201 19,773,10
                                               8
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits     -224009   -116201 19,773,10
                                               8
Value Added        8,534,816 8,492,638 28,032,55
                                               0
Capital Employed   23,275,65 23,461,98 23,503,67
                           8         6         5
Net Worth          19,280,89 19,589,90 19,726,10
                           8         7         8
Working Capital    1,183,260   761,125   447,074
Emp. Renumeration  8,027,441 7,905,938 7,572,280
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees             8,000     7,250     4,500
Non-audit Fees             -     2,525     2,525
Depreciation         731,384   702,901   687,162
Number of                156       157       150
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                       5         4         3
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities           607,305    23,243   896,344
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And        -64871    -66886    -69288
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                    455,184    -96285   367,278
Net Cashflow From Financing                       -30489    -28763   422,271
Increase In Cash                                 424,695   -125048   789,549

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                -2.4 -65.79      -
Pretax              92.78 -101.1      -
                               3
Total Assets        -1.09  -3.92      -
Current Assets      31.24   0.15      -
Current            -20.73  -72.3      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -0.79  -0.97      -
Employee Wages       1.54   6.01      -
Number of           -0.64      4      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,827 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
80210 General secondary education



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.43     1.76    10.01
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -1.4     1.48     8.12
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.81     2.42    11.09
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              40.77    58.22    99.05
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        2.04      .36        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    1.1      2.1     3.67
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            31,760.0 37,046.7 44,039.0
                                                          6        1        6
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  25,427.2 29,393.7 32,205.1
                                                          7                 3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  47,361.1 54,565.2   66,300
                                                          1        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  58.89    54.66    46.03



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  93
=
Year -1  93
=
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  56
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               -0.96      -0.5     84.13
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -0.95     -0.49     80.64
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             -1.16     -0.59    100.24
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -2.17      -1.1      65.6
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           43.77     44.36    122.94
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            0.47      0.47      1.31
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        11.48       7.2      1.48
Sales / Stocks                                  2,362.69    464.79  1,486.11
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )       1.3      2.42      1.82
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                5.21      3.15      1.44
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  5.19      3.08      1.42
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          5.66      5.73      5.83
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.82      0.82       0.8
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                      5.49      5.57      5.69
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       64.43      15.6     50.05
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     51,457.9 50,356.29 50,481.87
(GBP)                                                  6
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  77.85     74.84     25.12
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -1435.96   -740.13 131,820.7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               66,094.6 67,287.76 200,951.2
                                                       9
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          149,202. 149,439.4 156,691.2
                                                       9
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        141,617. 144,591.5 153,710.7
                                                       9
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        151,005. 151,698.6 163,459.1
                                                       3
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    -2.62     -1.37     70.54
Value Added / Sales (%)                            82.78     80.39        93
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         54,710.3 54,093.24 186,883.7
                                                       6
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.06      1.07       3.7
Sales / Audit Fees                              1,288.85  1,457.13  6,698.37
Total Assets / Audit Fees                        2,944.6  3,285.06  5,448.64
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.15       1.7      4.74
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.92      1.47      2.57
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.05      0.05      0.05

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 23,275,658

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Alliotts

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 6, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

THE REAGAN BUDGET: RATIONALE FOR DROPPING PROGRAMS;
KEY PROGRAMS TO BE ELIMINATED AND THE REASONS FOR DOING SO

SECTION: Section B; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1846 words


In the budget submitted to Congress today, President Reagan proposed to abolish
more than two dozen Government programs. The Administration's rationale for
eliminating these programs, as well as the justification for some other budget
proposals, is contained in a document distributed by the Office of Management
and Budget. What follows is a description, drawn from that document, of some of
the prominent programs the President would terminate and the Administration's
rationale for doing so. The dates are fiscal years. UU Health Professions
Training Program: Training grants to increase the number of doctors, dentists,
nurses and other health professionals. Proposal: Eliminate all grants but
continue students' access to private loans guaranteed by the Government.
Rationale: A shortage in these professions no longer exists, and ''future supply
will outstrip demand.'' The grants are ''an inappropriate upper-income
subsidy.'' Saving: $147 million in 1987; $249 million in 1991. UU Work Incentive
Program Program: Employment counseling, job-search assistance and other social
services to welfare recipients. Proposal: Stop financing at the end of the
current fiscal year. Rationale: ''Separate Federal programs provide identical
services to the same population.'' Saving: $189 million in 1987; $249 million in
1991. UU Conservation Assistance Program: Financial assistance to farmers,
ranchers and land owners who initiate soil and water conservation measures.
Proposal: Stop immediately direct financial assistance but continue technical
assistance. Rationale: The programs are ''outdated and ineffective components of
our agricultural conservation program'' that are so ''fragmented and
untargeted'' that they miss ''the most serious problems on a year to year
basis.'' Saving: $243 million in 1987; $549 million in 1991. UU Legal Services
Program: Local offices of the Legal Services Corporation give free assistance in
civil cases to poor people. Proposal: Discontinue financing in the next fiscal
year. Rationale: There are almost twice as many lawyers as there were 10 years
ago, and ''a modest 20 hours'' a year ''of free services per attorney would
generate as much legal aid as L.S.C. now provides through $300 million in
taxpayers' dollars.'' Saving: $266 million in 1987; $353 million in 1991. UU
Economic Development Program: The Economic Development Administration gives
grants to local and state governments and loans to companies to stimulate
economic development nationwide. The Appalachian Regional Commission provides
similar grants in 13 states to build highways and other facilities. Proposal:
Withdraw appropriations for this fiscal year and discontinue future financing.
Rationale: The programs ''serve narrow and specialized local and regional
political interests at the public's expense.'' Saving: $74 million in 1987; $346
million in 1991. UU Urban Development Action Grants Program: Grants to selected
cities and counties to stimulate investment and development in depressed urban
areas. Proposal: Withdraw appropriations for this fiscal year and discontinue
future financing. Rationale: ''At best, the benefits accrue to developers and
local governments as they draw economic investment to their area from other
areas. At worst, the program escalates wasteful competition among neighboring
jurisdictions and produces debilitating political disputes and 'job stealing.'
'' Saving: $61 million in 1987; $323 in 1991. UU Community Services Program:
Block grants to states for social services administered by local agencies.
Proposal: Withdraw part of this year's appropriation and end future funding.
Rationale: The program ''creates inefficiencies and increases costs'' by
duplicating other programs, thus denying states ''latitude in developing a mix
of services best suited to their unique social and economic needs.'' Saving:
$306 million in 1987; $420 million in 1991. UU Waste Treatment Program: Grants
to state and local governments for construction of public sewage treatment
systems. Proposal: Discontinue funding gradually over the next four years.
Rationale: ''The backlog of sewage treatment needs virtually has been
eliminated,'' and the program ''will fulfill its mission by 1990.'' The Federal
grants ''created incentives for state and local governments to reduce their own
efforts.'' Saving: $25 million in 1987; $1.281 billion in 1991. UU Crop
Insurance Program: The Government reinsures private insurance companies and pays
part of farmers' premiums, allowing farmers to obtain insurance against crop
losses from natural hazards such as drought. Proposal: Discontinue Federal
subsidies over the next five years. Rationale: ''Commercial firms have
demonstrated sufficient growth to take over'' crop insurance without Government
help by 1991. ''The difference in premium cost should be well within the
capability of most farmers to pay.'' Saving: $338 million in 1987; $645 million
in 1991. UU Loan Programs Programs: Direct loans or loan guarantees for a
variety of purposes are made to individuals and companies by the Small Business
Administration, the Export-Import Bank, the Community Development Block Grant
program, the Farmers Home Administration, the Overseas Private Investment
Corporation, the Maritime Administration, the Economic Development
Administration, the Rural Electrification Administration and several other
agencies. Proposal: Direct loan programs would be eliminated, some immediately
and others gradually. Loan guarantees by the Small Business Administration,
would no longer be granted after this year. Neither would those granted for
housing by the Agency for International Development. The appropriation for
college housing loans would be withdrawn for this year and no future
appropriations would be made. Loan guarantees by the Farmers Home Administration
for rural housing would be replaced by a voucher system applicable to other
housing also. Rationale: ''By directing credit toward favored borrowers, the
Government forces unsubsidized borrowers to pay more for the credit they receive
and crowds out many other potential borrowers.'' Saving: $1.2 billion in 1987;
$5.5 billion in 1991. UU Petroleum Reserve Program: The strategic petroleum
reserve, six underground storage sites in Louisiana and Texas, was developed as
protection in case imported oil became unavailable. Proposal: An indefinite
suspension of further filling of the reserve. Rationale: The reserve already
contains almost 500 million barrels of crude oil. Because of conservation and
improved domestic production, ''the nation has substantially reduced its
vulnerability to supply disruptions. Oil imports and the need for additional
S.P.R. oil have dropped dramatically.'' Saving: $399 billion in 1987; $371
billion in 1991. UU GI Bill Program: A three-year trial program of enhanced
educational benefits for men and women in the military, begun last July to aid
recruiting. Proposal: End the program next Oct. 1 and resume the veterans
educational assistance program that was suspended during the trial period.
Rationale: The trial program is too expensive and ''will likely result in highly
skilled recruits leaving the service in order to use their benefits.'' Saving:
$9 million in 1987; $144 million in 1991. UU Small Business Administration
Program: An independent agency that provides assistance to small businesses and
disaster loans to small businesses and homeowners. Proposal: Abolish the agency,
terminate its lending activities and transfer other functions to the Commerce
Department. Rationale: The Administration wants to ''reduce unnecessary Federal
intervention in credit markets'' and eliminate ''duplication and unnecessary
overhead expenses'' in Federal programs. Saving: $1.4 billion in 1987; $948
million in 1991. UU Interstate Commerce Commission Program: An independent
agency that regulates the surface transportation industry. Proposal: Close the
agency on Oct. 1; end Federal regulation of the motor carrier, freight
forwarder, interstate water carrier and bus industries, and transfer regulation
of the rail industry to the Department of Transportation. Rationale: ''Continued
economic regulation imposes greater costs than benefits to the public.'' Saving:
$36 million in 1987; $51 million in 1991. UU Mass Transit Program: Grants to
states and large urban areas for mass transit construction and operating
expenses and grants for local highway projects. Proposal: Abolish the separate
grant programs and withdraw almost all existing appropriations for transit
systems; provide a block grant to states, financed by gasoline tax revenues, for
transit and highway projects. Rationale: ''The construction, maintenance and
operation of state and local transportation facilities are primarily state and
local responsibilities.'' Transit systems are expensive and are ''paid for by
all taxpayers for the beneift of a few.'' Saving: $82 million in 1987; $2.2
billion in 1991. UU Landsat Program: Five land remote sensing satellites, built
and operated by the Government, that provide information to oil companies, crop
forecasters and others. Proposal: Discontinue Federal subsidies. Rationale: The
satellite system ''primarily benefits private interests,'' and they ''should be
underwriting the system's cost.'' Saving: $54 million in 1987; $2 million in
1991. UU Amtrak Program: Government-subsidized passenger service railroad.
Proposal: End subsidy Oct. 1. Rationale: ''It is not a Federal responsibility to
subsidize rail passenger services,'' and the subsidies ''provide unfair
competition'' against other forms of intercity transportation that are not
subsidized. Saving: $617 million in 1987; $706 million in 1991. UU Overseas
Private Investment Corporation Program: The Overseas Private Investment
Corporation promotes development in developing countries by insuring American
private investment against political risk such as expropriation and by providing
loans and loan guarantees to help finance such investment. Proposal: Develop a
plan for transferring OPIC activities to the private market. Rationale: ''OPIC's
strong financial position makes the agency a good candidate for privatization.''
Saving: $3.9 million in 1987; $5.8 million in 1991. UU Naval Petroleum Reserve
Program: Government owned and operated oil fields at Elks Hills, Calif., and
Teapot Dome, Wyo., to provide oil for the Navy in an emergency. Proposal: Sell
the oil fields to the highest bidder. Rationale: ''There is little national
security reason for the Government to continue to retain'' the oil fields.
Saving: $1 billion in 1987; $428 million loss of revenue in 1991. UU Electric
Power Facilities Program: Five Government owned and operated dams that produce
electric power and sell it at subsidized rates. Proposal: Sell the transmission
and power generation facilities but retain Federal ownership and control the
dams themselves. Rationale: ''It is no longer an appropriate Federal
responsibility to operate'' the facilities and sell cut-rate power. <e12>Saving:
$162 million in 1987; $4.4 billion in 1991.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 11, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:
A listing on Thursday of programs that President Reagan proposed to drop in his
1987 budget misstated the amount of savings anticipated if filling of the
strategic petroleum reserve were suspended. It is $399 million in 1987 and $371
million in 1991.

GRAPHIC: photo of people in line by Government Printing Office

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

FORM 8-K: MEDIA GENERAL INC FILES Current report

LENGTH: 1616  words

DATELINE: Washington


MEDIA GENERAL INC, Virginia, has filed FORM 8-K (Current report) with Securities
and Exchange Commission on August 05, 2013


State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Virginia

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On July 31, 2013, Media General, Inc. (the Company) entered into a credit
agreement with Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent and a Lender and
the other lenders party thereto, the availability of which is contingent upon
certain conditions being met, primarily the successful completion of the
previously announced merger with New Young Broadcasting Holding Co., Inc.
(Young). Shield Media LLC and Shield Media Lansing LLC (Shield Media), companies
with which Young has shared services arrangements for two stations, entered into
a new credit agreement with Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent and
other lenders party thereto dated as of July 31, 2013, the availability of which
is contingent upon certain conditions being met, primarily the successful
completion of the Young merger, which will refinance the outstanding loans under
one credit agreement. The existing Shield Media term loans are guaranteed on a
secured basis by Young which will continue to provide its guarantee, secured by
the same collateral, for the combined refinanced facility. The Company has also
agreed to guarantee the new Shield Media term loan agreement, contingent on
successful completion of the Young merger, but only if a guarantee is permitted
under the terms of the senior secured notes.

The key terms of the new credit agreements are described in a press release
which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K and incorporated in this Item
1.01 by reference.

The descriptions of the new credit agreements above and in the accompanying
press release does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of the agreements which are attached as Exhibits
10.1 and 10.2 to this Form 8-K and incorporated in this Item 1.01 by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

The information in Item 1.01 of this Form 8-K is hereby incorporated by
reference to this Item 2.03.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)


Exhibits

Exhibit 10.1


Credit Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2013, among Media General, Inc., as the
Borrower, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent and a Lender and the
other lenders party thereto.

Exhibit 10.2


Credit Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2013, among Shield Media LLC and Shield
Media Lansing LLC, as Holding Companies, WXXA-TV LLC, WLAJ-TV LLC, as the
Borrowers, Royal Bank of Canada, as Administrative Agent and the other lenders
party thereto.

Exhibit 99.1


Press Release issued by MEDIA GENERAL, INC., August 5, 2013.

Media General Announces New $945 Million, Senior Secured, Delayed Draw Credit
Facilities

[#x25cf]


New credit facilities to refinance the combined debt of Media General and Young
Broadcasting, at a substantially lower cost of capital, following completion of
the pending merger


[#x25cf]


New $60 million revolving credit facility


[#x25cf]


New $885 million delayed draw term loan


[#x25cf]


Pro forma cash interest will be approximately $39 million annually

Richmond, Va. - Media General (NYSE: MEG) today announced that it has entered
into a new credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders in connection with its
pending merger with Young Broadcasting. The new credit facilities, which are
contingent upon the closing, consist of a $60 million, 5-year revolving credit
facility and a $885 million, 7-year term loan. The revolving credit facility
interest rate is LIBOR plus 2.75%.  The term loan interest rate is LIBOR plus
3.25%, with a 1.00% LIBOR floor.

As Media General announced on June 6, 2013, the company has entered into a
merger agreement with Young Broadcasting, which is expected to be completed in
the late third quarter or early fourth quarter of this year.

"The merger of Media General and Young Broadcasting is a transformational event
for both companies," said George L. Mahoney, Media General's president and chief
executive officer. "Among its many benefits, the combination offered an
opportunity to refinance our total debt at a significantly lower cost. This
became a priority for us."

"Today's announcement puts the new Media General on an even stronger footing
than planned. We had anticipated approximately $15 million of financing
synergies as a result of the transaction. In fact, these synergies are nearly
doubling, to $29 million. Our pro forma cash interest will be approximately $39
million annually, based on current LIBOR levels, compared with the two
companies' current standalone annual interest expense of approximately $75
million. This is a significant free cash flow pick-up for our company," said Mr.
Mahoney.

"We're delighted with this momentum. Our new financing was very well received by
debt investors, including our relationship banks, and our new term loan was
meaningfully oversubscribed. We very much appreciate the support of the credit
community and this opportunity to greatly strengthen our balance sheet and to
continue to improve our credit profile."

"The merger process also is progressing smoothly. Our similar corporate cultures
and advanced integration planning are creating a seamless transition. We are
well on track to capture our expected $15 million of operating synergies, the
lion's share of which will be realized within 12 months after the closing. Media
General looks forward to providing enhanced value to our shareholders as an
acquirer in ongoing industry consolidation opportunities. We will be
particularly focused on creating more duopolies," said Mr. Mahoney.



Page 1 of 3

Proceeds from the new credit facilities will be used to repay all of the
outstanding debt of Media General and Young Broadcasting, including associated
call premiums. As of March 31, 2013, Media General's outstanding debt was $601
million, and Young's was $132 million. Proceeds also will fund a $50 million
contribution to Media General's qualified pension plan and pay transaction fees
and expenses.

The credit agreement contains a leverage ratio covenant, which involves debt
levels and a rolling eight-quarter calculation of EBITDA, as defined in the
agreement. Additionally, the agreement has restrictions on certain transactions,
including the incurrence of additional debt, capital leases, investments,
acquisitions, asset sales and restricted payments (including share repurchases
and dividends), as defined in the agreement.

Shield Media LLC and Shield Media Lansing LLC (Shield Media), companies with
which Young Broadcasting has shared services arrangements for two stations,
entered into a new $32 million term loan facility with a syndicate of lenders,
dated as of July 31, 2103, the availability of which is contingent on certain
conditions, primarily the successful completion of the merger of Media General
and Young Broadcasting. The new term loan facility will refinance Shield Media
companies' existing $32 million term loans under one new credit agreement.  The
existing Shield Media term loans are guaranteed on a secured basis by Young
Broadcasting, which will continue under the new agreement.  The new loan will
have a term of five years and an interest rate of LIBOR plus 3.25%. It will also
be guaranteed by Media General.

RBC Capital Markets acted as Lead Left Arranger and will serve as the
Administrative Agent on the new Media General and Shield Media credit facilities
.

A copy of Media General's new credit agreement will be available on the
company's Web site www.mediageneral.com as an SEC Form 8-K filing posted to the
Investor Relations section.

Forward-Looking Statements

This news release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to
various risks and uncertainties, including Media General's ability to satisfy
the conditions in the new credit agreement, and should be understood in the
context of the company's publicly available reports filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.  Media General's future performance could differ
materially from its current expectations.

Additional Information

On July 19, 2013, Media General filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) a Registration Statement on Form S-4, which includes a
preliminary proxy statement/prospectus relating to Media General's proposed
combination with New Young Broadcasting Holding Co., Inc. (Young). In addition,
Media General will file with the SEC other information and documents concerning
the combination and the businesses of Media General and Young. WE URGE INVESTORS
TO REVIEW THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER INFORMATION TO BE FILED WITH
THE SEC BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. These documents are
available without charge on the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov and on Media
General's web site www.mediageneral.com. INVESTORS SHOULD READ THE PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS CAREFULLY BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISIONS.

Media General and its directors and executive officer may be deemed to be
participants in the solicitation of proxies of Media General shareholders in
connection with the proposed combination. Investors may obtain more detailed
information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of Media General's
directors and executive officers by reading Media General's Registration
Statement on Form S-4 and the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus including
therein.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Valley Times (California)

                    September 7, 2000 Thursday FINAL EDITION

SENIOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING PASSES;
* PLEASANTON TO COLLABORATE WITH DEVELOPER, ASSISTED LIVING PROVIDER ON $14.5
MILLION PROPOSAL

BYLINE: Melissa Moy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: PLEASANTON


PLEASANTON The city has given initial approval to build affordable housing for
seniors in a partnership with a nonprofit housing developer and an assisted
living provider.

In a unanimous vote, the City Council on Tuesday night approved its partnership
with BRIDGE Housing Corp., a developer, and Lytton Gardens, a group that
provides nursing care to low- and moderate-income senior citizens in independent
living arrangements.

City leaders have wanted to provide affordable housing for seniors with assisted
living needs in recent years but have been unable to attract an operator that
would offer affordable units.

The action Tuesday helped guarantee that a 100-unit facility will offer a
mixed-income assortment of studios and one- and two-bedroom units. In addition,
a 20-unit wing would house seniors with dementia such as Alzheimer's disease.
The city does not now provide housing for those with dementia, city planners
said.

"I'm excited. It's been a long time," said Housing Commissioner Christine
Steiner about the five-year search for a suitable operator.

"I thought I was going to be the first tenant," she joked.

Steiner said she hopes the project will be an example of communities working
with private and nonprofit groups to build affordable housing and assisted
living facilities. She expressed hope that state and federal legislators would
commit more funding to such endeavors.

The $14.53 million project will be built on a city-owned, 3.6-acre parcel at the
northwest corner of Sunol Boulevard and Junipero Street.

BRIDGE and Lytton officials propose to secure a federally insured mortgage of
$11.74 million. The group would like the city to lease the land at no cost or in
a sale similar to the arrangement with Ridge View Commons and The Promenade,
which are senior communities. The group also wants the city to provide a $2.48
million loan from its lower income housing fund. In return, the city would
receive a 10 percent return or approximately $250,000 annually.

Council members also discussed Tuesday the possibility of developing the
property and then hiring a provider to manage the facility. Councilman Tom Pico
said he was concerned the city was hefting more of the financial risk than
BRIDGE or Lytton. But he also said the city would have a better opportunity to
guarantee more future affordable housing.

City Manager Deborah Acosta said city ownership and development is not feasible.

"We're in the business of money," Acosta said. "This puts us in the business of
health care. It's a business that is highly specialized."

Planning officials said they would continue to discuss cash flow and land
ownership issues with BRIDGE and Lytton.

Approximately 30 percent of the units would be affordable at two levels.
Twenty-one units would be available to seniors at 50 percent of median income,
and another nine units would be affordable to seniors on Supplemental Security
Income. SSI recipients receive monthly checks and are typically people who are
65 or older, disabled and have little income.

Those on SSI would pay $675 a month, and those paying at 50 percent of the
median income would pay $1,500 for any of the studio, one-bedroom or two-bedroom
units. Market rates reflect prices of $2,800 for a studio; $3,100 for a
one-bedroom unit and $2,100 per person in a two-bedroom unit.

"We believe everyone has the right to age with dignity," said Vera Teyrovsky
Goupille, president and CEO of the Lytton Group. "As people get older, they feel
more vulnerable. (It's) marvelous to have a mixed-income (development)."

Melissa Moy covers Pleasanton. Reach her at 925-847-2122 or mmoy@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            October 20, 2008 Monday

Crisis, and Fixes, Pose Challenge For FHLBs

BYLINE: Steven Sloan

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 1 Vol. 173 No. 202

LENGTH: 1098  words


WASHINGTON - The Federal Home Loan Bank System has been one of the few success
stories to emerge during the financial crisis by pumping billions of dollars
into banks with fast, low-cost loans while generating hefty profits.

But as the market turmoil deepens, growing pressure on Home Loan bank advances
could make them less attractive to members.

The debt that funds advances is becoming more expensive to sell, according to
Home Loan bank insiders, and the cost of loans to members ultimately will rise
as a result. Also, the system is encountering unexpected competition from the
Federal Reserve Board, which has dramatically eased access to the discount
window over the past year.

"This is the best of times and the worst of times," said Alfred DelliBovi, the
president and chief executive officer of the Home Loan Bank of New York. "The
cooperative is performing very well and exactly as intended, and we're
continuing to provide funds to Joe the plumber. But it is a tough environment,
and the costs of our borrowing are going to go up."

Those higher costs ultimately would be covered by member banks, which would
shell out more for the advances that have proven crucial to liquidity in the
past year.

The loans will "cost community banks more money," said John von Seggern, the
president of the Council of Federal Home Loan Banks. "If we're being penalized
for our strength, community banks are going to have to pick up for that cost."

The 12 Home Loan banks continue to have access to funding markets. A spokesman
for the Home Loan Bank System's Office of Finance, which issues debt on behalf
of the banks, said the system raised $180 billion in the last week.

Anecdotal evidence also suggests the system will post strong growth in its
advance business when third-quarter earnings reports are filed next month.

Yet the Home Loan banks say they are suffering perverse consequences of last
month's government takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Though the banks are
widely seen as fundamentally strong, they have paid between 20 to 30 basis
points more for some debt than the government-operated Fannie and Freddie.

"The Home Loan Bank System has the same safety net as Fannie and Freddie, but
the Home Loan banks didn't need the safety net," said Robert Davis, the American
Bankers Association's executive vice president for government relations. "As a
result, Fannie and Freddie are in conservatorship because of their troubles and
made the relative pricing of Home Loan bank debt less attractive."

That point is not lost on Home Loan bank officials.

"This is the ultimate irony," Mr. DelliBovi said. "We stuck to our knitting and
performed well. The two GSEs got into trouble and are in conservatorship, and
investors say they're a better bet."

Another complicating factor is last week's announcement that the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corp. would temporarily guarantee all unsecured bank debt. That
announcement, which effectively made bank debt one of the safest bets for
investors, helped drive up the cost of government-sponsored enterprise debt,
which has historically been seen as low-risk.

"What's made it worse is the FDIC guarantee," said Bert Ely, an independent
analyst in Alexandria, Va. "The FDIC program on the debt guarantee ... has got
to really whack the Federal Home Loan banks in terms of shorter-term advances."

The Home Loan banks were already trying to adjust to new competition. The system
has long had the market for quick, cheap liquidity, but the Fed's discount
window is becoming increasingly attractive for some institutions.

The central bank lowered the rate on discount loans from 5.25% on Sept. 20,
2007, to 1.75% on Oct. 8. The rate is likely to drop again when the Fed's
policymaking committee meets at the end of the month. And though it takes
haircuts on collateral brought to the discount window, the Fed now accepts a far
wider range of assets than the Home Loan banks to support borrowing.

"There are more funding sources available, and there's more regular use of
facilities at the Federal Reserve," Mr. Davis said. "Some institutions may
choose to use some of those instead of advances."

Borrowing from the Fed has soared recently, posting records for five consecutive
weeks. The Fed said loans through the discount window reached $441.4 billion on
Wednesday, including a record $101.9 billion directed to traditional commercial
banks, which have tended to shy away from borrowing out of concerns about a
stigma.

Still, Mr. DelliBovi said advances are more attractive than discount window
loans, and he insists the Fed is not emerging as a big competitor to the Home
Loan banks.

"I have not seen our members go to the discount window," he said.

The high borrowing from the Fed is a blip that is unlikely to develop into a
long-term trend, Mr. DelliBovi said. "This isn't going to continue. I don't
think that most community bankers who are in this for the long term want to have
a temporary partner. The Fed will go back to being what it always was: a lender
of last resort."

The Federal Housing Finance Agency also defended the value of advances. "The
Federal Home Loan banks remain a good source of longer-term funding," a
spokeswoman for the agency said.

Home Loan banks still have a pricing advantage on most of their short-term
loans. Loans from the discount window carry a 1.75% rate, but the posted rate
for a one-week advance from the Home Loan Bank of Boston, for example, is 1.15%.
A three-week advance costs 1.38%, and loans maturing in one month carry a 1.53%
rate.

But if a bank wanted a three-month advance, it would pay 2.69%. It could borrow
"primary credit" from the discount window for three months at 1.75%.

The spike in prices for Home Loan bank debt is not unexpected. Several banks
warned in their second-quarter earnings reports that market turmoil was hurting
their ability to sell debt. "To the extent the FHLBanks receive sub-optimal
funding, member institutions will, in turn, generally experience higher costs
for advance borrowings," the Home Loan Bank of Des Moines said in its report.

Many Home Loan bank officials are spending time reassuring investors of their
strength and pointing out differences between the system and Fannie and Freddie.
But beyond education efforts, some say there is little the system can do but
ride out the market.

"This doesn't prevent the Home Loan banks from providing attractive funding to
their institutions," Mr. Davis said. "It's an issue of what's available in the
market. It's a bit like going to the bakery and wanting cinnamon buns, and they
only had doughnuts, and that's what you've got to eat."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 17, 2017

                           GASYARD DEVELOPMENT TRUST

                           GASYARD DEVELOPMENT TRUST
                                   LECKY ROAD
                                  LONDONDERRY
                              LONDONDERRY BT48 6NP


TRADE ADDRESS: 128 Lecky Road, LONDONDERRY BT48 6NP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 02871262812
FAX: 028-7126-2812

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: NI030558

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 4, 1996
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mrs Christine Whiteman, Accountant
     ·    Mr Adrian Kerr, Manager
     ·    Mr Colin Kelly, Community Development Worker
     ·    Mr Sean Collins, Community Development Worker
     ·    Mrs Joyce Logue, Princilal
     ·    Miss Elaine Doherty, Co-ordinator


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrColinKelly


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Administration (UK)

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Small   modified Balance Sheet
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 23, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 12, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  35,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,142,826 1,248,063 1,090,006
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         1,142,826 1,248,063 1,090,006
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          30,560         -    27,650
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  69,813   193,933    53,942
Other Current Assets                         100,373   193,933    81,592
Total Current Assets                         100,373   193,933    81,592
Fixed Assets                               1,142,826 1,248,063 1,090,006
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               1,243,199 1,441,996 1,171,598



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -     7,207         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             43,876   134,992    27,931
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     43,876   134,992    27,931
Short Term Loans                                   -     7,207         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     43,876   142,199    27,931
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             43,876   142,199    27,931
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,199,323 1,299,797 1,143,667
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          1,199,323 1,299,797 1,143,667
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 1,199,323 1,299,797 1,143,667


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   1,199,323 1,299,797 1,143,667
Net Worth          1,199,323 1,299,797 1,143,667
Working Capital       56,497    51,734    53,661
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -13.79   6.11 -13.25
Current Assets     -48.24  23.02 -58.33
Current            -69.14  57.09 -77.42
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -7.73   4.87  -3.19
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,732 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
80429 Other adult and other education not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.17     3.28    23.26
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -4.35     1.67    15.55
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -3.93     1.35     12.5
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              58.34   134.21    307.5
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       11.51        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .76     1.58     4.33
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            20,096.2   29,002 39,199.0
                                                          6                 7
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    14,875   21,600 28,833.3
                                                                            3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  31,979.5 51,097.2 79,615.3
                                                          9        2        8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  56.78     44.7     29.9



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  85
=
Year -1  89
=
Year -2  71
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                2.29      1.36      2.92
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  2.29      1.36      2.92
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -      0.55         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.96       0.9      0.98
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -      0.14         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         0         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,199,323

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Noel Duddy & Co

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2017


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Community Program Loan Technician
IN-2014-014

LENGTH: 3156  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Community Program Loan Technician

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:IN-2014-014
SALARY RANGE:
 $35,256.00 to $51,164.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, August 20, 2014 to Tuesday, August 26, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-06/07
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
07
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location(s):
Columbia City, IN View Map
Crawfordsville, IN View Map
Knox, IN View Map
Muncie, IN View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:


Current permanent Indiana Rural Development employees with competitive status,
reinstatement eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA/VRA eligibles, certain
military spouses, 30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA
volunteers, CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

One position to be filled located in any of the above listed locations.

The incumbent of this position will be a bargaining unit member of AFGE #622.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

The incumbent will be providing technical support to loan specialists by:

Serving as a primary representative providing technical information, assistance
and guidance to applicants, borrowers, lenders, and others concerning
eligibility and other requirements for loans, grants, and/or loan guarantee
programs administered by Rural Development Community Programs.
    Reviewing and analyzing various loan/grant-making and related documents,
forms and materials submitted for eligibility determinations, adequacy,
completeness, accuracy of information, and conformity to established procedures
and requirements for public facilities.
    Monitoring, analyzing and supporting servicing activities.
    Assist in the receipt and review of financial statements, audit reports, and
tracking trends.
    Making underwriting recommendations to the Loan Specialist when required.
    Explaining programs to customers and responds to technical inquiries from
internal or external customers. Interprets regulations and procedural
requirements and provides information as requested.
    Inputting information into various program applications. Where entries are
missing or questionable, the incumbent initiates appropriate action to complete
and/or verifies information to ensure correction.
    Performs other related advance services and technical support duties as
assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For GS-06: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-05; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: experience
providing assistance in processing loans; providing basic information on loan
programs; accepting, verifying, screening loan applications; preparing
correspondence and memos on routine loan matters; maintaining various program
reports of loan/grant activity; and ensuring current information is included in
the resource data base, etc. There is no substitution of education for
experience at the GS-06 level.

For GS-07: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-06; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: evaluative
judgment within well defined, commonly occurring aspects of more than one type
of functional specialization such as processing transactions for various and
unrelated credit programs, commercial, real estate or other loan programs.
Assignments operate using different sets of rules, regulations, and procedures
and knowledge of such procedures is usually attained through extensive,
increasingly difficult, and practical experience with the programs worked.
Experience may have been gained in work comparable to analyzing reports for
various branches or work units and preparing division-wide evaluations with
written presentations of findings, recommendations, forecasts and justifications
and include designing detailed charts and graphs.


o  Time in Grade must be met by the closing date of this announcement.

o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If selected
you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit
report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of loan and/grant making and servicing policies and procedures.
        Skill in planning, scheduling, and organizing work.
        Knowledge of computer applications.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.
        Office Skills.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=8d092900-4238-
4f87-8226-a38500d73d7b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP): If you are claiming CTAP
eligibility, provide proof of eligibility to include your most recent
performance appraisal, SF-50, and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation
notice or letter from OPM/your agency.  CTAP eligibles will be considered
well-qualified if achieving a rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP
eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.
    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Cheri Allen
Phone: 317-295-5763
Fax: 855-541-9018
Email: cheri.allen@in.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
5975 Lakeside Boulevard
Indianapolis, Indiana,
46278
United States
Fax: 855-541-9018
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 29, 1990

90m pounds loan could win 10,000 jobs

BYLINE: By LISA BUCKINGHAM

LENGTH: 315 words


UP TO 10,000 jobs are likely to be created in some of the worst unemployment
areas of Britain following the signing of a Pounds 90 million loan agreement
between Barclays Bank and the European Coal and Steel Community today.

This is the fifth such loan between the two enterprises. A spokesman for
Barclays said that 60,000 jobs have already been created in former coal mining
and steel areas.


The purpose of the loan scheme is to provide subsidised finance for companies
which can show they are providing new jobs in areas hit by redundancies in the
coal and steel industries.

Britain is one of the largest recipients of ECSC funding, having received more
than Pounds 800 million from financial intermediaries in the scheme. That
excludes direct ECSC funding to companies such as British Coal.

Around 600 UK firms have already been granted soft loans for capital investment
under the scheme, including names such as Betterwear Brush, AB Electronics and a
subsidiary of British Tissue.

Almost any type of business retailing is one of the few exceptions can qualify
for cheap finance so long as it meets the basic requirement of job creation.

Companies can apply to borrow up to Pounds 500,000 for approved projects at
reduced interest rates 10 per cent at present. Barclays, which has the largest
involvement of any of the clearers acting as ECSC agents, says soft loans
particularly appeal to UK companies because of the interest rebate paid by the
EC Commission, and an exchange-risk guarantee from the British Government. The
minimum loan is Pounds 15,000 and the maximum is Pounds 5 million.

The bank says the latest loan is expected to create more jobs during the next
few years than any other single facility under the scheme for a decade.

In all, Barclays estimates that more than 80,000 jobs will have been created by
the scheme in Britain.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 15, 2017

                       South Alabama Electric Cooperative

                                   PO Box 449
                                   Troy 36081
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Survalent Technology Commissions a New Advanced Distribution Management System
for South Alabama Electric Cooperative

   May 07, 2014

   Survalent Technology, the most trusted provider of smart grid solutions for
the control room, announced that it has commissioned a new Advanced Distribution
Management System (ADMS) for South Alabama Electric Cooperative.South Alabama
Electric Cooperative (SAEC) purchases wholesale power from PowerSouth Energy
Cooperative, located in Andalusia, AL, and takes delivery of this electricity at
13 substations strategically placed around our growing system. SAEC is a Member
of the Alabama Rural Electric Association in Montgomery, AL.The new system
features Survalent's highly available, open-architecture system based on Windows
Server. It includes several of Survalent's open system applications, including:
WorldView, SCADA Explorer, Command Sequencing, Event Data Recording, IED Wizard
and Control Panel, SCADA Add-In, Remote Alarm Annunciation, Capacitor Bank
Control, Virtual RTU, MultiSpeak, Dynamic Voltage Reduction, WebSurv, and
SurvCentral for Mobile Devices. "Survalent is pleased to provide South Alabama
Electric Cooperative's first SCADA system," states Steve Strauss, VP of Sales
for the Eastern US. "To expedite implementation, Survalent provided turnkey
services to develop the database and screen graphics for their substations and
down line devices. South Alabama is the sixth Power South member to select
Survalent for their SCADA system."


USDA Announces Funding Of Around $1.95 Billion To Improve Electric Service In
Rural Communities Across US

   Oct 11, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding to modernize and
improve the efficiency of rural electric generation and transmission systems.
The announcement includes additional support of $134m in smart grid
technologies. The $1.95 billion in loan guarantees announced are provided by
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service.The funding helps electric
utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric
infrastructure. The agency also funds energy conservation and renewable energy
projects.Tom Vilsack, agriculture secretary at USDA, said, USDA and the Obama
administration continue to make key investments in rural electric cooperatives
that will modernize service and improve reliability for rural businesses and
residential customer. Today's announcement also includes funding that will
enable rural electric cooperatives and utilities to adopt smart grid
technologies in their operation as part of the ongoing efforts to modernize
rural America's electric grid. The following is a list of rural utilities that
will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement. South Alabama Electric Cooperative will receive
$17,800,000 that will be used to build and improve 144 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $125,000 in
smart grid projects. Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation will receive
$245,000,000 that will be used to acquire Hot Spring Generating Facility, a 660
MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle electric generating plant. The funding also
covers communities in Louisiana, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas. Kirkwood Meadows
Public Utility District will receive $50,000,000 that will be used to build or
improve 40 miles of distribution and transmission line and make other system
improvements in California. The loan guarantee includes $200,000 in smart grid
projects. Eagle Valley Clean Energy, LLC will receive $40,000,000 that will be
used to partially finance a renewable generating plant with a capacity of 11.5
MW in Colorado. The plant will utilize wood biomass for fuel. Green Energy Team,
LLC will receive $72,883,000 that will be used to partially finance a renewable
generating plant with a capacity of 7.5 MW in Hawaii. The plant will utilize
wood biomass for fuel. Southern Iowa Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$10,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 106 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $135,000 in
smart grid projects and $2,043,387 for storm damage projects. SMECO Solar, LLC
will receive $14,565,000 that will be used to finance the construction of the
Herbert Farm Solar Project, a 5.5 MW renewable solar-powered generating facility
in Maryland. Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$87,160,000 that will be used to build 37 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. Federated Rural Electric Association will receive
$6,700,000 that will used to build and improve 76 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements in Minnesota and Iowa. The loan guarantee
includes $1,542,000 in smart grid projects. South Mississippi Electric Power
Association will also receive $480,000,000 that will be used to finance a 15%
share of the Kemper County Integrated Gasification combined cycle project. South
Mississippi Electric Power Association will receive $90,863,000 that will be
used to build seven miles of transmission line and four new substations and make
communications upgrades. The loan amount includes $67,228,000 in smart grid
projects. KAMO Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $154,600,000 that will be
used to finance 116 miles of new transmission line, two substations and make
other system improvements in Missouri and Oklahoma. The loan amount includes
$32,120,980 in smart grid projects. KBR Rural Public Power District will receive
$13,314,000 that will be used to build and improve 129 miles of distribution
line and nine miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements in
Nebraska . The loan amount includes $791,475 in smart grid projects. Otero
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $30,886,000 that will be used to
build and improve 200 miles of distribution line and 10 miles of transmission
line, and make other system improvements in New Mexico. The loan amount includes
$345,000 in smart grid projects. Central Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $44,973,000 that will be used to build and improve 589 miles of
distribution line and 30 miles of transmission line, and make other system
improvements in New Mexico. Delaware County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $5,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 53 miles of
distribution line, two substations and make other system improvements in New
York. The loan amount includes $50,660 in smart grid projects. Minnkota Power
Cooperative, Inc. will receive $308,700,000 that will be used to build 260 miles
of transmission line in North Dakota and Minnesota. The loan amount includes
$2,800,000 in smart grid projects. Mountrail-Williams Electric Cooperative will
receive $54,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 520 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in North Dakota and
Montana. The loan amount includes $659,800 in smart grid projects. Firelands
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $4,800,000 that will be used to build
and improve 43 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Ohio. The loan amount includes $1,122,000 in smart grid projects.Midwest
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $9,000,000 that will be used to build
and improve 115 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Ohio. The loan amount includes $288,900 in smart grid projects. San Patrico
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $16,853,000 that will be used to build
and improve 202 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Texas. The loan amount includes $2,157,754 in smart grid projects. East Texas
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $151,000,000 that will be used to
finance a 50 MW renewable generating plant. The plant will use wood biomass for
fuel. Orcas Power and Light Cooperative will receive $38,402,000 that will be
used to build and improve 109 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements in Washington. The loan amount includes $24,296,000 in smart grid
projects. Wyrulec Company will receive $4,887,000 that will be used to build and
improve 85 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Wyoming and Nebraska. The loan amount includes $155,700 in smart grid projects.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  January 12, 1993, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

INMATES: JAIL, PRISON STANDARDS DIFFER

BYLINE: Michael Ferry

SECTION: DOLLARS/SENSE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 1063 words

LEGALLY SPEAKING COLUMN LEGAL SERVICES OF EASTERN MISSOURI, INC.


Q: I was reading an article about lawsuits filed by prisoners over bad
conditions in prisons and jails. The article said that prisons were judged on
how they treat their prisoners under one set of legal standards, while jails
were judged under another set.

Why should prisons and jails go by different standards?

A: Generally speaking, prisons house people who have been convicted of felonies.
A felony is a crime that carries a potential sentence of imprisonment for more
than one year.

Jails generally house two other groups of people. One group comprises those who
have not yet been tried for the crime with which they were charged and those who
cannot afford to post bond while waiting for trial. The other group is people
who have been convicted of misdemeanors - crimes that carry a potential sentence
of imprisonment for no more than one year.

In that first group, people who have not been convicted of a crime are not
subject to punishment, under the law. In theory, keeping such people in jail
pending trial when they can't post bond, or when no bond has been set, is not
intended as punishment.

The traditional reason for holding these people in jail is to be sure they
appear at trial. More recently, public safety has been urged as another valid
basis.

A jail inmate who has not yet been tried is entitled to the full protection of
the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution. This amendment guarantees equal
protection and due process of law. In this context, it guarantees that nobody
will be punished unless convicted.

On the other hand, a prison inmate has been convicted of a felony and may be
punished. That punishment may include the loss of many rights. However, the
Eighth Amendment protects that inmate from "cruel and unusual" punishment.

You can see that the Eighth Amendment would not apply for a jail inmate before
trial, since that person is protected from all punishment.

This is probably what the article meant by saying that different legal
principles applied to jails and prisons. Actually, the principles apply to the
people in those places, not to the places themselves.

Q: I was ill for several months and could not work. Part of the time, I was
hospitalized for surgery. While I was in the hospital, my employer told me that
if I could not return to work immediately, I would have to quit or be fired.

Because I needed to keep my health insurance, I chose to resign. However, when I
then applied for unemployment benefits, I was denied them because I had quit the
job without "good cause." I appealed the decision, attended a hearing and lost.

I had been with this company for seven years. I feel that I was treated unfairly
both by the company and the state. Do I have any recourse?

A: You may still have the right to appeal the unemployment benefits decision, if
you act fast. You have only 10 days to file an appeal if notice of the decision
was delivered to you in person, 15 days if it was mailed.  You may be able to
file late with good cause, but don't count on it.

We would need more facts to talk about the merits of the decision. Were you on a
leave of absence? Was there any guarantee that you would have a job when you
returned? Did you have an employment contract? Was your job covered by a union
contract?

Why did you think you had to resign to keep your health insurance? A federal law
known as COBRA allows you to continue health insurance for a period of time
after losing your job. The period varies with the circumstances. From your
letter, I would think you had done nothing to lose the protection that COBRA
provides.

If you don't already have an attorney, you should consult one right away.

Q: My mother incurred a large hospital bill some time ago and lacked medical
insurance to cover all of it. She did not qualify for any government programs to
help pay the bill.

Now the hospital's collection department is pressing her for payment. She is not
in a position to pay. Recently, a debt counselor told me about something called
the Hill-Burton Act that might pick up part of my mother's bill. When I asked at
the hospital, the person I spoke with didn't know anything about it. What can
you tell me?

A: The federal Hill-Burton Act was an aid program for health-care institutions.
Under it, the government made construction loans and grants to health-care
facilities such as hospitals, nursing homes and clinics. In exchange for the
money, the facilities had to agree to give some unpaid care to poor people in
their communities for 20 years and to treat all members of their communities
without discrimination and accept all emergency cases.

Only health-care providers that took money under Hill-Burton are subject to
those requirements. No Hill-Burton grants or loans have been made since 1978.
Many providers that took the federal money have already satisfied their required
duties to give unpaid care.

As reported by the National Health Law Program of Los Angeles, some St.  Louis
area facilities still have Hill-Burton unpaid-care obligations. In Missouri,
they include: Courtney Health Center, Florence Hill Health Center, I.W. Johnson
Rehabilitation Institute, Grace Hill Neighborhood Health Center, Central Medical
Center and Southside Clinic.

In Illinois, they include Canteen Public Health Center, Centreville Health
Center and Gateway Community Hospital in East St. Louis and St. Anthony's Health
Center in Alton.

Some of the facilities listed are covered by different regulations. They are
allowed to give Hill-Buron care at reduced fees instead of without charge.

Patients can ask for the cost of their care to be treated under Hill-Burton
after they have received the care and even after the facility has filed a
collection suit.

Unfortunately, there are many limits on a person's ability to get care under
Hill-Burton. For example, Hill-Burton is a "payor of last resort," meaning that
only patients not covered by any other governmental program or third-party
insurer are eligible. There are also income limits. Federal poverty guidelines
are used to determine who is eligible.

If your mother did not go to one of these listed facilities, she still should
ask about Hill-Burton coverage at the hospital where she was treated.  The above
list may be incomplete; it covers only facilities in the St.  Louis area.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                 March 23, 1998

TIGERS' DEAL WITH COMERICA CONSORTIUM FELL FOUL

BYLINE: MATT ROUSH  CRAIN'S DETROIT BUSINESS

SECTION: News; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 521 words


In February 1997, the Detroit Tigers announced that a consortium of 12 banks led
by Detroit's Comerica Inc. would lend them $145 million as their share of
financing for a new ballpark.

But by early this year, Tigers president John McHale said, the Tigers knew that
a deal with the Comerica group wasn't going to happen.

''We worked through the end of last year and into early this year on that loan,
'' McHale said. ''Around December or January it was obvious that both sides were
uncomfortable.''

Comerica last week would not comment on any aspect of the Tiger loan, including
whether Comerica might be interested in participating in the Tiger Stadium
financing announced Wednesday by Tokyo-based Sumitomo Bank or in other Ilitch
family deals, including a possible loan for a new hockey arena.

Comerica also wouldn't say why the deal with the Tigers fell apart.

However, a Detroit community banker not in the consortium, who requested
anonymity, said bankers involved in the deal said it broke down over two issues.

First, he said, Comerica and the banks asked Tigers owner Michael Ilitch for
some ''pretty intimate'' financial information, ''which he said he'd give but
never did. ... He's a very private person.''

Also, this banker said, Comerica wanted collateral that included other Ilitch
family assets to secure the loan.

However, the president of one of the consortium banks, Barry Winslow of Ann
Arbor's Great Lakes National Bank, said personal guarantees from the Ilitches
were ''not part of the original transaction.''

But Winslow also said that ''the transaction changed a couple of times'' during
the year-long negotiations, and personal guarantees thus could have been a
sticking point.

''To our knowledge there was not a specific deal-breaking point that was being
negotiated,'' Winslow said. ''I think all of the banks agree it was a very
doable deal given the significant financial wherewithal of the Ilitch family.''

Sumitomo's expertise in stadium financing may also have played a part, Winslow
said. ''Certainly our bank has never been involved in stadium financing
before,'' Winslow said.

Winslow said Great Lakes' share of the stadium loan would have been ''bumping up
against our lending limit'' of about $25 million to any single borrower. He said
that because the stadium financing is being handled elsewhere, ''it opens us up
to provide additional financing for Little Caesar and related enterprises.''

Other financial experts in Detroit were surprised and a bit saddened that
Sumitomo stepped in at the last minute, doubly so because of Sumitomo's own
well-known financial problems.

''Could you ever in your wildest dreams think about a situation where the
Detroit banks let this deal get away from them, and then a Japanese bank gets in
and does the deal?'' said Charles Rothstein, managing director of GMA Capital
L.L.C., a Farmington Hills-based investment banking firm. ''Maybe the Japanese
banks just wanted to prove to the world that they are still out there and still
doing business. Maybe it was just a very aggressive pitch to get a high-profile
deal.''

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: McHale

                   Copyright 1998 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 23, 2008 Thursday

Investment group assures Vancouver athletes village on track

BYLINE: FRANCES BULA, Special to The Globe and Mail

SECTION: BRITISH COLUMBIA NEWS; 2010 OLYMPICS FINANCING CONCERNS; Pg. S1

LENGTH: 623 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


Vancouver officials are watching closely as a financial deadline comes up today
for the U.S. lender that is backing the construction of the city's Olympic
athletes village.

Fortress Investment Group, which has provided the $750-million loan to local
company Millennium Developments to build the 1,100-unit village, is facing a
$1.7-billion loan of its own coming due today.

That loan is related to Fortress's purchase of Intrawest two years ago. The
Whistler ski resort, where many of the 2010 Olympics events will be held, is one
of Intrawest's key assets - all of which makes Fortress's financial health of
extreme interest in both Vancouver and Whistler.

But Ken Bayne, Vancouver's general manager of business planning, said Fortress
officials have assured the city that the athletes village is on track, despite
news media stories about its other financial issues.

The story about the Fortress loan related to Whistler dominated local news this
week, after the Financial Times in London reported that the loan was coming due
and that Fortress was having difficulty refinancing it.

Mr. Bayne said the company has assured Vancouver that "whatever issues are being
reported are not affecting their commitment to this project."

Asked whether the city is monitoring Fortress's overall situation, Mr. Bayne
said: "Yes, absolutely we are."

He also confirmed that nothing has changed in the agreement the city has with
Millennium.

This is despite much speculation in the past three weeks that the city might be
asked to provide a guarantee for an additional loan from Fortress to Millennium.

There had been discussions among Vancouver, Millennium and Fortress in the past
several months about construction-cost overruns.

Those discussions grew intense when it became clear that Millennium would need
to get an additional contingency reserve - similar to a line of credit - to
cover up to $65-million in potential extra costs.

As the calendar neared Oct. 14, the date of Millennium's monthly draw from
Fortress, there were almost daily discussions about the conditions for that draw
and for any contingency reserve, with suggestions that the city might be asked
to provide a guarantee for the additional financing.

That prompted concern from some city councillors about whether the public was
getting enough information on the deal and about the potential for local
taxpayers being on the hook for extra costs.

It's been difficult to get complete information on the discussions because they
have been held in private council sessions.

Councillors have been warned that they face repercussions if they talk publicly
about the details.

Mr. Bayne said the city's business team - which includes the finance department,
real estate department head Michael Flanigan and deputy city manager Jody
Andrews - is continuing those discussions, but that there has been no change to
the city's guarantees.

The city had already provided a $190-million guarantee two years ago for the
original loan.

This was part of the complex arrangement needed for a project where the city has
the legal requirement to deliver it to VANOC but a private developer is actually
building it.

The city continues to hold legal title to the land while Millennium builds the
massive project, which includes condos, shops, a community centre and a daycare.

The city retained the land title in order to be able to take over the project in
a worst-case scenario.

Mr. Bayne said the city has to publicly report when it provides those kinds of
guarantees because of requirements from its auditor.

"That is important to the city's financial condition.

"If there is any change to the arrangement, that means a change to the city's
risk and it would need to be reported."

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 10, 2017

                               EMPAF PARTNERSHIP

                          CROMWELL HOUSE, 68 WEST GATE
                                   MANSFIELD
                                NOTTINGHAMSHIRE
                               MANSFIELD NG18 1RR


TRADE ADDRESS: Cromwell House, 68 West Gate Man, MANSFIELD NG18 1RR

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 06307618

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 10, 2007
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Janet Elizabeth Reynolds, Accounts Manager
     ·    Mr Vincent John Attwood, Community Arts Worker
     ·    Mrs Julie Dawn Batten, Director Of Charity
     ·    Kevin Paul Ryan, Arts Director
     ·    Tina Glover, Retired Chief Executive


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 21, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 10, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                           1,567     2,060     2,587
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                           1,567     2,060     2,587
Total Current Assets                           1,567     2,060     2,587
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   1,567     2,060     2,587



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                480       480       480
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                        480       480       480
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                        480       480       480
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                480       480       480
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  1,087     1,580     2,107
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              1,087     1,580     2,107
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     1,087     1,580     2,107


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       1,087     1,580     2,107
Net Worth              1,087     1,580     2,107
Working Capital        1,087     1,580     2,107
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -23.93 -39.43  -52.4
Current Assets     -23.93 -39.43  -52.4
Current                 0      0 -20.13
Liabilities
Capital Employed    -31.2 -48.41 -59.61
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        1
Year -1  7
=        5
Year -2  9
=        7
Year -3  9
=        5

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                3.26      4.29      5.39
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  3.26      4.29      5.39
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.69      0.77      0.81
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,087

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                            April 16, 2016 Saturday

Int'l community endorses initiative to support refugees, hosts

LENGTH: 748  words


By JT - Apr 16,2016 - Last updated at Apr 16,2016

In this photo taken on Thursday, Syrian families load their belongings onto a
bus in the town of Palmyra in the central Homs province, Syria (AP photo)

AMMAN - The World Bank Group (WBG) on Friday announced that eight nations and
the European Commission pledged a multi-million package in support of Syrian
refugees and host communities in Jordan and Lebanon, as well as recovery and
reconstruction across the region.

According to a statement e-mailed to The Jordan Times, the World Bank-led
financing initiative includes $141 million in grants, $1 billion in soft loans,
$500 million in guarantees.

The statement added that the package means that the new facility will be able to
generate up to $800 million in concessional loans next year.

Japan, France, the United Kingdom, the United States, Germany, Canada, the
Netherlands, Norway and the European Commission each pledged their initial
financial contributions to the New Financing Initiative to Support the Middle
East and North Africa Region, said the bank, adding that the pledging occurred
at a ministerial conference co-chaired by WBG president, UN secretary general
and the president of the Islamic Development Bank (IDB).

The conference brought together ministers from G7, Gulf Cooperation Council,
European and MENA countries, as well as the heads of various multilateral
development banks and international organisations.

"Today's strong show of support for the people of the Middle East and North
Africa is an example of how the international community can come together to
address major challenges," WBG President Jim Yong Kim was quoted as saying in
the statement.

"These grants mean we can now begin expanding programmes to help Jordan and
Lebanon cope with the impact of the Syrian refugee crisis, while guarantees will
allow multilateral development banks to increase their financing in support of
countries across the region confronting the multiple consequences of
instability," he added.

"I am confident of mobilising additional support for recovery and
reconstruction, and reaching our goal of raising $1 billion in grants over the
next five years, which we will leverage to create $3 to 4 billion in much needed
concessional financing."

The new financing initiative was launched jointly by the WBG, the UN and the IDB
in October of last year on the sidelines of the annual meetings of the
International Monetary Fund and WBG in Peru.

The goal of the initiative is to rally the international community and improve
coordination among international organisations, to meet the scale of both the
MENA region's humanitarian and development needs, said the bank's statement,
noting that the three organisations formed a working group which over the last
six months, together with representatives of 26 supporting and benefitting
countries, as well as nine regional and international organisations, has focused
on developing the structure of the initiative and a roadmap for its
implementation.

"The Syrian conflict continues to cause massive death, destruction and
displacement. As we search for a political path towards peace, we also need a
well-coordinated humanitarian and development response," said UN Secretary
General Ban Ki-moon.

Through innovative financing, the initiative plans to provide concessional
financing to Jordan and Lebanon, the middle-income countries most severely
impacted by the Syrian refugee crisis, expand the funding available to countries
struggling with slow growth and high youth unemployment as a result of
instability and to prepare for post-war reconstruction, according to the
statement.

"The region faces enormous challenges and our development assistance is needed
now more than ever, but it is critical that we unite to leverage our various
comparative advantages," Said IDB President Mohamed Ali Al Madani

Over 15 million people in the MENA region have been forced from their homes in
the past five years due to conflict and instability, taking an enormous
humanitarian and economic toll.

Along with the human suffering, immense pressures have been placed on the
resources of host countries that were already facing significant economic
challenges. In addition to the immediate costs, estimates to rebuild the
war-torn areas are in the hundreds of billions of dollars. Ongoing instability
has also contributed to a regional economic slowdown, even in countries not
directly affected by conflict.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/37/62/47/146089452954.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2016 The Jordan Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 12, 2014 Wednesday

Erie County Council OKs debt guarantee for bayfront hotel

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1059 words


Feb. 12--A $65,000-a-year payment has been approved.

There's also a land swap, involving county government and the area's largest
hotelier.

And Erie County Council -- after weeks of often bitter public debate -- approved
a loan guarantee of up to $60 million, clearing the way for a new 191-room hotel
adjacent to the Bayfront Convention Center.

At the end of a furious day of maneuvering on waterfront development, County
Council on Tuesday night voted 4-2 in favor of the debt guarantee, which in
recent weeks became one of the most contentious political issues seen locally in
years.

Voting for the guarantee were Council Chairman Kyle Foust and Councilmen Edward
T. DiMattio Jr., Phil Fatica and Jay Breneman.

Councilwoman Carol Loll and Councilman Andre Horton voted against it. Councilman
Fiore Leone, recovering from surgery on Monday, was absent. The meeting was
moved to Courtroom H at the courthouse to accommodate the crowd of more than 100
people. Council's vote took place after more than an hour of public comment.

The guarantee, requested by the Erie County Convention Center Authority, allows
the authority to use county government's high-grade debt rating to save nearly
$20 million in interest costs on either a long-term capital bond or bank
financing to pay for the hotel.

Council members debated the issue for weeks. But a council majority was not
secured until Tuesday morning, when the Erie County Convention Center Authority
unanimously approved giving the county $65,000 a year in exchange for the loan
guarantee over the life of the 30-year bonds needed for the hotel project, or an
estimated $2 million.

That payment -- referred to by officials as a "credit enhancement" -- secured
"yes" votes from Breneman and Fatica on Tuesday.

Breneman, in recent days, had pushed for a payment from the Convention Center
Authority and said his support was contingent on getting one.

"I am satisfied with the terms negotiated with ECCCA for payment to offset the
risk taken by Erie County taxpayers in guaranteeing the bond," Breneman said
Tuesday.

Fatica added, "The key thing for me is we came to an agreement, and worked out
something for both sides."

Loll didn't agree. "The taxpayers have unanimously said they don't want to be
put in this position," she said.

The Convention Center Authority wants a new publicly owned, publicly funded
hotel and parking garage adjacent to the Bayfront Convention Center on the
Sassafras Street Pier. The authority secured a $25 million state grant for the
project, in addition to the millions saved on financing.

County government would be at risk for repayment only if the authority defaulted
on its loan.

The hotel could be open as soon as 2016.

In another move crucial to Tuesday's developments, the Convention Center
Authority agreed to give the county a parcel of land, valued at $250,000, at the
northeast corner of State Street and the Bayfront Parkway, so the county can
swap that parcel with land that private developer Nick Scott Sr. owns near the
county's Blasco Library.

His company, Scott Enterprises Inc., led opposition to the debt guarantee,
claiming that a second publicly guaranteed hotel would hurt the Sheraton's
revenues and that there is no reason to put taxpayers at risk when a private
developer is willing to build nearby.

Scott Enterprises has also proposed Harbor Place, a $150 million waterfront
development about one-half mile east of the Convention Center. The Scott project
includes at least one hotel and would mostly be privately funded, though it is
seeking a $12 million state grant.

The swap appealed to County Executive Kathy Dahlkemper, who has been looking for
land for more parking, the Convention Center Authority said.

The authority bought the parcel in 2002 for $170,000 from a private landowner at
a time when development of a convention center focused on the Scott-owned land
along the bayfront.

The parcel is a little less than one-half acre and is assessed at $190,900,
though the Convention Center Authority valued it at about $250,000.

Dahlkemper said that while Tuesday's moves "didn't satisfy everybody," she is
comfortable with what has been negotiated and with County Council's vote.
Dahlkemper said she believes the Convention Center Authority and Scott projects
will be successful.

"I really believe both projects can move bayfront development along the way we
all want," Dahlkemper said. "The county really thinks the risk is very minimal
now. The Convention Center Authority has its project at a place now where it
will move forward. And the Scotts are moving forward."

Nick Scott Sr. said at Tuesday's meeting that while he was disappointed with the
deals worked out Tuesday, Harbor Place will go forward.

County Council's Horton, meanwhile, asked his colleagues to postpone a vote.
Horton said he would not support having the county guarantee the debt on the
hotel unless the Erie County Convention Center Authority enters into what he
called a community benefits agreement "that details the project's contributions
to the community and ensures community support for the project."

Horton spoke about his opposition to the project for about 10 minutes Tuesday
morning during a news conference.

"This process was a flawed process," he said. "This process hasn't been open. It
has been run through business people, and the elite. No one engaged the
communities in the surrounding areas. The people who live closest to the project
live in some of the poorest neighborhoods in the area."

Horton, whose district includes the bayfront, said County Council "needs to be
fiscally responsible" when determining the future of the proposed hotel.

"This is a large risk that the taxpayer will be taking on," he added. "Very few
people will be able to afford a $250-a-night room, let alone a $150-a-night
room."

The Convention Center Authority sought and received a similar guarantee -- for
$48 million -- from county government in 2005 for the 200-room Sheraton Erie
Bayfront Hotel on West Dobbins Landing, which is connected to the Convention
Center by an overhead walkway.

That hotel and the planned hotel would be exempt from property taxes.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNflowers.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140212-EI-Erie-County-Council-OKs-debt-guarantee
-for-bayfront-hotel-0212-20140212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               December 29, 2016

                       SIXTOWNS COMMUNITY RESOURCE CENTRE

                                       3
                                  FARBURN ROAD
                                     OMAGH
                              MAGHERAFELT BT45 7BH


TRADE ADDRESS: 183 Sixtowns Road Draperstown, MAGHERAFELT BT45 7BH

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: NI037331

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 10, 1999
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Lawrence Cleary, Farmer
     ·    Mr William Phillips, Farmer
     ·    Mrs Mary Cleary, Housewife
     ·    Mr Patrick Mceldowney, Retail Manager
     ·    Mrs Bernadette Mcnamee, Housewife
     ·    Mrs Beatrice Phillips, Housewife
     ·    Mr William Robert Phillips


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: November 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: November 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  November 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 21, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 10, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  26,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              520,684   520,375   520,375
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           520,684   520,375   520,375
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          10,575         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  12,352    15,058    11,397
Other Current Assets                          22,927    15,058    11,397
Total Current Assets                          22,927    15,058    11,397
Fixed Assets                                 520,684   520,375   520,375
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 543,611   535,433   531,772



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -       219
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -       219
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         0
Short Term Loans                                   -         -       219
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -       219
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -       219
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           520,375   535,433   520,375
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 23,236         0    11,178
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            543,611   535,433   531,553
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)           520,375   535,433   520,375
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -   531,553


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed     543,611   535,433   531,553
Net Worth            543,611   535,433   531,553
Working Capital       22,927    15,058    11,178
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         1.53   2.23   2.07
Current Assets      52.26 101.17  87.76
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed     1.53   2.27   2.18
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  79
=
Year -1  87
=
Year -2  96
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                0/11/201 30/11/201 30/11/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -     52.04
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -     52.04
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -      0.04
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -      0.02
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         0

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                December 6, 2016

                       BELFAST YOUTH AND COMMUNITY GROUP

                               UNIT 9 BRUCE HOUSE
                             LITTLE VICTORIA STREET
                                    BELFAST
                                Belfast BT2 7JH


TRADE ADDRESS: Registered Address Unit 9 Bruce House, Belfast BT2 7JH

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: NI609534

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 18, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Alessandro Rocco, Musician
     ·    Mr Thomas Lamour, Musician
     ·    Mr Corin Gillespie, Musician
     ·    Mr Barry Carleton, Shop Assistant
     ·    Mr Darren Masterson, Musician
     ·    Mr Ross Wilkinson, Student
     ·    Mr Stephen William Martin, Recruitment Specialist
     ·    Mr Matt Hunt, Lecturer
     ·    Mr Matt Houston, Chef
     ·    Kathleen Jamison, Hospitality
     ·    Jonathan Mckee, Telecomunications
     ·    James Owens, None


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Small unquoted company filing only a modified balance sheet

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: October 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 31, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 18, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         0     1,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         0     1,000
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                           2,000     1,000     2,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                           2,000     1,000     2,000
Total Current Assets                           2,000     1,000     2,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                   2,000     1,000     3,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          0         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                    2,000     2,000     2,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              2,000     2,000     2,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0     -1000     1,000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                                  0     -1000     1,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     2,000     1,000     3,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       2,000     1,000     3,000
Net Worth                  0     -1000     1,000
Working Capital        2,000     1,000     2,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -    100    -33
Current Assets          -    100      0
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -    100    -33
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,148 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -3.92     2.19    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -4.77     0.46    12.02
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.45     0.33     9.76
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              45.69   125.39   297.55
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.58     0.93     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.50     1.03     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  12,000.0 17,833.3 23,833.3
                                                          0        3        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  33,636.9 54,242.3 85,000.0
                                                          8        1        0
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.06    31.77    21.70



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  5
=        5
Year -1  5
=        0
Year -2  3
=        9
Year -3  5
=        3

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.00         -      0.33
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,000

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

FORM 8-K: Education Realty Trust, Inc FILES Current report

LENGTH: 2242  words

DATELINE: Washington


Education Realty Trust, Inc, Maryland, has filed FORM 8-K (Current report) with
Securities and Exchange Commission on October 27, 2014

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Maryland

Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

On October 27, 2014, Education Realty Trust, Inc. (the "Company") issued a press
release announcing its results of operations for the nine months ended September
30, 2014 and made available updated supplemental information concerning the
ownership, operations and portfolio of the Company. A copy of the press release
and this supplemental information are furnished as Exhibits 99.1 and Exhibit
99.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

This Current Report on Form 8-K and the exhibits attached hereto are being
furnished by the Company pursuant to Item 2.02 and Item 7.01 of Form 8-K in
satisfaction of the public disclosure requirements of Regulation FD and Item
2.02 of Form 8-K, insofar as they disclose historical information regarding the
Company's results of operations or financial condition for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2014.

In accordance with General Instructions B.2 and B.6 of Form 8-K, the information
included in this Current Report on Form 8-K (including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2
hereto) shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise
subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated
by reference into any filing made by the Company under the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by
specific reference in such a filing.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

The disclosure contained in Item 2.02 is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are being furnished with this Current
Report on Form 8-K.


Exhibit No.



Description
99.1



Press Release dated October 27, 2014
99.2



Third Quarter 2014 Supplemental Financial Report

EdR ANNOUNCES THIRD QUARTER 2014 RESULTS
- Core FFO per Share Up 38% in the Quarter and 21% YTD -
- Company Reaffirms 2014 Guidance -

MEMPHIS, TN,  - EdR (NYSE:EDR), one of the nation's largest developers, owners
and managers of collegiate housing, today announced results for the quarter
ended September 30, 2014.


Company Highlights


o

Core funds from operations ("Core FFO") was $14.8 million, or $0.11 per
share/unit for the third quarter, compared to $8.7 million, or $0.08 per
share/unit in the prior year, an increase of 38% on a per share basis;

o

Same-community net operating income ("NOI") improved 4.4% for the quarter on a
3.5% growth in revenue and a 2.9% increase in operating expenses;

o

Opened the 2014/2015 lease term with same-community revenue growth of 4.0%,
comprised of a net rental rate increase of 2.0% and a 200 basis point growth in
opening occupancy to 96.3%;

o

Delivered nine new owned communities in August, on-time and on-budget, for an
aggregate cost of $303.7 million;

o

Entered into a sales agreement for the disposition of The Pointe at South
Florida, a 15-year old, 1,002-bed community non-pedestrian to the University of
South Florida campus. The transaction closed in early October for $31.0 million;


o

Completed the previously announced acquisition of The District on Apache, a 100%
leased, 900-bed community adjacent to Arizona State University for $89.8
million;

o

As previously disclosed, recognized a $3.0 million guarantee fee upon the July
2014 refinancing of the participating development at Johns Hopkins and full
repayment of the Company's $18.0 million mezzanine investment; and

o

Appointed Bill Brewer as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
and promoted Christine Richards to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer.

1


"I couldn't be more proud of what we achieved this year or more excited for what
is yet to come," stated Randy Churchey, EdR's president and chief executive
officer.  "In June, strong demand for our follow-on equity offering signaled
investor approval of our disciplined growth strategy and operating results. In
August, our development and construction teams delivered a record 6,000 beds on
time and on budget. And this fall our operations team produced yet another year
of industry leading leasing results, with same-community revenue growth of 4.0%.
Our teams continue to effectively execute on our plans, providing exciting
growth for the Company and our investors."


Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Stockholders

Net income attributable to common stockholders for the quarter was $21.4
million, or $0.15 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $4.5 million, or
$0.04 per diluted share, for the prior year. The $25.9 million increase in net
income attributable to common stockholders relates primarily to the following
items recognized in the quarter ended September 30, 2014:


o

$8.4 million in gains on sale of collegiate housing communities,

o

$8.1 million gain on the settlement of an insurance claim related to the 2012
fire at our community in St. Louis,

o

$6.5 million of previously deferred interest income relating our third-party
development at Johns Hopkins University,

o

$1.5 million of previously deferred third-party development fees, net of costs
and taxes, related to our participating development at Johns Hopkins, and

o

$3.0 million loan guarantee fee relating to our third-party development at Johns
Hopkins University.


Core Funds From Operations

Core FFO for the quarter was $14.8 million, as compared to $8.7 million in the
prior year, an increase of 70%. Core FFO per share/unit for the quarter
increased 38% to $0.11. The $6.1 million improvement in Core FFO mainly reflects
a $5.0 million growth in community net operating income and the $3.0 million
loan guarantee fee relating to our participating development at Johns Hopkins
University offset by a $1.7 million increase in third-party and corporate
general and administrative costs and ground lease expense.

A reconciliation of funds from operations ("FFO") and Core FFO to net income is
included with the financial tables accompanying this release.


Same-Community Results

Net operating income was $12.4 million for the quarter, an increase of 4.4%, or
$0.5 million, from the prior year. Revenue for the quarter was up 3.5% as
compared to the prior year with a 2.1% growth in rental rates, a 0.6%
improvement in occupancy and a 0.8% increase in other income. Operating expenses
for the quarter increased $0.5 million, or 2.9%, mainly due to a $0.4 million,
or 14%, increase in real estate taxes.

2


2014/2015 Lease Term Opening

The same-community leasing portfolio opened the 2014/2015 lease term with a 4.0%
increase in rental revenue. Opening occupancy was up 200 basis points to 96.3%
and net rental rates opened the term 2.0% above the prior year. New-communities
opened the 2014/2015 lease term with an average occupancy of 96.1%.

As previously disclosed, the same-community mix for leasing purposes is
different than that for supplemental financial reporting purposes and includes
assets for which the Company has managed the leasing process for at least two
leasing cycles regardless of when the community was acquired or opened. For
example, a community that was developed and delivered in 2013 is included in the
same-community portfolio for leasing purposes, as the Company managed the
leasing process for the 2013/2014 and the current 2014/2015 lease terms.
However, since the community was not in operation for all twelve months of 2013
and 2014 it is not in the same-community portfolio for supplemental financial
reporting purposes in 2014.

As a result of this mix difference and absent other quarterly leasing
fluctuations, the same-community leasing results above, that were achieved for
the 2014/2015 lease term, equate to supplemental financial reporting same-
community revenue growth of just under 3% for the fourth quarter of 2014 and
approximately 4% in the first and second quarters of 2015.


University of Kentucky ("UK") Campus Housing Revitalization Plan

All of the 2014 deliveries with a total of 2,381 beds, were opened on time and
100% leased for the 2014/2015 academic year. At the same time construction is
underway and proceeding as planned on the 2015 deliveries, which include 1,610
beds for a total cost of $101.2 million, and the 2016 deliveries, which include
1,141 beds for a total cost of $83.9 million. While planning has begun for the
2017 deliveries under this long-term relationship with UK, to date a total of
5,733 beds in live learn communities have been approved for a total cost
approaching $350 million.


Investment Activity

The Company completed its busiest development cycle, successfully delivering
on-time and on-budget a total of 11 communities, with over 6,000 beds. This
includes the pre-sale at Florida International University and two third-party
development projects. Construction is on schedule for the 2015 and 2016
development deliveries at the universities of Kentucky, Louisville, Connecticut
and Georgia.

During the quarter, the Company completed the previously announced acquisition
of The District on Apache, a 900-bed community adjacent to Arizona State
University, for approximately $89.8 million. The community opened in 2013 and is
100% leased for the 2014/2015 lease term.
"The quarter was marked by a Company record $303.7 million of development
deliveries, an excellent pedestrian to campus acquisition at Arizona State
University and the sale of three non-pedestrian to campus assets," stated Tom
Trubiana, EdR's executive vice president and chief investment officer. "We have
successfully executed on growth opportunities and continue to work a robust
pipeline for deliveries in 2016 and beyond."

3


As previously disclosed, during the third quarter the Company received and
recognized a $3.0 million fee for guaranteeing the construction loan related to
the third-party participating development at Johns Hopkins University. The owner
of the development successfully closed on permanent financing for the community
in July 2014, repaying in-full their construction loan as well as the $18.0
million mezzanine investment made by EdR. As a result of the repayment of the
mezzanine investment, the Company also recognized $6.5 million of interest
income and $1.5 million of development fees, net of costs and taxes, that had
previously been received from the owner but deferred for GAAP purposes. As the
previously deferred amounts were added to Core FFO in prior years when the fees
would have been earned, they have been removed from Core FFO for the quarter and
nine months ended September 30, 2014.


Dispositions

The Company recognized a gain of approximately $8.4 million, during the quarter,
related to the previously announced sales of two older, non-pedestrian to campus
communities at the University of South Carolina and Auburn University. The $29.9
million of net proceeds from these dispositions was used to pay-off
approximately $16.7 million of mortgage debt, with an average interest rate of
4.9%, and to pay down the Company's unsecured revolving credit facility.

During the quarter the Company entered into an agreement to sell The Pointe at
South Florida, a 1,002-bed community at the University of South Florida, for
$31.0 million. The 15-year old community was located over half a mile from
campus in a market that has seen significant supply added in recent years and
that is expecting the university to add significant supply in the near future.
The community was classified as held for sale on our balance sheet at September
30, 2014 and the sale was completed in October 2014. The Company will recognize
a gain of approximately $2.6 million from this disposition in the 4th quarter of
2014.

The Company is in the process of marketing two additional communities for sale.
Based on current estimates, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of
approximately $1.0 million in the third quarter related to one of the marketed
communities. The Company anticipates that it would record a gain on the sale of
the other community if and when the sale closes; however, there is no guarantee
that either of these communities will ultimately be sold.


Capital Structure

At September 30, 2014, the Company had cash and cash equivalents totaling $18.4
million and had $290 million of availability on its unsecured revolving credit
facility. The Company's debt to gross assets was 36%, net debt to EBITDA -
adjusted 5.2x, and interest coverage ratio 4.9x. The Company has the financial
capacity through operating cash flow, proceeds from recently completed
dispositions and availability under its revolving credit facility to fund all of
its announced developments.

During the third quarter, the Company sold 2.9 million shares of common stock at
an average price of $10.86, raising net proceeds of $31.5 million. The proceeds
were used to pay down the revolving credit facility and fund our development
pipeline. As these sales exhausted the Company's existing "at-the-market" equity
program (ATM), our Board of Directors approved a new ATM program and the Company
has entered into equity distribution agreements for the future sale of shares of
up to $150 million in value.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Orillia Today

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Orillia lends charity $450,000

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 580  words


An effort to provide a home for Orillia's homeless is one step closer to reality
as the city offers financial support for the 'Building Hope' initiative.

Council will loan Lighthouse Christian Ministries up to $450,000 to purchase a
south-end property for a shelter serving men, women and families.

Speaking outside the council chamber Monday, board chair Glenn Wagner said the
show of support left him feeling emotional.

"It's a milestone in the project, and now we've got a lot of work to do," Wagner
told Simcoe.com.

Set on a 2.4-acre parcel of land at 75 Queen Street, the facility will also
provide round-the-clock access to services for individuals with mental health
and addiction issues, in partnership with the Canadian Mental Health
Association.

Lighthouse Christian Ministries currently operates a men's shelter and soup
kitchen on Peter Street South.

"The need and demand for emergency and transitional and interim housing is very
well documented for our community," Coun. Jeff Clark said in supporting the
proposal.

Providing shelter in a safe environment will reduce the strain on health care
and law enforcement, he added.

Coun. Pat Hehn concurred. "Many of us campaigned on the fact that we knew there
were needs for people that were homeless in our community, so we have to step up
to the plate," she said.

Coun. Ted Emond is "uncomfortable" supporting the loan without first seeing a
detailed financial plan outlining the group's proposed capital expenditures.

Emond additionally wants evidence to show the group has the support of
neighbouring property owners.

Coun. Ralph Cipolla suggested the group instead consider utilizing city-owned
properties.

Cipolla also raised the specter of an Ontario Municipal Board hearing, should
the project face opposition.

"That could cost a couple hundred thousand dollars if it is taken to the nth
degree," he warned.

Emond and Cipolla were in the minority, however.

Like the majority of her colleagues, Coun. Sarah Valiquette-Thompson argued that
council must act now to support the initiative.

"I feel that as a municipal government, we have to step up about this issue,"
she added.

Lighthouse is seeking an interest-free loan for five years, with a lump sum
repayment at the end of the term.

The County of Simcoe demonstrated an early show of support in the form of a
$35,000 start-up grant.

An interest-free loan for $450,000 would cost the city approximately $67,000
over five years, as the municipality would be required to borrow.

According to Wagner, the majority of sites explored by the group were in
residential areas where the project could have faced opposition.

"We saw that as a red flag, directly," said Wagner.

The Queen Street site is in a non-residential area, and its closest neighbour is
the Common Roof building, home to a number of social services.

"A lot of our clients utilize that facility," Wagner added.

Orillia's housing committee supports the loan, noting the building is centrally
located and has the potential to draw other community partners.

Lighthouse is exploring the possibility of bringing additional agencies into the
fold, Wagner added.

"We have been talking with others that we'd like to join in the hub facility,"
he said.

The loan is conditional on Lighthouse securing the necessary zoning.

It must also agree to pledge the land as security to guarantee the loan.

A major capital campaign is planned to help cover construction costs, which
range from $4 million to $6 million depending on the partners involved.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Thomas Tribune (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 28, 2014

USDA Specialists Head to Clinton, Tout $125 Million in Area Investments

BYLINE: The Thomas Tribune staff

LENGTH: 594  words


USDA Rural Development employees from across Oklahoma head to Clinton this week
for major staff training. The gathering will also highlight the $125 million
worth of Rural Development investments made in Custer County and surrounding
western Oklahoma counties in recent years.

Ryan McMullen, an area State Representative, received a Presidential appointment
to serve as the State Director for USDA Rural Development in 2009. During
McMullen's tenure, the Burns Flat native has worked to ensure Rural Development
investments have reached historically under-served areas like western Oklahoma.

USDA Rural Development administers forty Federal programs that support small
towns, rural businesses, and rural homeownership.

Over the last five years USDA business loan guarantees have facilitated over $50
million in private investment, saved 124 jobs, and created 232 new jobs in the
local area. USDA financing has enabled much of the recent development along 1-40
in Clinton, including the Water-Zoo Indoor Water Park, La Quinta Inn, and
Holiday Inn Express. USDA guarantees recently financed Elk City's Comfort Inn
and a private medical clinic in Anadarko. USDA has been a long-time partner with
Canute's Root 66 Propane and helped finance this company's significant growth
across Kansas, Oklahoma, and Texas.

Since 2009 USDA Rural Development has made over $64 million in home loans and
guarantees in west central Oklahoma. USDA also finances and services 27
apartment complexes in small towns throughout the area.

Last year USDA's Rural Energy program provided efficiency improvements to
Puckett Food Stores in Sayre and Erick. This year USDA has provided over $6
million for water and wastewater projects in Canute and Thomas; and Community
Facility Grants to volunteer fire departments in Dill City, Colony, and
Roosevelt.

"Bringing our employees to western Oklahoma provides a great opportunity to
reflect on some of the great work they've done in the area," said McMullen.

In addition to internal staff development, the USDA Rural Development staff will
hear presentations from a numbers of state and federal partners: South Western
Oklahoma Development Authority, Southwestern Oklahoma State University, OSU
Cooperative Extension, Oklahoma Department of Commerce, Bureau of Indian
Affairs, and U.S. Small Business Administration.

"Each agency brings particular resources and technical expertise in assisting
small town Oklahoma," said McMullen. "We believe it's critical that these
agencies function as a team, as we strive to efficiently meet the needs of
Oklahoma's small towns."

Clinton was far from randomly selected to host the statewide meeting. McMullen
believes that it is important for the agency that is charged with administering
federal rural development programs to "put their money where their mouth is" and
invest the dollars allocated for this meeting into a rural community.

"It is a rare opportunity to assemble our entire staff for this type of
training; in fact, this is the first occasion in over three years," said
McMullen. "I believe we are walking the walk when we support rural economies by
eating at local restaurants and staying in local hotels."

"For these reasons, I insisted on a conference location other than the typical
convention center in Oklahoma City or Tulsa," said McMullen. "Holding our
meeting in Clinton is just another small way USDA Rural Development can
contribute to western Oklahoma."

For more information about programs available to rural Oklahomans through USDA
Rural Development, please call 1-800-522-3819 extension 1000.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TMS

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 The Thomas Tribune


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                February 1, 2017

                    Midwest Electric Cooperative Corporation

                      104 Washington Avenue, P.O. Box 970
                                  Grant 69140
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding Of Around $1.95 Billion To Improve Electric Service In
Rural Communities Across US

   Oct 11, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding to modernize and
improve the efficiency of rural electric generation and transmission systems.
The announcement includes additional support of $134m in smart grid
technologies. The $1.95 billion in loan guarantees announced are provided by
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service.The funding helps electric
utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric
infrastructure. The agency also funds energy conservation and renewable energy
projects.Tom Vilsack, agriculture secretary at USDA, said, USDA and the Obama
administration continue to make key investments in rural electric cooperatives
that will modernize service and improve reliability for rural businesses and
residential customer. Today's announcement also includes funding that will
enable rural electric cooperatives and utilities to adopt smart grid
technologies in their operation as part of the ongoing efforts to modernize
rural America's electric grid. The following is a list of rural utilities that
will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement. South Alabama Electric Cooperative will receive
$17,800,000 that will be used to build and improve 144 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $125,000 in
smart grid projects. Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation will receive
$245,000,000 that will be used to acquire Hot Spring Generating Facility, a 660
MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle electric generating plant. The funding also
covers communities in Louisiana, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas. Kirkwood Meadows
Public Utility District will receive $50,000,000 that will be used to build or
improve 40 miles of distribution and transmission line and make other system
improvements in California. The loan guarantee includes $200,000 in smart grid
projects. Eagle Valley Clean Energy, LLC will receive $40,000,000 that will be
used to partially finance a renewable generating plant with a capacity of 11.5
MW in Colorado. The plant will utilize wood biomass for fuel. Green Energy Team,
LLC will receive $72,883,000 that will be used to partially finance a renewable
generating plant with a capacity of 7.5 MW in Hawaii. The plant will utilize
wood biomass for fuel. Southern Iowa Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$10,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 106 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $135,000 in
smart grid projects and $2,043,387 for storm damage projects. SMECO Solar, LLC
will receive $14,565,000 that will be used to finance the construction of the
Herbert Farm Solar Project, a 5.5 MW renewable solar-powered generating facility
in Maryland. Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$87,160,000 that will be used to build 37 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. Federated Rural Electric Association will receive
$6,700,000 that will used to build and improve 76 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements in Minnesota and Iowa. The loan guarantee
includes $1,542,000 in smart grid projects. South Mississippi Electric Power
Association will also receive $480,000,000 that will be used to finance a 15%
share of the Kemper County Integrated Gasification combined cycle project. South
Mississippi Electric Power Association will receive $90,863,000 that will be
used to build seven miles of transmission line and four new substations and make
communications upgrades. The loan amount includes $67,228,000 in smart grid
projects. KAMO Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $154,600,000 that will be
used to finance 116 miles of new transmission line, two substations and make
other system improvements in Missouri and Oklahoma. The loan amount includes
$32,120,980 in smart grid projects. KBR Rural Public Power District will receive
$13,314,000 that will be used to build and improve 129 miles of distribution
line and nine miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements in
Nebraska . The loan amount includes $791,475 in smart grid projects. Otero
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $30,886,000 that will be used to
build and improve 200 miles of distribution line and 10 miles of transmission
line, and make other system improvements in New Mexico. The loan amount includes
$345,000 in smart grid projects. Central Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $44,973,000 that will be used to build and improve 589 miles of
distribution line and 30 miles of transmission line, and make other system
improvements in New Mexico. Delaware County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $5,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 53 miles of
distribution line, two substations and make other system improvements in New
York. The loan amount includes $50,660 in smart grid projects. Minnkota Power
Cooperative, Inc. will receive $308,700,000 that will be used to build 260 miles
of transmission line in North Dakota and Minnesota. The loan amount includes
$2,800,000 in smart grid projects. Mountrail-Williams Electric Cooperative will
receive $54,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 520 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in North Dakota and
Montana. The loan amount includes $659,800 in smart grid projects. Firelands
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $4,800,000 that will be used to build
and improve 43 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Ohio. The loan amount includes $1,122,000 in smart grid projects.Midwest
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $9,000,000 that will be used to build
and improve 115 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Ohio. The loan amount includes $288,900 in smart grid projects. San Patrico
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $16,853,000 that will be used to build
and improve 202 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Texas. The loan amount includes $2,157,754 in smart grid projects. East Texas
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $151,000,000 that will be used to
finance a 50 MW renewable generating plant. The plant will use wood biomass for
fuel. Orcas Power and Light Cooperative will receive $38,402,000 that will be
used to build and improve 109 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements in Washington. The loan amount includes $24,296,000 in smart grid
projects. Wyrulec Company will receive $4,887,000 that will be used to build and
improve 85 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Wyoming and Nebraska. The loan amount includes $155,700 in smart grid projects.


USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Services

   Sep 20, 2012

   United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced the latest in a
series of loan guarantees to finance improved efficiency and modernization rural
electric generation and transmission systems.Dallas Tonsager, rural development
under secretary, made the announcement on behalf of Tom Vilsack, secretary of
USDA, during a speech in Minneapolis to the National Rural Electric Cooperative
Association.Vilsack said, "These loan guarantees will bring expanded, modern
electric services to rural businesses and residential customers. Several of the
loans include funding to help utilities and cooperatives adopt smart grid
technologies to modernize electric systems." One of the guaranteed loan
recipients is Nobles Cooperative Electric, which serves several counties in
southwestern Minnesota as well as Lyon and Osceola counties in northwestern
Iowa. Nobles Cooperative Electric was selected for a $6.7m loan guarantee to
build and improve 63 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. The loan amount includes $850,000 in smart grid projects.
Residents elsewhere in Iowa will benefit from loans to rural utilities and
cooperatives. Associated Electric Cooperative, Inc. is receiving a $24.6m loan
guarantee to build new substations, a new switching station and a spare
transformer to improve service for customers in Iowa, Missouri and Oklahoma. The
Gundy Electric Cooperative, Inc., which serves customers in Iowa and Missouri,
was selected for a $5m loan guarantee to build and improve 18 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
over $700,000 in smart grid projects. Vilsack announced earlier September 2012
that USDA met its goal to finance $250m in smart grid technologies in fiscal
year 2012. This announcement includes support for nearly $10m in smart grid
technologies. The following is a list of rural utilities that will receive USDA
funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan
agreement. Middle Georgia Electric Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $6.3m.
Funds will be used to serve 736 consumers, build and improve 141 miles of
distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
$157,000 in smart grid projects. The Victory Electric Cooperative Association,
Inc. â[#x20ac]" $37m. Funds will be used to serve 831 consumers, build and
improve 143 miles of distribution line and 142 miles of transmission line, and
make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $2,430,500 in smart
grid projects. Twin Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $7.2m. Funds
will be used to serve 603 consumers, build and improve 56 miles of distribution
line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $675,000 in
smart grid projects. Nobles Cooperative Electric â[#x20ac]" $6.7m. Funds will be
used to serve 152 consumers, build and improve 63 miles of distribution line,
and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $854,100 in smart
grid projects. Se-Ma-No Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $2m. Funds will be used
to serve 380 consumers, build and improve 67 miles of distribution line, and
make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $41,800 in smart grid
projects. Sac Osage Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $9m. Funds will be
used to serve 713 consumers, build and improve 70 miles of distribution line,
and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $775,500 in smart
grid projects. Three Rivers Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $5.3m. Funds will be
used to serve 272 consumers, build and improve 20 miles of distribution line,
and make other system improvements. Grundy Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]"
$5m. Funds will be used to serve 332 consumers, build and improve 18 miles of
distribution line, and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes
$703,000 in smart grid projects. Associated Electric Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $24.63m. Funds will be used to build new substations, one new
switching station and a spare transformer. The Midwest Electric Corporation
â[#x20ac]" $6.47m. Funds will be used to serve 409 consumers, build and improve
175 miles of distribution line and 22 lines of transmission line, and make other
system improvements. The loan amount includes $612,600 in smart grid projects.
United Electric Cooperative Service, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $50m. Funds will be used to
serve 7,572 consumers, build and improve 1,097 miles of distribution line, and
make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $3,322,341 in smart
grid projects. Prince George Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $8.42m. Funds will
be to serve 1,690 consumers, build and improve 85 miles of distribution line,
and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $231,400 in smart
grid projects. The $168m in loan guarantees announced are provided by USDA Rural
Development's Rural Utilities Service. The funding helps electric utilities
upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric infrastructure.
USDA Rural Development also funds energy conservation and renewable energy
projects.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Key Operational Employees
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                            November 4, 2005, Friday

Council backs Manfeild loan

BYLINE: MATTHEWS LEE

SECTION: NEWS; LOCAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 163 words


MANFEILD Park Trust's $ 1.3-million development loan will be underwritten by the
Manawatu District Council.

The extraordinary council meeting heard yesterday that the trust could get a
more favourable interest rate if the council guaranteed the loan.

Council chief executive Rod Titcombe said the long term council community plan
saw it spend more than $ 4.75 million to develop Manfeild; $ 2.25 million as a
loan and the remainder as a grant.

If for any unexpected reason Manfeild failed, the council's $ 1.3 million
underwriting guarantee could be covered by that $ 4.75 million of planned
spending, he said.

"If it turned to custard . . . they would not get another dollop (of money)," Mr
Titcombe said.

Councillor Ross Barnett said he was satisfied that the trust could service the
loan. Projected income figures from the new corporate boxes and garaging, being
built by the $ 1.3 million, show there is no "real risk" to the council or
ratepayers.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Fairfax New Zealand


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             August 29, 2011 Monday

Action urged over credit demand

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 403 words


SFA director Patricia Callan is also calling for a state-backed loan guarantee
scheme, and for the advocacy remit of the Money Advice and Budgeting Service
(MABS) to be extended to allow it negotiate with banks on behalf of small firms.

Ms Callan was speaking in response to the fifth report from the Credit Review
Office (CRO), which indicates that Ireland's pillar banks are unlikely to meet
their EUR 3 billion additional lending requirements this year.

Ms Callan said: "It is unacceptable at a time when access to finance is the
single biggest issue for the small business community that the banks claim that
the reason they can't lend is because there is no demand.

"There is a clear difference between what our members are telling us and what
the banks are saying. The Central Bank will track the supply side and look at
the banks' figures, but we clearly also need reporting on the demand side to
assess companies' credit needs."

Ms Callan said business owners are finding their overdraft facilities are being
cut without notification, long-standing banking relations are being put aside
and they are having to "start from scratch" when dealing with new bank staff.

"A broad-based government-backed loan guarantee scheme, as operates successfully
in many other developed countries, needs to be introduced as a matter of
urgency. The scheme announced as part of the jobs initiative is too restrictive
and will not go very far in protecting or creating jobs," she said.

"Such underwriting of credit will allow businesses to recapitalise themselves
where the lending would be outside the prudential lending policies of the banks
and the Central Bank."

In relation to the recommendation of upskilling of management capabilities, the
SFA says MABS should be expanded to help small business owners resolve issues
such as advice on dealing with legal, accounting and finance for business
restructuring, and negotiating with creditors and banks.

The SFA is on the steering group of a Department of Finance initiative to
formalise demand-side surveys on access to credit on a half-yearly basis, which,
with the improved quarterly assessments by the Central Bank of the supply side,
should give a more realistic picture of the gaps in SME financing.

Ms Callan said: "Restoring trust and confidence is absolutely essential to
business investment and thus growth in jobs. This regular report is an essential
component in this process."

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 26, 2013 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Union Deal Keeps Chemical Plant Open In Scotland

BYLINE: By STANLEY REED

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1034 words


LONDON -- One of Scotland's largest manufacturing sites will remain open
following a settlement of a dispute between the plant's owners and the Unite
trade union that preserves hundreds of jobs and provides the facility with
millions of pounds in government support.

The deal rescinds a decision on Wednesday by the company, the oil and chemical
giant Ineos, to permanently shut the facility's petrochemical plant. It also
secures continued operations for the site's oil refinery, the only one in
Scotland and the source of most of the country's fuel. Ineos, which is privately
owned, shut down operations at both plants this month while workers represented
by Unite considered the company's proposals.

Ineos said in a statement that it would reopen the petrochemical plant ''with
immediate effect.'' ''This is a victory for common sense,'' Jim Ratcliffe, the
founder and chief executive of Ineos, said in a statement. ''Grangemouth now has
a great future.''

According to the Ineos statement, the union agreed to a three-year period during
which pay would be frozen and employees would agree not to strike, as well as to
changes in the pension plan that would save the company money. The union also
agreed to no longer have full-time representatives on the site.

The company said it will stick to its original proposal to invest 300 million
pounds in the plant. Ineos said the Scottish government had agreed to contribute
a 9 million pound grant while the British government tentatively approved 125
million pounds in loan guarantees.

The deal looks like a victory for Mr. Ratcliffe, who shut the whole facility
Oct. 17 while workers considered his offer and on Wednesday announced that he
would liquidate the petrochemical operation after the union rejected his plan.
That prompted a last-ditch effort by the general secretary of Unite, Len
McLuskey, who appeared to supplant local union leaders in negotiations with the
company. The Scottish and British governments also scrambled to try to head off
the closure of one of Britain's largest manufacturing sites and prevent possibly
thousands of job losses.

The decision came as a relief in Scotland and particularly in the Grangemouth
area in the country's east where the complex is the leading employer. Ineos has
about 1,400 employees at the facility, and about half of those jobs were
threatened by the petrochemical plant's closure. But as many as 10,000 jobs were
linked directly or indirectly to the plant, said Alysson Black, a local Labour
Party official who represents Grangemouth on the local council of Falkirk.

''Ineos is staying open, hallelujah,'' Ms. Black said in a text message after
hearing the news. Closing the plant ''would decimate the community,'' she said
just before the announcement.

The company has said that it contributes the equivalent of 65 percent of each
worker's salary to a defined benefit plan that, combined with salary, amounts to
90,000 pounds a year, or $145,700, for the typical worker. It asked workers to
shift to a defined contribution plan resembling a 401(k) in the United States
and offered up to 15,000 pounds as an incentive for workers to switch.

''This decision is clearly welcome. Relief will ring round the Grangemouth
community,'' said Pat Rafferty, the head of Unite in Scotland. But he said the
deal was ''tinged'' with sadness.

''Decent men and women are being asked to make sacrifices to hold on to their
jobs, but the clear wish of our members is that we work with the company to
implement its proposals,'' he said.

Some jobs may still be cut. ''Some reductions will come as we rationalize
production between the different units,'' said Tom Crotty, an Ineos director,
adding that any redundancies were ''not likely to be high and hopefully
voluntary.''

Mr. Ratcliffe, who has built Ineos into one of the world's largest petrochemical
companies in 15 years, has been searching for a way to keep alive a business
that has lost its edge. Grangemouth's petrochemical complex, like others in
northern England and Scotland, was built decades ago to take advantage of North
Sea oil and gas. With North Sea oil and gas production declining, Grangemouth
and other complexes are having difficulty obtaining low-cost raw materials for
plastics production.

They are also finding it tough to compete with petrochemical complexes in the
United States that are cashing in on cheap shale gas. Ineos has said it is
losing 10 million pounds a month at Grangemouth, mostly at the petrochemical
plant. Ineos can now make ethylene or raw plastic for half the price in Houston
that it can in Scotland, Mr. Crotty said.

Mr. Ratcliffe's vision is to bring ethane derived from shale gas from the United
States to Grangemouth. But that will require a big investment in specialized
terminals and other equipment. The grant from Scotland and loan guarantee from
Britain will support that effort. He is also planning to make similar
investments to feed an Ineos plant in Norway.

Paul Hodges, who formerly ran a large petrochemical business now operated by
Ineos in Britain, said that what had been ''an incredibly vibrant''
petrochemical industry now needed reinvention and new investment.

''You have got to have a vision,'' said Mr. Hodges, chairman of International
eChem, a London-based industry consulting firm.

Ineos has already lined up long-term supplies of raw material derived from shale
gas brought ''from the Appalachians to Scotland,'' Mr. Crotty said. Alexander
Kemp, a professor of petroleum economics at the University of Aberdeen in
Scotland, said that the Ineos plan had ''clear merits.''

As for the plant's oil refinery, most analysts believed that closure might cause
short-term fuel disruptions but that over time other refineries in Europe with
spare capacity could have stepped in. About 13 of 20 major refineries have
closed in Britain since the early 1970s, but the Scottish government, which is
to vote on independence from Britain next year, was very concerned not to lose
the Ineos refinery.

''Very few governments are prepared to have refineries shut down because that
has enormous implications for energy security,'' Mr. Hodges said.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/26/business/international/deal-with-union-prevent
s-closure-of-major-scottish-plant.html

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday

Worcester woos airplane company;
Lake Aerospace could add 130 jobs

BYLINE: Danielle M. Horn, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


City officials are working to attract an amphibious plane company to the
airport, expecting that it would create 130 jobs over three years.

The City Council tonight will receive City Manager Michael V. O'Brien's
recommendation to approve a $1 million U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development Section 108 Loan Guarantee, which would help the Delaware-based Lake
Aerospace LLC fund a proposed $7.3 million project at 10 Coppage Drive. The
council is expected to refer the proposal to its Standing Committee on Economic
Development.

Timothy J. McGourthy, director of economic development, said the loan guarantee
is only one portion of the financing Lake Aerospace is seeking as it looks to
open a facility for the production, sales, and service of Lake Amphibians, the
only Federal Aviation Administration-certified single-engine amphibious aircraft
in the world. The planes, which come in civilian and military models, are
designed to operate smoothly and efficiently on both land and water.

The location in the Worcester Airport Industrial Research Park, which has been
vacant for almost a year, would serve as the company's national and
international headquarters.

"This is something that will help both the airport and the economy at large,"
Mr. McGourthy said. "There is a lot of interest in this company from entities
looking to buy their aircraft."

To date, according to city officials, Lake Aerospace has received letters of
interest from an international United Nations-affiliated agency for 50 to 100
military aircraft over three years, a U.S. police agency for two military
aircraft, and an aircraft distributor for 25 civilian aircraft over three years.
Lake Aerospace has also received expressions of interest from U.S. and foreign
government agencies for more than 200 military aircraft.

The 100 jobs estimated to be created in the first two years of operation would
come with hourly wages ranging from $11 to $25.50, city officials said. An
additional 30 jobs are expected to be created in the third year.

Lake Aerospace last year started the process of acquiring the assets of Revo
Inc., a Florida corporation that for 50 years produced Lake Amphibians. Run by
principals Larry Gould and Antonio Valdez, Lake Aerospace is incorporated in
Delaware and has not yet filed papers with the Massachusetts secretary of state.

Mr. Gould, the company's president, said the company has not yet ruled out
setting up shop elsewhere.

"Florida is still in the running if things fall through," said Mr. Gould, a
former Natick resident. "But we're very excited about the prospect of coming to
Massachusetts. We'd be proud to help revitalize the airport."

Lake Aerospace intends on finalizing all of its funding sources by the middle of
August. The company intends to invest $1 million of its own money to fund the
project, and is working to secure loans from different sources. Included in the
financing would be the $1 million loan guarantee Mr. McGourthy hopes the City
Council will support.

HUD loan guarantees allow cities to leverage their community development block
grants against the amount a private business or corporation borrows.
Essentially, the city would be vouching for Lake Aerospace and using its
borrowing power to help the company get credit.

"Really, our action is setting the stage for their purchase and development of
the overall company and project," Mr. McGourthy said.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 28, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

$ 3 Billion Development Bank Backed;
Administration Gains Support for NAFTA

Peter Behr, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE B13

LENGTH: 384 words


The Clinton administration yesterday agreed to earmark government-guaranteed
loans and grants to communities hurt by job losses linked to trade with Mexico,
thereby picking up support from a cluster of Hispanic leaders for the North
American Free Trade Agreement.

Rep. Esteban E. Torres (D-Calif.), a leader of the Congressional Hispanic
Caucus, said the administration's backing for a $ 3 billion North American
Development Bank could produce 10 or 12 additional votes for NAFTA, including
four more caucus members.

None of the bank's other proponents in Congress joined Torres at yesterday's
press conference with Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen, however. An
administration lobbyist said the bank proposal fills in another piece of the
picture that a number of House members are looking for before committing to
NAFTA.

The administration did win the support of the National Council of La Raza, the
Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund, and the Southwest Voter
Research Institute, whose representatives said they would begin a grass-roots
campaign on behalf of NAFTA immediately.

To secure their support, the administration modified its original plan to create
a loan fund to finance a cleanup of environmental problems and build new
highways, water facilities and other public works projects along the
U.S.-Mexican border.

It agreed to allocate 10 percent of the bank's loans to communities that suffer
because of Mexican imports or jobs losses to Mexico. That was a top priority for
Torres, founder of a community redevelopment program in Los Angeles's Hispanic
community.

The bank, governed by three directors each from the United States and Mexico, is
intended to have as much as $ 3 billion in capital, with each country
contributing $ 225 million in government funds. The rest would be private
capital backed with government guarantees.

In addition, Mexico has pledged to create a $ 2.2 billion loan fund, and the
World Bank has promised a $ 1.8 billion fund.

Raul Hinojosa-Ojeda, a UCLA professor and an architect of the plan, said the
governments would bear a larger part of the loan risk in a project's early
stages, but assuming that economic development accelerated along the border, the
loans would be covered by user fees and other locally raised revenue.


LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, REP ESTEBAN E. TORRES

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               December 13, 2013

                   The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited

              9th Floor Standard Bank Centre, Standard Bank Centre
                              Johannesburg,   2001
                                  South Africa

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


MIGA Backs Long-Term Commercial Financing for Kenya Power Plant

   Jul 02, 2013

   The Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA), the political risk
insurance arm of the World Bank Group, said today it is continuing to support
Kenya's energy sector by providing investment guarantees for the construction of
a 83-megawatt heavy fuel oil plant.The power plant, operated by Triumph Power
Generating Company Limited, is part of Kenya's Least Cost Power Development
Plan, which calls for an increase in the number of independent power producers
(IPPs) and a more diversified energy mix. Through its lending and guarantee
instruments, the World Bank Group is helping to mobilize the nearly $1 billion
in financing required to add 600 megawatts to the grid through IPPs. MIGA is
also providing coverage for Thika Power Limited and Olkaria III, Kenya's first
geothermal IPP. MIGA is providing $102.5 million in breach of contract cover to
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China and Standard Bank of South Africa for
their long-term commercial financing to Triumph. This represents the first time
MIGA has issued a contract of guarantee to a Chinese investor or lender. In
addition, MIGA is providing $11.1 million in coverage to CfC Stanbic Bank
Limited covering its swap arrangement with Triumph to hedge against long-term
interest rate risk. The project is further supported by a partial risk guarantee
from the World Bank's International Development Association that backstops a
letter of credit from JP Morgan Bank of London. We are pleased to support this
investment that will help Kenya address the severe power shortages it has been
facing, says MIGA Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Michel Wormser.
Additional generation provided by the project will contribute to economic growth
in the country. The heavy fuel oil plant is being developed on a build, own, and
operate basis approximately 25 kilometers from Nairobi. Triumph will enter into
a 20-year power purchase agreement with Kenya Power and Lighting Company.


Cinnergi Secures ZAR7 Billion For Clean Energy Projects In South Africa

   Jun 13, 2013

   Cinnergi secured financing of about ZAR7 billion to build clean energy
projects in South Africa, bdlive.co.za reported. The company, in the second
phase of the renewable energy independent power producers procurement program,
acquired rights to produce a third of the power allotted by the Department of
Energy, South Africa.The Amakhala Emoyeni wind farm in Bedford is likely to
produce about 134 MW, while the Tsitsikamma wind farm in the Eastern Cape, will
produce about 95 MW. These farms will have a cumulative output of about 229 MW
of power run by a single entity in the second phase of the program. The company
reached financial closure for the Amakhala Emoyeni project with Standard Bank,
the International Finance Corporation and Nedbank Capital, which funded about
R5.2 billion of the required investment. Exxaro and Tata will fund up to
ZAR1.2bn in return for equity. The company owns the majority stake in the
56-turbine Amakhala Emoyeni project while the Cookhouse and Bedford community
trusts share a 5% ownership in the project. The company, in Tsitsikamma, will
have about 75% ownership, while Watt Energy and the Tsitsikamma Development
Trust will have 25% ownership of the project. The wind farm will feature about
31 turbines and is likely to be operational in 2016.


Puma Energy Renews Three-year Revolving Credit Facility

   Jun 06, 2013

   Puma Energy renewed its committed, revolving credit facility. The US$449
million (MM) facility was significantly oversubscribed. Acting as lead arrangers
and book runners on the transaction were BNP Paribas, FirstRand Bank, Natixis,
Nedbank, Societe Generale and Standard Bank. Of note was the strong global
demand from a number of international banks.The three-year term loan tranche of
the facility was the most popular, demonstrating comfort in Puma Energy's long
term strategic objective. The facility will be for general corporate and working
capital purposes. Denis Chazarain, CFO of Puma Energy, said, "Puma Energy is
once again extremely pleased to see strong support from pre-existing
relationship banks as well as some new institutions who have dedicated the time
to understand and support our business model. Puma Energy's operations will
continue to grow across various segments and we look forward to further
identifying and aligning bank interests with these expanding opportunities."
Participating bank include Goldman Sachs, ING, National Australia Bank, Banco do
Brasil, BGFI International, GarantiBank, Zenith Bank, Hua Nan Commercial Bank,
Bramer Bank, ICICI Bank, Ecobank, CaixaBank, Federated Project and Trade Finance
Core Fund.


Scatec Solar To Build Another 115 MW Of Solar PV Projects In South Africa

   May 13, 2013

   Scatec Solar AS signed the final agreements with the Department of Energy,
South Africa to build two more PV projects totaling 115 MW under the second
round of the South African Renewable energy independent power producer program.
At the same time, the company can report sound progress on its 75 MW Kalkbult
project, awarded in the first round of the REIPP. The plant is geared for
completion in October 2013, almost two months ahead of plan.Raymond Carlsen, CEO
of Scatec Solar said, "We are looking forward to realize two more PV projects as
part of South Africa's renewable energy program. With the experience gained from
the Kalkbult project, our experienced team and partners will be even better
prepared to take on the challenges of these large undertakings. We have for more
than three years been actively developing project opportunities in South Africa,
and being able to realize our plans is of great satisfaction to us and will
benefit both the regions and the local communities in which we operate." As was
the case with the Kalkbult project, the two new projects have been developed by
Scatec Solar through its South African joint-venture company Scatec Solar SA.
The plants will be located at Linde in Northern Cape and Dreunberg in Eastern
Cape. The combined annual production will be in excess of 225 million kWh per
year, enough to cover the electricity demand of 53,000 South African households.
The power will be fed into the local grid and sold through a 20-year power
purchase agreement with the national utility company, Eskom. Harvesting solar
power through these two plants represents CO2 abatements of almost 190 000 tons
per year. The capital investment for the two projects is in the range of ?300m
and will be financed through Standard Bank. The consortium providing the equity
finance consists of Scatec Solar as the majority owner, Standard Bank, Old
Mutual Life Assurance Company, Norfund and Simacel. The local value creation of
the two projects will be substantial. The construction of the plant will provide
significant local job opportunities in addition to utilizing local content to
stimulate the nascent South African renewable industry. This is emphasized by
numbers provided through the Kalkbult project where Scatec Solar and
sub-contractors have recruited and trained more than 500 employees at different
levels ranging from technical skills to finance and project management. In peak
periods, more than 400 employees - the majority from the local community - are
working at the construction site. About 16% of the employees are women who
participate in all activities from management and administration to construction
activities.


Suzlon Energy Wins Contract For 138 MW Cookhouse Wind Farm In South Africa

   Jan 31, 2013

   Suzlon Energy Limited announced the receipt of notice to proceed to commence
construction of the Cookhouse wind energy facility located in the Eastern Cape
province of South Africa. Suzlon will supply 66 S.88 2.1 MW turbines to the
project. The Cookhouse wind farm has been selected during round one of the
Department of Energy's Renewable Energy Independent Power Producers Procurement
Programme. Financial Closure was achieved in late December 2012 with
construction commencing in January 2013.The Cookhouse wind farm was developed in
partnership with African Clean Energy Developments, owned jointly by African
Infrastructure Investment Managers (a company held by Old Mutual Investment
Group - South Africa - and Macquarie Capital) and AFPOC Limited. Working closely
with its appointed mandated lead arrangers, The Standard Bank of South Africa
Limited and Nedbank Limited, African Clean Energy Developments closed a
financing package which notably includes a significant portion of Broad Based
Black Economic Empowerment ownership. Debt Finance will be provided by The
Standard Bank of South Africa Limited, Nedbank Limited and Futuregrowth Asset
Management Proprietary Limited whilst equity will be provided by AFPOC Limited,
African Infrastructure Investment Fund 2 Partnership, African Infrastructure
Investment Fund 2 (Mauritius), Apollo Investment Partnership II, Old Mutual Life
Assurance Company (South Africa) Limited and the Cookhouse Wind Farm Community
Trust. The Cookhouse Wind Farm Community Trust holds 25% equity in the project,
foreseeing significant yield from the project, in addition to socio-economic
development in the local communities. Local communities of Cookhouse, Bedford
and Somerset East will be beneficiaries of the trust.Thomas Donnelly, managing
director of African Clean Energy Developments, said, "Commencement of
construction of the Cookhouse Wind Farm, along with all other projects selected
in Round 1 of the Department of Energy's Renewable Energy Independent Power
Producers Procurement Programme, marks a major milestone for independent power
producers in South Africa. The successful implementation of such projects will
not only result in a cleaner energy base for South Africa, but will help to
empower rural communities through job creation and community ownership of
projects." Tulsi Tanti, founder and chairman of Suzlon Energy, said, "The
financial closure of the Cookhouse project marks the commencement of our
aspirations for South Africa. This project will not only deliver clean energy
but also create many decent and sustainable 'green' jobs. The leadership of the
country has laid down the foundation for the development of a green future and
we are proud to be leading the way."


Platinum Group Metals Receives Credit Loan Facility Approval For WBJV Project 1
Platinum Mine In South Africa

   Dec 06, 2012

   Platinum Group Metals Ltd. reported that a syndicate of lead arrangers has
now obtained credit committee approval for a $260m senior loan facility for the
construction of the WBJV project 1 platinum mine. The credit approval is not
subject to further syndication prior to closing. Closing and draw down of the
loan facility will now be subject to the negotiation and execution of final
documentation and satisfaction of conditions precedent.The syndicate of lead
arrangers consists of Barclays Bank plc, together with its affiliate Absa
Capital, Caterpillar Financial SARL, Societe Generale and The Standard Bank of
South Africa Limited. This syndicate of banks (collectively, the 'Lending
Group') has a global presence, direct platinum industry experience and includes
two of South Africa's major banks. While working with the lending group to
finalize the loan facility, the company has been executing a $100m Phase 1
development program to complete surface and infrastructure requirements and
begin construction on twin declines into the ore body. A mining right for the
WBJV project 1 was granted in April 2012 and underground development and
construction has been in progress since 2011. Phase 1 is now approximately 80%
complete. The key terms of the credit approved loan are: A $260m senior loan
with a term of eight years. Interest rates payable on the balance of the loan
withdrawn at a rate of LIBOR plus 5% pre- completion, LIBOR plus 4.75% for two
years post-completion and LIBOR plus 5.25% from two years post-completion until
maturity. An ability to pay the loan down early in tranches. An agreed hedging
strategy focused on byproduct metals palladium, gold and base metals. Michael
Jones, president and CEO of Platinum Group Metals, said, "The receipt of credit
approval for a US$ 260 million loan is a clear indication of the quality of the
WBJV Project 1 asset. The international bank approval is an important indicator
for Platinum Group Metals Ltd. and South Africa that the platinum industry is
open for business. The shallow, good grade deposit at Project 1 is targeted for
first production in 2014 and indications are quite positive for the platinum
market at that time." Frank Hallam, CFO of Platinum Group Metals, said, "After
more than a year of work to obtain this credit approval, we are all very excited
to move forward. It's very satisfying to see this project become a reality."
Conditions precedent to draw down required by the lending group will include the
company and 26% project holder Wesizwe Platinum Limited (Wesizwe) providing a
tranche of equity capital, a cost overrun facility and a working capital
provision. Platinum Group Metals owns 74% of the WBJV project 1. Wesizwe is 45%
owned by Jinchuan Group of China and the China Africa Development Fund. The
company is also currently drilling with 10 rigs at the Waterberg discovery on
the North Limb of the Bushveld complex.


Moncada Energy Subsidiary Wins Contract To Construct Solar PV Plant In South
Africa

   Nov 07, 2012

   Solar Capital De Aar, a subsidiary of Moncada Energy Group S.r.l, won a
contract to construct a 94.5 MW solar photovoltaic (PV) plant in South Africa.
The company will provide ?182m engineering, procurement and construction
services for the De Aar 1 facility. The project is one of the 28 renewable
energy projects announced late 2011 by the South Africa Department of Energy
(DOE).The project will use Moncada amorphous silicon thin-film PV modules and
the plant is expected to be operational by July 2013. The total cost of the
project is estimated to be around ?240m, of which 25% will be financed by the
company and rest of the 75% by Standard Bank of South Africa Ltd. Salvatore
Moncada, Moncada Energy CEO, said, "At a time of severe economic crisis, this
major success, combined with another contract will ensure the Group and in
particular our subsidiaries at least three years of business."


MIGA Insures Ghana Seawater Desalination Plant

   Nov 07, 2012

   The Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA) announced that it is
supporting an investment that will supply 60,000cu m of potable water per day to
residents and businesses in the Teshieâ[#x20ac]"Nungua area of Accra. The plant
will be built on a 25-year build-own-operate-transfer basis and is expected to
benefit approximately 500,000 people in one of the city's poorest areas.MIGA's
investment guarantees of $179.2m are covering an equity investment and
shareholder loan by Abengoa Groupan equity investment and shareholder loan by
Daye Water Investment (Ghana), BV of the Netherlandsand a non-shareholder loan
and interest-rate swap by Standard Bank of South Africa, Ltd. The coverage is
against the risks of transfer restriction, expropriation, breach of contract,
and war and civil disturbance. Izumi Kobayashi, MIGA's executive vice president,
said, "Increased water supply is urgently needed in the project area and many
residents lack access to safe drinking water. We're very pleased to be
supporting this investment that will supply water to Accra's residents and
provide technical know-how in seawater treatment to build capacity in the
country."


Coastal Energy Announces Results From Songkhla A-13 Well In Thailand

   Oct 16, 2012

   Coastal Energy Company (Coastal Energy) announced the results of the Songkhla
A-13 well and an operations update. The Songkhla A-13 well was drilled to a
depth of 8,000ft TVD into an untested fault block in the northeast area of the
Songkhla field. The well encountered 67ft of Lower Oligocene net pay with 18%
porosity. The company is currently evaluating an updip location for a
confirmation well. In the meantime a water injection well in the A-10 fault
block will be drilled.Production Facilities Bua Ban North The conversion of the
recently acquired Richmond mobile offshore production unit (MOPU) has been
completed and it is now capable of handling 55,000bpd. Due to the increased
fluid handling capacity, the company replaced the Bua Ban North B MOPU with the
Richmond. The replacement is complete and production is in the process of coming
back online at Bua Ban North B. Bua Ban South The company also completed its
acquisition of the Bua Ban North B MOPU and re-installed it at Bua Ban South.
The Bua Ban South A-05 is presently being completed with the hydraulic workover
unit (HWU). The HWU will then commence the hydraulic fracturing program for the
Lower Oligocene and Eocene formations in the A-01 and A-03 wells is scheduled to
begin in late October 2012. 3D Seismic Acquisition The acquisition of 3D seismic
over the entire Songkhla basin is 60% complete. The company expects delivery of
the processed data in the first quarter of 2013. Credit Facility The company
upsized and amended its senior secured revolving credit facility with BNP
Paribas and Commonwealth Bank of Australia. The facility has been increased to
$200m and includes two additional banks, the Standard Bank and Standard
Chartered Bank. Randy Bartley, president and CEO of Coastal Energy, said, "We
are very pleased to have encountered yet another hydrocarbon bearing fault block
within the Songkhla field. We plan to drill a well higher up structure to add
additional pay thickness. We are in the process of integrating the data gathered
in the well with our seismic to identify the best potential updip location. "The
completion of the Richmond project was a key hurdle to increasing capacity at
Bua Ban North and being able to implement the full field development plan. We
expect to begin drilling additional development wells at Bua Ban North in early
2013. We are also now in position to bring production online at Bua Ban South
and proceed with the frac program. We plan on performing a 3-stage frac on the
Lower Oligocene in the A-01 well and a six-stage frac on the Lower Oligocene and
Eocene in the A-03 well. We expect to have results from these two programs by
late November or early December."


Scatec Solar And Norfund To Build Solar Projects In South Africa

   Sep 04, 2012

   Scatec Solar signed an agreement with Norfund (The Norwegian Investment Fund
for Developing Countries) where the fund will invest up to NOK190m in Scatec
SolarÂ´s solar PV projects in South Africa, expanding the parties previous
agreement where NOK80m were to be invested in Scatec Solar's first project in
South Africa.Scatec Solar has so far been awarded three projects totaling 190 MW
of PV through the South African energy program aiming to increase the
utilization of the country's major renewable energy resources (Renewable Energy
Independent Power Producer Procurement Program). The solar plants will be owned,
built and operated by a subsidiary of Scatec Solar in collaboration with local
partners, including Old Mutual (South Africa) Ltd and The Standard Bank of South
Africa Limited. The South African electricity company, Eskom, will buy the power
through a 20 year power purchase agreement. Alf Bjorseth, chairman of Scatec
Solar, said, We are very pleased to have Norfund as a co-investor in our first
project in South Africa, Solar energy has very low operating costs compared with
most other sources of energy, but requires in turn large investments up front.
Therefore, access to capital at reasonable terms is essential to develop and
implement profitable solar projects. Norfund plays an important role both
through its direct investment, but also by opening the door for other partners
and funding sources. Norfund has previously committed to investing NOK80m in
equity in the 75 MW solar plant Scatec Solar was awarded in the first round of
the Renewable Energy program. In the second round, Scatec Solar was named
preferred provide for another two solar PV projects, 75 MW and 40 MW. Scatec
Solar also has the intention to present bids for up to four new projects with a
total capacity of 148 MW in the third round of the tenders. Norfund intends to
provide up to 21% of the equity in each of these projects, totaling investments
of up to another NOK190m. Kjell Roland, CEO of Norfund, said, "It is gratifying
that a Norwegian company like Scatec Solar now experiences a breakthrough in
renewable energy in South Africa. Solar power as part of the essential
infrastructure will be very important for the development of the region, and it
shows that it is possible to combine environmental goals with economic growth
and poverty reduction."


Scatec Solar Announces Its Selection As Preferred Bidder For 75 MW PV Plant In
South Africa

   Dec 08, 2011

   Scatec Solar has been selected as a preferred bidder for a 75 MW project
during the first round of the South African Renewable Energy Independent Power
Producer Program. The construction of the PV plant will commence by July 2012
and the plant will be in commercial operation by August 2013.Raymond Carlsen,
CEO of Scatec Solar, said, "We are very pleased to have been awarded the
opportunity to realize this 75 MW PV plant in South Africa. Our experienced team
has for the past two years been actively developing project opportunities in
this promising market, and we will build on our extensive knowledge base from
successfully completed projects all over the world when we now devote ourselves
to pioneer South Africa's renewable energy industry by constructing the first of
a series of utility scale solar parks in the country." The substantial PV
project has been developed by Scatec Solar through its South African
joint-venture company Scatec Solar SA. The plant will be located in Kalkbult in
the sun drenched Northern Cape region. Covering an area of 105 hectares,
comparable to about 140 football fields, the plant will produce in excess of 145
million kWh annually, enough to cover the electricity demand of 35,000 South
African households. The power will be fed into the local grid network and sold
through a 20-year power purchase agreement with Eskom Holdings Limited.
Harvesting solar power through this plant represents CO2 abatements of about
125,000 tons per year. The capital investment for the project is in the range of
?200m and will be financed through Standard Bank. The consortium providing the
equity finance consists of Scatec Solar as the majority owner, Standard Bank,
Old Mutual Life Assurance Company and Simacel. Jed Borrill, managing director of
Scatec Solar, said that the local value creation of the 75 MW project will be
substantial. The construction of the plant will provide significant local job
opportunities and there is also a commitment in terms of utilizing local content
to stimulate the nascent South African renewable industry. - Scatec Solar and
its contractors will provide the requisite training, certifications and
follow-up to a predominantly unskilled work force to assure that needed skills
are developed locally.


Gamesa To Receive EPC Contract For Wind Power Project At Letseng-La-Terai In
Lesotho

   Nov 10, 2011

   Gamesa Corporacion Tecnologica, S.A. (Gamesa) is about to receive an
engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contract for a 25â[#x20ac]"35 MW
wind power project to be constructed in Letseng-La-Terai in Lesotho, Windpower
Monthly reported. The power project is being developed by NETGroup Solutions in
association with Powerdev Group. NETGroup Solutions and Powerdev Group inked a
joint agreement with the Lesotho government in December 2010 for the
project.Marius du Preez, general manager of NETGroup Solutions, said that the
NETGroup Solutions and Powerdev Group secured a preliminary agreement with
Gamesa for the project. One key element was the need for turbines certified for
use at altitudes of 3,200m. Both the companies are set to apply for the
environmental approval. The companies hope to sign a power purchase agreement
with the Lesotho Electricity Company in the near future. The companies are in
discussions with many financial institutions for the construction costs,
including the Standard Bank and Nederlandse Financierings-Maatschappij voor
Ontwikkelingslanden N.V. If the companies receive funding by early 2012, the
project construction could start in March 2012.


Standard Bank of South Africa Deploys Logica Payment Processing Solution

   Apr 19, 2010

   Standard Bank of South Africa (SBSA) has deployed Logica All Payments
Solution (LAPS) from Logica, a business and technology services firm, to manage
its central payments processing and risk management system for large value
SWIFT-based payments.Standard Bank of South Africa will benefit from a single
point to manage its high value SWIFT-based payments. The LAPS has been deployed
at the bank's headquarters in Johannesburg, and it has enabled the bank to start
consolidating operations, reduce payments risk, and meet increased regulatory
requirements. LAPS, a multi-entity and multi-currency solution, allows SBSA to
react swiftly to market conditions. It provides a central point for managing
high value payments risk by monitoring compliance to SWIFT message formats,
including ISO 20022. The LAPS business activity monitor tool has streamlined
processes into a single dashboard, while its central, intuitive workflow has
enabled it to easily interface with other internal and external systems. Richard
Davies, director of global payments at Logica, said: We look forward to
continuing our work together and helping SBSA gain further competitive advantage
from this centralised approach. Martin Lima, who project managed the LAPS
implementation, said: SBSA and Logica worked together as one joined-up team to
deploy LAPS and, as a result, the project was delivered on time and on budget.
We're pleased that SBSA is already realising the benefits of our flexible
payments services hub, with more expected to come to fruition over the coming
months and years.


Standard Bank Gets License To Operate In Angola

   Nov 30, 2009

   Expects to start the operations by the middle of 2010Standard Bank, a South
Africa-based bank, has been granted a banking licence by the Angolan council of
ministers. The license enables the bank to start operating as a full-service
bank in Angola, with an emphasis on corporate and investment banking by the
middle of 2010. Standard Bank has been waiting for a banking licence since May
2008.Clive Tasker, chief executive of Standard Bank Africa, said: Angola is an
extremely important market for Standard Bank. It offers a great many exciting
opportunities in a number of crucial industries, including oil and gas, mining,
agriculture and general commerce.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
History                                 Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                           February 4, 1999, Thursday

GRAND HOTEL IN LAKE WALES MAY BE RENOVATED

BYLINE: BILL BAIR The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 462 words


LAKE WALES -- The 11-story Grand Hotel in downtown Lake Wales could be in for $
8 million worth of renovations, but it will take assistance from the city.

Creative Choice Homes, the Palm Beach Gardens company planning a 120-unit
apartment complex on Burns Avenue, has an option to buy the hotel, which has
been a sore thumb in the downtown area for years.

If officials of Creative Choice Homes exercise that option in June, the
structure will be turned into a 64-unit assisted living facility for the
elderly, with 10,000 square feet of commercial and office space on the first two
floors.

As an inducement to the developers, City Manager David Greene has proposed
returning the first $ 2 million in property taxes generated by renovation to
help pay for improvements.

The 1926 hotel is in the downtown Community Redevelopment Area and CRA funds
would be used over a 30-year period to help finance improvements.

The hotel proposal is part of a plan to expand the CRA to include most of the
city, including all the older areas of Lake Wales. The plan drew fire from
residents of the Northwest Area this week.

"He (the developer) ought to use his own money to do it," former City
Commissioner James Austin said. "The CRA was set up to help improve the poor
areas. That's not what's happening."

Austin noted that the city had refused to sign a loan guarantee to allow the
Northwest Community and Business Council to construct houses in the area.

Leroy Smith of the Lake Wales Chapter of the NAACP said he "does not think the
money generated by the CRA has been spent fairly."

Smith said the CRA concept was originally set up to handle problems in poor
areas.

Under the CRA concept, a base tax assessment is established when a CRA is set
up. In future years, any additional taxes, both city and county, generated in
the area are returned to the area.

Green said the Northwest Area CRA generated $ 3,800 last year, while older CRAs
in the downtown area generated most of the city's $ 51,000 in CRA revenues.

Greene defended city spending in the Northwest Area, saying it went far beyond
the $ 3,800 generated by the area's CRA. That includes the $ 250,000
streetscaping of Lincoln Avenue, construction of a new park and a variety of
other improvements.

Greene said there is a big difference between the loan guarantee requested by
the Northwest Business Council and the hotel arrangement.

Under the loan guarantee, Greene said the city would have been stuck with the
bill if the council had defaulted. In the case of the hotel, he said the $ 2
million stems from taxes resulting in improvements to the structure.

He said the improvements are expected to result in $ 75,000 to $ 120,000 a year
in increased tax revenue for the city.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 1999 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2007 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 27, 2007

                              SYNERGY COMMUNITIES

                                20 GARNET HOUSE
                                  GARNET ROAD
                                     LONDON

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04863536

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: August 12, 2003

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Dominik Schnell, Self Employed Promoter


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    BARCLAY ALAN JAMESLANE


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
80420 - Adult and other education not elsewhere classified
92310 - Artistic and literary creation and interpretation
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2004
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2004
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 1, 2005
ANNUAL RETURN:  August 12, 2005
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/200         -         -
                                                   4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  0         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         -         -
Stocks                                             0         -         -
Debtors                                            0         -         -
Cash                                           1,000         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         -         -
Other Current Assets                           1,000         -         -
Total Current Assets                           1,000         -         -
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            0         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                   1,000         -         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/200         -         -
                                                   4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     0         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          0         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          0         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  0         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  1,000         -         -
Revaluation Reserve                                0         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              1,000         -         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     1,000         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/200  -  -
                           4
                         GBP GB GB
                              P  P
Total Sales           55,000  -  -
Cost of Sales              -  -  -
Gross Profit               -  -  -
Operating Profit           -  -  -
Export                     -  -  -
Nontrading Income          -  -  -
Interest Payable           -  -  -
Pretax Profit          1,000  -  -
Taxation                   -  -  -
Profit After Tax           -  -  -
Dividends Payable          -  -  -
Retained Profits           -  -  -
Value Added                -  -  -
Capital Employed       1,000  -  -
Net Worth              1,000  -  -
Working Capital        1,000  -  -
Emp. Renumeration          -  -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -  -  -
Audit Fees                 -  -  -
Non-audit Fees             -  -  -
Depreciation               -  -  -
Number of                  -  -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 5,024 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2004)
SIC Code:
80420 Adult and other education not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0.00    23.60    87.88
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -1.44     9.39    45.49
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -1.05     5.64    22.98
Sales / Total Assets (%)                             102.78   201.18   357.21
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       45.81     9.79     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.71     1.17     2.38
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,000.0 17,146.8 24,354.6
                                                          0        4        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  24,625.0 42,500.0 72,596.7
                                                          0        0        7
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  56.63    40.89    25.85



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                       -
=
Year -2                                       -
=
Year -3                                       -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    1/08/200 --
                                                           4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   94.55 --
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             94.55 --
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 94.55 --
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               1.82 --
Sales / Total Assets (%)                            5,200.00 --
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   - --
Export / Sales (%)                                         - --
Working Capital / Sales (%)                             1.92 --
Sales / Stocks                                             - --
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x        0.00 --
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                       - --
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                         - --
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 - --
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                       1.00 --
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             - --
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         - --
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               - --
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          - --
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          - --
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  - --
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          - --
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     - --
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   - --
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            - --
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    - --
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    - --
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        - --
Sales / Audit Fees                                         - --
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  - --
Creditors / Debtors                                        - --
Total Debt / Working Capital                               - --
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  - --

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,000

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              March 2, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

King denies destabilising Rangers

BYLINE: Mark Walker; John Fallon

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 668 words


DAVE KING has cranked up the pressure on the Rangers board even further by
dissecting their response to his explosive intervention last week, where he
urged supporters to withold seasonticket money and accused the board of
insulting the fans.

The South African-based former director and investor dramatically catapulted
himself back into the battle for Rangers' future last week with a calculated
call-to-arms to supporters increasingly irritated by the current board. The
catalyst was a £1.5m loan to help with the club's running costs, secured against
two of Rangers' properties, with King's plan for fans to ring-fence
season-ticket cash until conditions were met.

After supporters groups backed King, chief executive Graham Wallace hit back
with his own statement pleading to be allowed to complete his 120-day review of
the turmoil at the club and insisting King was destabilising the club.

King responded last night: "It is inspiring to see how the Rangers community
continues to unite and put the club first in times of need. This will guarantee
a positive outcome at this watershed moment in our club's history. I will now
make it a priority to travel to Scotland to meet with fan representatives to
ensure that appropriate legal structures are discussed and implemented for both
season-ticket payments and the creation of a substantial fund to secure an
influential equity stake in the club for fans. Unfortunately, I can only express
bemusement at the board's response to myself and the fans."

"  King picked holes in Wallace's response and said claims he was undermining
the club were "an insult to fans who have nothing other than the club's interest
at heart." He went on to suggest that it was "quite possible that Charles Green
is still de facto controlling the club" after Wallace had blamed the previous
regime. He also stated: "The board correctly argues that season-ticket monies
are normally part of sound working capital management. Again, it is what is not
said that is key. These are not normal times. Normally, there would be
sufficient facilities in place to support the club once the season-ticket money
is used up. Despite multiple requests, the board is either unwilling or unable
to provide such confirmation. This is particularly important given that this
board falsely assured fans that there were sufficient funds to meet the club''s
commitments to the end of the season."

On the loan from shareholders Laxey Partners and Sandy Easdale, secured against
the Albion car park and Edminston House facilities near Ibrox, King said:"It is
insightful of the board's mindset that it is willing to borrow money from a
preferred shareholder at a rate of interest that reflects a high risk to the
investor. In doing so the board has finally confirmed its true view on the
parlous state of the club's finances. What is incomprehensible however is that
it then eliminated the risk to this investor by providing club assets as
security while still paying the high-risk rate."

Dundee United captain Gavin Gunning has revealed the renewed concerns
surrounding finances at Rangers could dissuade him from moving to Ibrox in the
summer. Out of contract in May, the in-demand Tangerines captain has been free
to negotiate with other clubs since January 1, but Rangers had appeared to be
his likely destination. Gunning has received a hostile reception at Ibrox during
his four years in Scotland, especially after scoring there in 2012, but has no
qualms about becoming only the second Irish-born Catholic to join the Glasgow
giants. Last week's news, however, that the club required a £1.5m loan to
guarantee their viability until the end of the season, alarmed the Dubliner.

"I've a young family now and can't afford to be putting them at risk," he said.
"It just wouldn't be fair to sign and then, down the road, be asked to take pay
cuts. I need stability. I'm not completely ruling out Rangers but neither am I
confirming that I'll definitely be leaving Dundee United. I've some big
decisions to make."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gunning: cooling on Rangers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STSscot


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                        ART PRODUCING ECONOMIC COMMUNITY

                             2 SAINT MICHAELS PLACE
                                    BRIGHTON
                                  EAST SUSSEX
                               BIRMINGHAM B4 6RP


TRADE ADDRESS: Ruskin Chambers 191 Corporation Street, BIRMINGHAM B4 6RP

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04939345

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 21, 2003
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Patrick Donohoe, Project Manager
     ·    Miss Lindsey Smith, Artist& Arts Educator
     ·    Mr Simon Christopher Roberts, Photographer
     ·    Christopher Richard Stevens, Artist


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: October 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 22, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 21, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          20,450    15,727    11,937
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  10,013    10,119    10,094
Other Current Assets                          30,463    25,846    22,031
Total Current Assets                          30,463    25,846    22,031
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  30,463    25,846    22,031



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              4,970     4,733     4,623
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      4,970     4,733     4,623
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      4,970     4,733     4,623
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              4,970     4,733     4,623
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 25,493    21,113    17,408
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             25,493    21,113    17,408
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    25,493    21,113    17,408


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales           24,301    24,330    23,584
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit          24,301    24,330    23,584
Operating Profit       4,380     3,705     2,414
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          4,380     3,705     2,414
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax       4,380     3,705     2,414
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits       4,380     3,705     2,414
Value Added            4,380     3,705     2,414
Capital Employed      25,493    21,113    17,408
Net Worth             25,493    21,113    17,408
Working Capital       25,493    21,113    17,408
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               -0.12   3.04   5.65
Pretax              18.22  81.44   6.62
Total Assets        17.86  38.27     59
Current Assets      17.86  38.27     59
Current              5.01   7.51  19.33
Liabilities
Capital Employed    20.75  46.44  70.02
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        7
Year -1  8
=        7
Year -2  9
=        9
Year -3  9
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/10/201 31/10/201 31/10/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)               17.18     17.55     13.87
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         14.38     14.33     10.96
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)             17.18     17.55     13.87
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          18.02     15.23     10.24
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           79.77     94.13    107.05
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       104.91     86.78     73.81
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                6.13      5.46      4.77
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  6.13      5.46      4.77
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.84      0.82      0.79
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                      100       100       100
Value Added / Sales (%)                            18.02     15.23     10.24
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 25,493

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: B.A. Kirk & Co

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2017


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday

Worcester woos airplane company // Lake Aerospace could add 130 jobs

BYLINE: Danielle M. Horn

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 566 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


WORCESTER - City officials are working to attract an amphibious plane company to
the airport, expecting that it would create 130 jobs over three years.

The City Council tonight will receive City Manager Michael V. O'Brien's
recommendation to approve a $1 million U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development Section 108 Loan Guarantee, which would help the Delaware-based Lake
Aerospace LLC fund a proposed $7.3 million project at 10 Coppage Drive. The
council is expected to refer the proposal to its Standing Committee on Economic
Development.

Timothy J. McGourthy, director of economic development, said the loan guarantee
is only one portion of the financing Lake Aerospace is seeking as it looks to
open a facility for the production, sales, and service of Lake Amphibians, the
only Federal Aviation Administration-certified single-engine amphibious aircraft
in the world. The planes, which come in civilian and military models, are
designed to operate smoothly and efficiently on both land and water.

The location in the Worcester Airport Industrial Research Park, which has been
vacant for almost a year, would serve as the company's national and
international headquarters.

"This is something that will help both the airport and the economy at large,"
Mr. McGourthy said. "There is a lot of interest in this company from entities
looking to buy their aircraft."

To date, according to city officials, Lake Aerospace has received letters of
interest from an international United Nations-affiliated agency for 50 to 100
military aircraft over three years, a U.S. police agency for two military
aircraft, and an aircraft distributor for 25 civilian aircraft over three years.
Lake Aerospace has also received expressions of interest from U.S. and foreign
government agencies for more than 200 military aircraft.

The 100 jobs estimated to be created in the first two years of operation would
come with hourly wages ranging from $11 to $25.50, city officials said. An
additional 30 jobs are expected to be created in the third year.

Lake Aerospace last year started the process of acquiring the assets of Revo
Inc., a Florida corporation that for 50 years produced Lake Amphibians. Run by
principals Larry Gould and Antonio Valdez, Lake Aerospace is incorporated in
Delaware and has not yet filed papers with the Massachusetts secretary of state.

Mr. Gould, the company's president, said the company has not yet ruled out
setting up shop elsewhere.

"Florida is still in the running if things fall through," said Mr. Gould, a
former Natick resident. "But we're very excited about the prospect of coming to
Massachusetts. We'd be proud to help revitalize the airport."

Lake Aerospace intends on finalizing all of its funding sources by the middle of
August. The company intends to invest $1 million of its own money to fund the
project, and is working to secure loans from different sources. Included in the
financing would be the $1 million loan guarantee Mr. McGourthy hopes the City
Council will support.

HUD loan guarantees allow cities to leverage their community development block
grants against the amount a private business or corporation borrows.
Essentially, the city would be vouching for Lake Aerospace and using its
borrowing power to help the company get credit.

"Really, our action is setting the stage for their purchase and development of
the overall company and project," Mr. McGourthy said.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - City officials are working to attract an amphibious plane
company to the airport, expecting that it would create 130 jobs over three
years.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 22, 2015 Friday

Butler supervisors vote to back sewer authority refinancing

BYLINE: John E. Usalis, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 714 words


May 22--FOUNTAIN SPRINGS -- The Butler Township supervisors approved an
ordinance to have the township back the refinancing of a Butler Township Sewer
Authority loan with a lower interest rate.

The conditional approval at Tuesday's meeting was made after attorney Peter T.
Edelman of the law firm of Stevens & Lee, Reading, who is working with the
authority on the refinancing action, presented specifics.

"I've received some phone calls over the past week regarding requests by the
authority for the township to act as the guarantor on refinancing a loan for
their sewer facility to save some money," township solicitor Christopher
Riedlinger said.

Edelman said the sewer authority board met Monday and heard a presentation by
Scott Kramer, financial adviser with RBC Capital Markets, explaining
opportunities to refinance indebtedness.

"The debt goes back to 2005, but because of today's low interest rates, the
authority has the opportunity to refinance that debt, lower the interest rate
and save over $200,000," Edelman said. "The original debt was guaranteed by the
township, so as part of this refinancing, we're requesting the township on
behalf of the authority to consider enacting an ordinance that will authorize a
guarantee agreement to support this debt like it did for the original 2005
debt."

The original loan in 2005 was about $6.5 million, with the current principal at
about $5 million after 10 years. Edelman said the current loan rate is 6.5
percent, and the refinancing will bring that down to 3 to 3.5 percent over the
remaining 15 years.

Riedlinger said that although this is refinancing an existing loan, the state
Department of Community and Economic Development treats it as a new loan,
requiring the township to repeat the same steps as had been done in 2005.

"So, you're looking for the township to guarantee the new loan, but they've
already guaranteed the old loan, so it's nothing new," Reidlinger said.

"Correct, and it's a benefit to the township as well because it reduces the
township's ultimate obligation by that amount," Edelman explained.

"And I assume it is also a benefit to the ratepayers in Butler Township, because
with lower interest rates, there may not be a need for higher user fees at some
point in the future," Riedlinger said, to which Edelman agreed.

Supervisors Chairman David Kessler asked if the authority has paperwork in place
to move forward. Edelman said the ordinance has been advertised as required by
the provisions in the Local Government Unit Debt Act.

"The ordinance is pretty straightforward and follows the requirements of
Pennsylvania state law where it comes to guarantee agreements," Edelman said.
"We can move forward tonight and enact the ordinance, and then we would file
everything with the state as required by DCED."

"One of the things I would be most concerned about on behalf of the township is
that the appropriate steps are taken to get DCED to consider this
'self-liquidating debt,' so it's excluded from the township's borrowing base,"
Riedlinger said.

Riedlinger explained that the township has a limit on how much it can borrow. He
said the township has two existing loans on purchase of capital equipment, and
in those cases the township has not exceeded its debt limit.

"But this loan, if it wasn't excluded from your debt limit, would exceed your
debt limit and you wouldn't be able to borrow any money for something you might
need," Riedlinger said. "The current guarantee that you made is excluded from
your borrowing base."

Edelman replied that a new self-liquidating report would need to be filed with
DCED, and that it is in the process of being completed by Entech Engineering,
the authority's consulting engineer.

Kessler asked about the costs involved, with Edelman explaining that expenses
will be paid through the sewer authority, including the time and expense that
Riedlinger would have in reviewing documents and other work.

In other business, the supervisors approved a request from Friendship Fire
Company, Englewood, to close Pine and Spring streets near the fire company for
the annual block party, which will be held until Monday.

___ (c)2015 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150522-RN-Butler-supervisors-vote-to-back-sewer-authority-refinancing-0522-201
50522

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2015 Republican & Herald


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                          September 24, 2011 Saturday

SBP committed to making banking services easy to access

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Sept. 24 -- The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) is committed to using all
the possible means to make the banking services accessible to all segments of
the society.

Managing Director, SBP Banking Services Corporation, Qasim Nawaz at the two-day
banking exhibition at Gujranwala on Friday highlighted various initiatives taken
or being taken by the SBP to facilitate the underserved sectors of the economy
in the field of agriculture, SME and microfinance.

The ongoing review of policy and regulatory environment is to promote SME,
agriculture and micro finance as a viable and mainstream business activity for
banking industry.

SBP is also undertaking review of the existing Prudential Regulations for SME
Financing, to develop and separate PRs for "Small Enterprises" & "Medium
Enterprises. When implemented, this exercise would facilitate small enterprises'
access to bank credit and consequently raise their share in banks' loans).

Introduction of Credit Guarantee Scheme for Small & Rural Enterprises (CGS) to
share credit risk with banks (upto 40%) with the objective of increasing banks'
lending in neglected sectors/areas. Around 2,000 accounts have been issued
guarantee under CGS. An amount of Rs 925 million has been disbursed to small and
rural enterprises under CGS and SBP shares risk worth Rs 392.5 million with
commercial banks for their lending to this sector.

Introduction of Microfinance Credit Guarantee Facility for resolving liquidity
problems for microfinance banks/microfinance institutions. Ten MFBs/MFIs have
been provided funding facilities worth Rs 2.8 billion under the scheme by banks.

SBP BSC has provided guarantee cover of Rs 805 million for the lending by
commercial banks to MFB/MFIs.

Whereas introduction of refinance scheme for modernisation of SMEs, introduction
of refinance scheme for agriculture produce storage construction, crash training
programme for the SME and agriculture credit officers of banks. Special capacity
building programmes for MFBs/MFIs and Islamic banks are also in the pipeline,
launch of eCIB for MFIs to assess the credit worthiness and to avoid
over-indebtedness of small borrowers, establishment of SME, agri and
microfinance focus groups at BSC field offices across the country to strengthen
the consultative mechanism in policy formulation and implementation, initiation
of surveys and studies of different regions (furniture industry and rice husking
industry surveys of Gujranwala region are planned this year), development of
linkages with all the key stakeholders both at country level as well as the
district/region level to adopt a collaborative strategy to help/facilitate the
entrepreneurs and rural communities in accessing financial services from banks,
organising SME, micro, agri and Islamic seminars, workshops, exhibitions and
fairs in cities and rural areas in collaboration with banks, SMEDA, and
provincial agricultural, livestock departments to create awareness amongst the
stakeholders at grassroots level about financial services.

These studies will enable banks and SBP to make their policies, initiatives and
products more responsive to the market needs.

Qasim Nawaz expressed hope that the banking exhibition at Gujranwala would go a
long way in improving access to finance for the lower segment of the borrowers
of the region. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Business Formation and Retention Revolving Loan Program

LENGTH: 394  words


Project Start : 6/1/2012
Project End : 12/31/2015
Project Number : OP121
Status : Active
Phase : Execution
Project Cost : $100,000
Department : Police, Public Works
Location : United States
Project Description
On a number of occasions the Redevelopment Authority has discussed the potential
benefits of creating a revolving loan program to assist with business formation
and retention in State College.

Revolving loan programs are frequently found in the tool box used by
redevelopment authorities that operate business assistance programs. Communities
of all sizes (e.g., Pittsburgh, Hermitage and Lock Haven) across the state
operate revolving loan funds for business development activities ranging from
brownfield reclamation to sustainable agricultural projects to advanced
technology programs to manufacturing facilities to service and retail business
development. From the revolving loan programs staff reviewed, it appeared that
those tied to manufacturing businesses were the most common. The CDICC and
SEDA-COG both operate revolving loan funds that focus mainly on manufacturing,
although other types of businesses are eligible. The program would be a
partnership of local lending institutions, the State College Redevelopment
Authority, and Downtown State College. The SBDC and CDICC would also be involved
in the program, lending their expertise as needed. We will particularly benefit
from the involvement of these organizations in the area of business plan
preparation. In discussions with our potential partners, we have looked at two
approaches    a loan guarantee approach and/or a gap financing approach. It
appears from review of revolving loan programs in other communities, the gap
financing approach is more common. In either case, the program would be
structured as a matching program where the level of public funding committed to
the program would match the level of funding committed by local banks in the
partnership. The specific details of the program have not been finalized.
However, the following program elements are common in revolving loan programs:
Project completion date : 2015-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : BOROUGH OF STATE COLLEGE

Address : 243 South Allen Street,
State College, PA 16801-4806
United States

Country :United StatesCopyright © Euclid Infotech Pvt. Ltd. Provided by
SyndiGate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             April 12, 2013 Friday

Libya-Jafara Co. for Food Production Project

LENGTH: 501  words


Project Start (Estimated) : 2013
Project End  (Estimated) : 2014
Project ID :     9441
Fiscal year :     2013
Status :     Active
Guarantee holder :     Inter MIMS Investment Limited
Investor country :     Mauritius
Host country :   Libya
Environmental category :     B
Sector :     Manufacturing
Date SPG disclosed :     July 06, 2012
Project Board date :     July 23, 2012
Gross exposure :      $9.8 million
Project type :     SIP
Strategic priority area :     South-South
Conflict Affected
Summaries of proposed guarantees are provided prior to Board consideration and
before final contract signing, and they are therefore subject to change. Project
briefs are disclosed after Board consideration and contract signing and reflect
the terms of the project at the time of contract signature. Environmental and
Social Review Summaries are provided for projects assigned an Environmental
Assessment Category of A or B.


This summary covers a shareholder loan from Inter MIMS Investment Limited of
Mauritius to Jafara Group Limited in Libya. The investor has applied for a MIGA
guarantee of up to $10 million for a period of up to 10 years against the risks
of transfer restriction, expropriation, and war and civil disturbance.
Jafara is a company involved in the production, bottling, and distribution of
drinking water and juice products in Libya. The company is now the fourth
largest manufacturer of juices in the Libyan market and has established two
Tetra Pak juice lines, a polyethylene terephthalate (PET) mineral water
production line, and canned fruit juices/sodas. Inter MIMS   shareholder loan
will support the expansion of Jafara  s production capacity. Planned
improvements include the construction of an additional warehouse, the purchase
of equipment for glass bottling, and a new air conditioning system for the
entire factory.
Environmental Categorization
The project is a category B under MIGA  s Policy on Social and Environmental
Sustainability as it has potentially limited adverse social or environmental
impacts. Key potential impacts include community and workers   health and safety
and pollution mitigation. The potential impacts are largely reversible and
readily addressed through mitigation measures. The company has provided a Social
and Environmental Assessment Report in line with MIGA  s Performance Standards.

Development Impact
The project  s key development impacts include the addition of new permanent
jobs, (158 staff employed by the project in total), taxes paid to the government
after the expiration of the tax holiday, and significant local sourcing. Inputs
sourced in the local market include sugar, pre-forms, caps, cartons, stretch
folio, pallets, and glue. The company estimates that it spends   6.5 million
yearly in the purchase of local goods and services. In addition, Jafara provides
free water and juice to local hospitals and schools.

This project will also have an important catalyzing effect for foreign di

country :Mauritius
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                October 30, 2012

FCMB, Citibank Sign U.S.$20 Million Loan Deal to Boost Lending

BYLINE: Obinna Chima

LENGTH: 460 words


First City Monument Bank Plc (FCMB) has secured a $20 million, three-year term
loan from Citigroup Global Markets Limited (Citi), to support Small and Medium
Enterprises (SMEs) customers of FCMB.

A statement from Citibank Nigeria Monday explained that the facility was
supported through a partial guarantee from the Overseas Private Investment
Corporation (OPIC) and would be channelled towards lending to SME customers of
FCMB that had been identified.

It further described the deal as a "pioneering OPIC SME Loan Guaranty Facility
in Nigeria and will provide significant employment opportunities within the SME
sector of the economy."

OPIC is an agency of the United States government that mobilises private capital
to help solve critical developmental challenges and catalyse revenues, jobs and
growth opportunities in emerging markets. OPIC achieves its mission by providing
financing and political risk insurance.

Citibank acted as the Sole Arranger and Facility Agent on the deal.

Group Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, FCMB, Mr. Ladi Balogun, was
quoted to have described the transaction as an innovative collaboration between
Citi and FCMB.

Balogun said: "By implication of the size of the loan, we will be deploying it
towards the SME segment of our customer base. Most importantly, this is an
indication of the growing confidence the international community has in the
Nigerian financial sector following the reforms initiated by the Central Bank of
Nigeria.

"No doubt the sector's risk rating and the country's sovereign rating will
continue to improve to the benefit of the financial sector and the economy at
large. We will be applying these funds towards our underserved SMEs.

"This underserved sector, is absolutely critical to growth and employment in our
economy, will benefit from greater access to competitively priced funds such as
this. FCMB is pleased not only to have received these funds but also to continue
its supportive role in the growth and development of SMEs in Nigeria," he added.

On his part, Executive Director/ Corporate Bank Head for Citi Nigeria, Omar
Hafeez, said the structure of the deal demonstrates Citi's singular focus on
delivering client solutions.

According to Hafeez, the transaction would not only help FCMB to diversify and
strengthen its funding base, but also directly impact on the Nigerian economy.

Citibank's outgoing Managing Director, Mr. Emeka Emuwa, who was also present at
the event, reflected on Citi's long-standing relationship with FCMB and
commended the entire team on a successful outcome.

FCMB, a full service banking group, recently completed the acquisition of former
FinBank. On the other hand, Citi has approximately 200 million customer accounts
and does business in more than 140 countries.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      June 4, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Deal in works to save mill, Kapuskasing mayor says

BYLINE: By Rick Haliechuk Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 393 words


A deal to save 1,200 jobs at a pulp and paper mill in Kapuskasing is in the
works, says the mayor of the Northern Ontario town.

Ted Jewell announced yesterday that employees of Spruce Falls Power and Paper
Corp. and other town residents have pledged $ 13.1 million toward the upgrading
of the mill.

"The people have shown their intent to grab hold of their destiny," Jewell said
in a telephone interview.

The paper mill is jointly owned by Kimberly-Clark Corp. of Dallas and The New
York Times Co.

They've offered to transfer ownership of the plant to the employees at no
charge, but the employees would have to find the money necessary to upgrade and
modernize the facility.

Kimberly-Clark and The New York Times also want to sell their Smoky Falls
electrical generating station, 80 kilometres from the paper mill.

The offer to the employees expires June 30 and is contingent on Ontario Hydro
acquiring the power plant for $ 133.6 million.

Hydro agreed to buy the facility in 1989, provided the power plant received
environmental assessment approval from the provincial government, which is still
pending.

Jewell said his community's business plan for the paper mill will be put to the
Ontario government on Thursday.

The community is hoping to receive grants, loans and loan guarantees from
Queen's Park and Ottawa of as much as $ 70 million toward the modernization
costs.

Jewell said he's confident the NDP government will do the right thing.

He said that 1,198 employees of Spruce Falls have written letters, indicating a
willingness to contribute a total of just over $ 8 million toward the deal;
another 750 residents of Kapuskasing and the area have agreed to plunk down a
total of just over $ 5 million.

Asked how a community of only 10,834 people could find a total of $ 13.1 million
among them, Jewell replied: "Not now and not in the past has Kapuskasing been a
poor community; the wages here have traditionally been good."

A spokesperson for Ontario Hydro said there was nothing new to announce from
Hydro's point of view. Hydro is still waiting for environmental assessment
approval from the government, he said.

Kimberly-Clark chairman Darwin Smith said yesterday if no deal is reached by
June 30, his firm will begin issuing layoff notices to 1,200 of the 1,450
employees now working at Spruce Falls.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      June 4, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Deal in works to save mill, Kapuskasing mayor says

BYLINE: By Rick Haliechuk Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 400 words


   A deal to save 1,200 jobs at a pulp and paper mill in Kapuskasing is in the
works, says the mayor of the Northern Ontario town.

Ted Jewell announced yesterday that employees of Spruce Falls Power and Paper
Corp. and other town residents have pledged $13.1 million toward the upgrading
of the mill.

"The people have shown their intent to grab hold of their destiny," Jewell said
in a telephone interview.

The paper mill is jointly owned by Kimberly-Clark Corp. of Dallas and The New
York Times Co.

They've offered to transfer ownership of the plant to the employees at no
charge, but the employees would have to find the money necessary to upgrade and
modernize the facility.

Kimberly-Clark and The New York Times also want to sell their Smoky Falls
electrical generating station, 80 kilometres from the paper mill.

The offer to the employees expires June 30 and is contingent on Ontario Hydro
acquiring the power plant for $133.6 million.

Hydro agreed to buy the facility in 1989, provided the power plant received
environmental assessment approval from the provincial government, which is still
pending.

Jewell said his community's business plan for the paper mill will be put to the
Ontario government on Thursday.

The community is hoping to receive grants, loans and loan guarantees from
Queen's Park and Ottawa of as much as $70 million toward the modernization
costs.

Jewell said he's confident the NDP government will do the right thing.

He said that 1,198 employees of Spruce Falls have written letters, indicating a
willingness to contribute a total of just over $8 million toward the deal;
another 750 residents of Kapuskasing and the area have agreed to plunk down a
total of just over $5 million.

Asked how a community of only 10,834 people could find a total of $13.1 million
among them, Jewell replied: "Not now and not in the past has Kapuskasing been a
poor community; the wages here have traditionally been good."

A spokesperson for Ontario Hydro said there was nothing new to announce from
Hydro's point of view. Hydro is still waiting for environmental assessment
approval from the government, he said.

Kimberly-Clark chairman Darwin Smith said yesterday if no deal is reached by
June 30, his firm will begin issuing layoff notices to 1,200 of the 1,450
employees now working at Spruce Falls.Ontario; paper

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 3, 2016 Tuesday

New facility to be able to generate up to US$800 million in concessional loans

LENGTH: 194 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 WASHINGTON: Under a package, new facility will be able to generate up to US$800
million in concessional loans in the next year. Eight nations and the European
Commission pledged a package of more than US$1 billion to a World Bank-led
financing initiative in support of Syrian refugees and host communities in
Jordan and Lebanon, as well as recovery and reconstruction across the region.





 The package includes-- US$141 million in grants, US$1 billion in soft loans and
US$500 million in guarantees. Japan, France, the United Kingdom, the United
States, Germany, Canada, the Netherlands, Norway and the European Commission
each pledged their initial financial contributions to the New Financing
Initiative to Support the Middle East and North Africa Region.



 The pledging occurred at a ministerial conference co-chaired by the President
of the World Bank Group, the Secretary General of the United Nations and the
President of the Islamic Development Bank Group. The conference brought together
ministers from G7, Gulf Cooperation Council, European and MENA countries, as
well as the heads of various multilateral development banks and international
organizations.



LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            July 17, 2013 Wednesday

Pakistan: KPK Govt announces mega projects for youth

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, July 17 -- The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven
development schemes for motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on
construction of district youth centres, stipend for jobless and launching of
skill development programme to make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department Monday said that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent. He said work on these projects would
be initiated in current fiscal year costing Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Matlock Mercury

                                October 3, 2007

Village store calls for aid

LENGTH: 337  words


A VILLAGE store which is owned by the community is appealing for people to help
secure its long-term future.

Winster Village Shop was bought by the village in 2005, but it was known that
the building's structure needed significant investment.

The shop's management needs to find £80,000 from grants, loans and donations in
order to fund scheduled improvements including a new stock room and kitchen.

Chairman of the Winster Village Shop Association, David Mitchell, said: "The
main problems with the shop are that there are no staff facilities other than a
condemned outside loo, the warehouse is very damp, the electrics need rewiring
and the ceiling is collapsing.

"If we are to compete with Sainsbury in Matlock, or rather survive alongside, we
have to differentiate ourselves with more fresh product, local product and
additional services to suit residents and tourists alike.

"The work will be done in three phases to ensure that one way or another the
shop will continue trading to meet the needs of the community.

"We have a grant of £20,000 and are actively seeking more grants, loans and
donations from the country at large, local businesses and local residents.

"We will gain, in simple terms, a larger, well-fitted shop with excellent
support facilities that can trade successfully in Winster without further
investment for the foreseeable future."

The shop is a company limited by guarantee, meaning every resident of Winster
and Elton over the age of 18 is an owner of the shop and has a vote at its AGM.

Work has already begun on the first phase of improvements, involving the
demolition and rebuilding of a warehouse with staff facilities and a prep
kitchen.

Later phases will see refitting of ceilings, and installation of new equipment
and electrics.

It is hoped the works and increased floor space could also create a further two
part time jobs for local people.

Future profits of the shop will be distributed for the good of the community.

If you can help to support the project, contact David Mitchell on 01629 650220.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 17, 2017

                         GLENUIG COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION

                                  GLENUIG HALL
                                    GLENUIG
                                   LOCHAILORT
                              LOCHAILORT PH38 4NG


TRADE ADDRESS: Glenuig Hall Glenuig, LOCHAILORT PH38 4NG

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01687470214
FAX: 01687-470214

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC147089

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: October 20, 1993
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                             Turnove
No.                                                            r
SC237806        GLENUIG COMMUNITY TRADING COMPANY              0
                LIMITED
-               -                                              -
-               -                                              -
-               -                                              -
-               -                                              -
-               -                                              -
-               -                                              -
-               -                                              -
-               -                                              -
-               -                                              -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Alasdair Iain Carmichael, Builder
     ·    Pamela Myra Conacher, Arts Educator
     ·    Sue Mccann, Director
     ·    Mrs Glenda Elizabeth Green, None
     ·    Dr Bernard Martyn Rumfitt Green, Scientist (environmental)
     ·    Mrs Zoe Ann Pritchard, Home Maker
     ·    Mr Keith O'connor, Retired
     ·    Eoghan Alexander Carmichael, Crofter


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Normal   Company acting as agents

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040
94990
85520

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  June 7, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  October 20, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                3,525     3,648     3,771
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             3,525     3,648     3,771
Stocks                                         2,063     2,300     1,192
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          16,638    19,833    19,582
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0     1,885         0
Other Current Assets                          16,638    21,718    19,582
Total Current Assets                          18,701    24,018    20,774
Fixed Assets                                   3,425     3,548     3,671
Intermediate Assets                              100       100       100
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  22,226    27,666    24,545



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                672       672       660
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                        672       672       660
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                        672       672       660
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                672       672       660
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 21,554    26,994    23,885
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             21,554    26,994    23,885
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    21,554    26,994    23,885


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales           27,301    31,684    32,525
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit          27,301    31,684    32,525
Operating Profit       -5440     3,109     -8245
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          -5440     3,109     -8245
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax       -5440     3,109     -8245
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits       -5440     3,109     -8245
Value Added            -5317     3,232     -7650
Capital Employed      21,554    26,994    23,885
Net Worth             21,554    26,994    23,885
Working Capital       18,029    23,346    20,114
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees                 0         0         0
Non-audit Fees           672       672       660
Depreciation             123       123       595
Number of                 12        12        11
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales              -13.83 -16.06  -41.3
Pretax             -274.9 -34.02    693
                        8
Total Assets       -19.66  -9.45 -34.22
Current Assets     -22.14  -9.98 -36.44
Current                 0   1.82 -59.44
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -20.15  -9.76 -32.92
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               0   9.09     20
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 44,990 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
91330 Activities of other membership organisations not
elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -.88        0    18.99
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -.31        0     13.2
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                               -.5        0       20
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              36.89    87.87   190.08
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x           0        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     2.48        7
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,100.1 27,610.2 35,688.3
                                                          6        8        8
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  12,933.3   17,000   25,000
                                                          3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  13,866.6   27,000   54,875
                                                          7
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  68.91    48.04    27.71



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  98
=
Year -1  95
=
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -25.24     11.52    -34.52
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -24.48     11.24    -33.59
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            -25.24     11.52    -34.52
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -19.93      9.81    -25.35
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          122.83    114.52    132.51
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            7.97      8.93      8.86
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        66.04     73.68     61.84
Sales / Stocks                                     13.23     13.78     27.29
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               27.83     35.74     31.48
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 24.76     32.32     29.67
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.97      0.98      0.97
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                        0.33      0.29      0.55
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)        -453.33    259.08   -749.55
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               2,275.08  2,640.33  2,956.82
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          1,796.17   2,249.5  2,171.36
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)          285.42    295.67    333.73
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        1,852.17   2,305.5  2,231.36
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                   102.31     96.19    107.78
Value Added / Sales (%)                           -19.48      10.2    -23.52
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -443.08    269.33   -695.45
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 21,554

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: R A Clement Associates

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2017


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               February 20, 2017

                            THE BAKEHOUSE (GALLOWAY)

                                 THE BAKEHOUSE
                                 44 HIGH STREET
                               GATEHOUSE OF FLEET
                             CASTLE DOUGLAS DG7 2HP


TRADE ADDRESS: 44 High Street, CASTLE DOUGLAS DG7 2HP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01557814048
URL: www.rmacfarlane.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC296836

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 8, 2006
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Peter Marcus, Barrister
     ·    Ms Jane Heather Overton, Community Finance Officer
     ·    Mr Kenneth James Crocket Smyth, Designer
     ·    Mrs Deirdre Evelyn Carlisle, Analyst/programmer
     ·    Chrys Salt, Writer/theatre Director
     ·    Richard Archibald Macfarlane, Researcher/consultant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 11, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 8, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          10,985    15,320    13,383
Miscellaneous Current Assets                      90       945         0
Other Current Assets                          11,075    16,265    13,383
Total Current Assets                          11,075    16,265    13,383
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  11,075    16,265    13,383



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              2,102     7,464     5,851
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      2,102     7,464     5,851
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      2,102     7,464     5,851
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              2,102     7,464     5,851
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  8,973     8,801     7,532
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              8,973     8,801     7,532
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     8,973     8,801     7,532


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales            9,495    26,214    28,299
Cost of Sales          7,158         0         0
Gross Profit           2,337    26,214    28,299
Operating Profit         215     1,586       758
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit            215     1,586       758
Taxation                  43       317       152
Profit After Tax         172     1,269       606
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits         172     1,269       606
Value Added              215     1,586       758
Capital Employed       8,973     8,801     7,532
Net Worth              8,973     8,801     7,532
Working Capital        8,973     8,801     7,532
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees                 0         0         0
Non-audit Fees           840       990       990
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales              -63.78 -66.45 -64.53
Pretax             -86.44 -71.64 -90.94
Total Assets       -31.91 -17.25 -30.21
Current Assets     -31.91 -17.25 -30.21
Current            -71.84 -64.07  -76.5
Liabilities
Capital Employed     1.95  19.13  29.56
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  7
=        4
Year -1  7
=        4
Year -2  9
=        8
Year -3  9
=        8

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                 2.4     18.02     10.06
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          1.94      9.75      5.66
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)               2.4     18.02     10.06
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           2.26      6.05      2.68
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           85.73    161.17    211.45
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         94.5     33.57     26.62
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                5.27      2.18      2.29
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  5.27      2.18      2.29
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.81      0.54      0.56
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                      100       100       100
Value Added / Sales (%)                             2.26      6.05      2.68
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 8,973

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Barcant Beardon Ltd

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                                 March 2, 2009

Washington aims to boost business investment by sweetening terms on SBA lending
programs

BYLINE: Mark Anderson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 902  words


The giant economic-stimulus legislation that became law Feb. 17 included among
its imposing allocations for highways, renewable energy and schools a $730
million pool aimed at boosting investments in the nation's small businesses.

That provision, a small piece of the overall $789 billion package, will make it
cheaper and less risky for business owners and banks to take part in Small
Business Administration (SBA) loan programs, which have driven much of the
nation's small business investment in recent years.

The SBA initiative will lower borrower fees and increase the portion of each
loan that the government guarantees. It also provides a new temporary loan fund
to help current SBA borrowers stay on top their payments at a time when their
receipts are probably declining.

Those new tools should add fuel to a Minnesota market that slowed dramatically
in the past 15 months, according to two of the top community bank SBA lenders in
the state.

One of the biggest contributors to the slump here was the loss of wealth that
most would-be borrowers experienced - whether through erosion in their home
equity values or losses in 401(k)s and other savings. Those provided much of the
collateral that enabled lenders to underwrite small business loans.

"In the past, those personal assets gave us comfort, but those numbers are down
now," said Kim Storey, a senior vice president and SBA manager at Highland Bank.
In that situation, "the new higher loan guarantees [raised to 90 percent from
75-80 percent in the past] will gives us some added comfort" and make more loans
possible, she said.

The other major SBA initiative in the package is a promise to temporarily reduce
or eliminate fees that borrowers pay when they obtain a loan. Those fees range
now from 1 percent of the loan amount on small credits up to 3.75 percent on a
portion of loans greater than $1 million. Such existing fee structures add more
than $28,000 to the cost of a $1 million loan.

"Those could be wrapped into the loan payments, but they're still pretty
significant costs," and contributed to the slowdown in borrowing in these tight
times, said John Kimball, senior vice president at Park Midway Bank in St. Paul.
"Lowering those fees will help customers. "

The new fee structure hasn't been finalized yet, so lenders and borrowers aren't
sure of the savings. But Edward Daum, director of the Minnesota district, said
the agency has expedited a process that normally takes months to run through
industry and agency reviews, and he said the SBA will finalize the program soon,
getting those better terms out to borrowers quickly.

The SBA component of the stimulus also provided $255 million for small
"stabilization" loans so that current borrowers could keep making their loan
payments; it added $30 million to expand a micro-lending program for very small
startup businesses; and it created a new opportunity to refinance loans for
fixed assets to help owners expand current projects.

Small business lending markets, like every other credit market, slowed
dramatically in the past 15 months, declining by 60 percent nationally during
the fiscal year that ended on Sept. 30, and agency representatives said the
slump continued this year.

The value of Minnesota SBA loans in fiscal 2008 dropped by 12 percent in fiscal
2008, but even that was well above national trends.

One reason national activity dropped so much faster was that big, non-bank
lenders dominate many state markets, but not Minnesota. Those lenders obtain
funds by securitizing their loans and selling them to large investors. But like
most secondary loan markets, demand for SBA loan pools also dried up last year,
leaving those large lenders with little cash to lend after early in 2008.

The stimulus package included a small investment in strengthening the secondary
market for SBA 504 or real estate loans, and the Treasury department is working
on a plan to boost the rest of the secondary market with investments from the
Term Asset-backed Securities Loan Facility, or TALF.

In Minnesota, the remedies will come primarily through the fee and guarantee
enhancements, but those steps should deliver another boost by restoring
confidence among lenders and borrowers, Kimball and Storey agreed.

"The package gives a clear demonstration that this administration supports the
SBA program, and that's something we haven't had for a while," Kimball said.
"This is definitely building bankers' confidence in the SBA. "

And it should have a similar effect on borrowers, Storey believes: "There's a
perception in the business community that there's a hump to get over in the
economy, and I think the stimulus package will help us get there. "

Both lenders expect all those factors to translate into an alright year for
their SBA shops.

"We think we'll book more loans this year than last year," when Highland
originated almost $2 million in SBA loans, Storey said. "There's some slowdown
in demand, but that doesn't include everybody. We have existing customers who
are looking at expansions, and we're looking at three or four that should close
in the first quarter. "

"We're cautiously optimistic," Kimball said about Park Midway's SBA prospects
this year. He added that the 504 program has been busy, filling a gap left by
weakness in the conventional commercial real estate market.

"We think we'll be steady" with last year, when Park Midway originated more than
$12 million in SBA loans.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                            February 27, 2009 Friday

Stimulus: Government efforts include $730 million to boost small business
investment

BYLINE: Mark Anderson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 907  words


The giant economic-stimulus legislation that became law Feb. 17 included among
its imposing allocations for highways, renewable energy and schools a $730
million pool aimed at boosting investments in the nation's small businesses.

That provision, a small piece of the overall $789 billion package, will make it
cheaper and less risky for business owners and banks to take part in Small
Business Administration (SBA) loan programs, which have driven much of the
nation's small business investment in recent years.

The SBA initiative will lower borrower fees and increase the portion of each
loan that the government guarantees. It also provides a new temporary loan fund
to help current SBA borrowers stay on top their payments at a time when their
receipts are probably declining.

Those new tools should add fuel to a Minnesota market that slowed dramatically
in the past 15 months, according to two of the top community bank SBA lenders in
the state.

One of the biggest contributors to the slump here was the loss of wealth that
most would-be borrowers experienced - whether through erosion in their home
equity values or losses in 401(k)s and other savings. Those provided much of the
collateral that enabled lenders to underwrite small business loans.

"In the past, those personal assets gave us comfort, but those numbers are down
now," said Kim Storey, a senior vice president and SBA manager at Highland Bank.
In that situation, "the new higher loan guarantees [raised to 90 percent from
75-80 percent in the past] will gives us some added comfort" and make more loans
possible, she said.

The other major SBA initiative in the package is a promise to temporarily reduce
or eliminate fees that borrowers pay when they obtain a loan. Those fees range
now from 1 percent of the loan amount on small credits up to 3.75 percent on a
portion of loans greater than $1 million. Such existing fee structures add more
than $28,000 to the cost of a $1 million loan.

"Those could be wrapped into the loan payments, but they're still pretty
significant costs," and contributed to the slowdown in borrowing in these tight
times, said John Kimball, senior vice president at Park Midway Bank in St. Paul.
"Lowering those fees will help customers. "

The new fee structure hasn't been finalized yet, so lenders and borrowers aren't
sure of the savings. But Edward Daum, director of the Minnesota district, said
the agency has expedited a process that normally takes months to run through
industry and agency reviews, and he said the SBA will finalize the program soon,
getting those better terms out to borrowers quickly.

The SBA component of the stimulus also provided $255 million to provide small
"stabilization" loans so that current borrowers could keep making their loan
payments; it added $30 million to expand a micro-lending program for very small
startup businesses; and it created a new opportunity to refinance loans for
fixed assets to help owners expand current projects.

Small business lending markets, like every other credit market, slowed
dramatically in the past 15 months, declining by 60 percent nationally during
the fiscal year that ended on Sept. 30, and agency representatives said the
slump continued this year.

The value of Minnesota SBA loans in fiscal 2008 dropped by 12 percent in fiscal
2008, but even that was well above national trends.

One reason national activity dropped so much faster was that big, non-bank
lenders dominate many state markets, but not Minnesota. Those lenders obtain
funds by securitizing their loans and selling them to large investors. But like
most secondary loan markets, demand for SBA loan pools also dried up last year,
leaving those large lenders with little cash to lend after early in 2008.

The stimulus package included a small investment in strengthening the secondary
market for SBA 504 or real estate loans, and the Treasury department is working
on a plan to boost the rest of the secondary market with investments from the
Term Asset-backed Securities Loan Facility, or TALF.

In Minnesota, the remedies will come primarily through the fee and guarantee
enhancements, but those steps should deliver another boost by restoring
confidence among lenders and borrowers, Kimball and Storey agreed.

"The package gives a clear demonstration that this administration supports the
SBA program, and that's something we haven't had for a while," Kimball said.
"This is definitely building bankers' confidence in the SBA. "

And it should have a similar effect on borrowers, Storey believes: "There's a
perception in the business community that there's a hump to get over in the
economy, and I think the stimulus package will help us get there. "

Both lenders expect all those factors to translate into an alright year for
their SBA shops.

"We think we'll book more loans this year than last year," when Highland
originated almost $2 million in SBA loans, Storey said.   "There's some slowdown
in demand, but that doesn't include everybody. We have existing customers who
are looking at expansions, and we're looking at three or four that should close
in the first quarter. "

"We're cautiously optimistic," Kimball said about Park Midway's SBA prospects
this year.   He added that the 504 program has been busy, filling a gap left by
weakness in the conventional commercial real estate market.

"We think we'll be steady" with last year, when Park Midway originated more than
$12 million in SBA loans.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 6, 2012 Monday

Pakistan: On a turn in fate and lives

LENGTH: 598 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Aug. 6 -- For 23-year-old Fouzia Mai, life had held little dreams
except a domestic routine at her village Aziz Abad, Fazilpur, District Rajanpur,
where she resides with her parents and younger siblings.

But the devastating floods of 2010 changed all that in a flash. Her family lost
everything, including a roof over their heads. With her father being the sole
bread earner of the family - he works for a goods forwarding agency - Fouzia's
family found themselves in a bleak situation.

The natural calamity that struck the region in the year 2010 had a deep and
profound impact on the lives of thousands of people across the country; however,
Fouzia was determined to fight the odds. "Since my father did not have any
technical qualification to earn a livelihood, I decided that it was up to me to
earn a living for the family," she says.

With only middle school education, Fouzia was wise enough to understand the
corporate world would not be kind on her. Knowing the art of embroidery, she
utilised this skill to lend a helping hand to her family.

But even the smallest and most basic of business needs money. A neighbour told
her about the Khushhalibank Micro loan facility. "I took a loan of Rs15,000 from
the bank on August 1, 2011. This was a monthly installment based loan with group
guarantee and now, one year forward, I am in the second loan cycle," she says.

With the help of this facility, Fouzia was able to purchase a sewing machine and
unstitched cloth to start her own stitching business. The young girl who used to
earn a meager Rs3,000-Rs3,500 per month from her stitching was suddenly seeing a
potential to grow.

She found that there was demand for her embroidery from her neighbouring
localities and the local people were willing to pay for her designs. "I operate
from home on my sewing machine and I make approximately six to seven pieces of
clothes every month," she says.

Fouzia has been able to make around Rs30,000 per month in the very first loan
cycle, which speaks volumes for her hard work and commitment.

Having successfully initiated her own venture she is not only financially able
to support her parents but her siblings are also now enrolled in proper schools.
She also plans to further pursue her education following the success of her
business so she can climb the ladder of success with the help of further
education.

Having done well so far has made Fouzia ambitious. Now she is looking to
purchase or rent new machines after which she would employ a few women to help
her with stitching work and embroidery.

Her aim is to be able to make a name for herself in Pakistan through her
embroidery work and also introduce it in the international markets. Furthermore,
she plans to open up a training center for women of her community who can come
in and learn the art of stitching and embroidery.

"Through honing their skills they would be able to embark upon the road to
self-sufficiency. The community involvement would engage young girls of my
locality that would enable them to become empowered through learning the skill,"
she says.

Moreover, Fouzia would earn additional revenue from running these community
centers and the productivity of her work would also increase significantly. "I
hope I can be a role model for other girls who lost everything in natural
calamities like I did. This one year has been like a dream come true for me,"
she concludes Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision
News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

Banks have started Value Chain schemes

BYLINE: Mohammed Arifeen

LENGTH: 1322  words


Value Chain Contract Farmer Financing schemes are broadly defined as binding
arrangements between banks and agri. value chain actors including producers,
processors, aggregators, traders through which a farmer or group of farmers
ensures supply of agricultural products to individual firms. It replaces the
traditional collateral requirements with trade agreements by facilitating
coordinated commercial relations between value chain actors.

Agricultural value chain finance permits lending institutions such as banks to
diversify their investment portfolio. In essence, agricultural value chain
financing acts as a catalyst for driving economic growth in rural areas. It
helps to increase household incomes for a large proportion of the population,
and results in poverty reduction and guaranteed food security. It helps women,
who account for the major part of production but who often do not own the
traditional collateral (land) on which banks tend to rely, to raise finance on
the back of their ability to supply into a value chain.

The State Bank of Pakistan has introduced a 'Value-Chain Contract Farmer
financing' scheme to build liaison between banks and small farmers who have no
access to formal financing. The SBP circulated among banks elaborate guidelines
about what the scheme is all about and how it has to be implemented. Bankers say
the scheme is, by and large, practical. Under this scheme, farmers can avail
themselves of bank financing using processors' guarantees. In return, they will
make sure that the processors or buyers get the required quantity of a crop or
any other agricultural produce.

State Bank of Pakistan on amended the guidelines for value chain contract farmer
financing. According to SBP AC and MFD Circular Letter No 01 0f 2015 issued on
January 2, 2014, in order to encourage banks to lend to individual farmers,
"corporate guarantee" has been added to the eligible securities/collateral
(under section 4.8) of the value chain contract farmer financing guidelines.

Successful adoption of the guidelines will improve depth and spectrum of
agri-financing to escalate rural household incomes and economic growth of the
country.SBP has advised banks to use the guidelines for developing their own
products for providing credit to contract farmers particularly to those who lack
collateral to offer to the bank.

It has issued Guidelines on Value Chain Contract Farmer Financing to encourage
banks to extend credit to small and marginalized farmers by leveraging on the
strengths of interrelationships that exist in the agriculture value chain. These
guidelines will serve as a basis for banks to develop mutually beneficial
relationship between the banks, farmers and the value-chain agent.

To bring more clarity in the related instructions, a few amendments have also
been made to section 4.8 of the guidelines. As per new guidelines on
securities/collateral (Section 4.8): Under contract financing scheme, banks may
provide unsecured financing up to a maximum of Rs 1,000,000 to individual farmer
as per prudential regulation No R4 of agriculture financing.

In case, a bank intends to secure its financing facility to farmer, it may
obtain security/collateral from a lead firm who can be a processor, input
supplier, stockiest, marketing company, trader, exporter, etc. The same
security/collateral may also be used by banks for securing their marketing loan
provided to the lead firm for meeting their short terms/seasonal financing
requirement.

The introduction of value chain contract farmer financing scheme will enable
farmers to avail financing from banks backed by processor's guarantee and in
return buyers/processors may get assurance of getting required quantity and
quality of agricultural produce. The guidelines have introduced five instruments
including Trader Credit, Input Supplier Credit, Marketing Company Credit, Lead
Firm Credit and Arthi or Intermediary, besides identifying roles  and
responsibilities of stakeholders, financing mechanism, eligibility criteria,
types of financing, loan limits, security  and  collateral, insurance and loan
monitoring mechanism.

Small farmers with up to 5 acre land holding constitute 65 percent or 5.4
million as against 8.3 million farm households in the country. Therefore, SBP,
in line with government's efforts to promote access to finance to small farmers,
is working on a number of initiatives that include credit guarantee scheme for
small  and  marginalized farmers, crop  and  livestock insurance and warehouse
receipt financing.

After the launch of agricultural valuechain financing last October, banks have
begun using this tool to boost their risk-mitigated lending to the agriculture
sector. The bulk of value-chain financing is used in crop-growing and animal
farming, as it is easier for banks classify value-chain partners and commodity
or input suppliers who act as guarantors for the farmers.

Although banks are encouraged to make long-term loans, they are currently
focused on making short-term loans. Such loans get repaid in installments as and
when the growers sell their crops. Bankers say these are making the value chain
financing attractive for them and this is why commercial and microfinance banks
are using it actively.

They are using value-chain financing in lending operations such as trader
credit, input supplier credit, marketing company credit and lead firm credit
Value chain financing has not grown fast and is creating lot of problems.
Bankers say obtaining the right information about farmers through VCPs or
suppliers is not that easy. It is anticipated that the guideline would benefit
farmers in terms of enhanced productivity in variety of ways such as availing
quality input facilities, adopting new technologies, insurance coverage for
crop/non-crop activities and most importantly assurance of buyer in advance.

Many sugar and tobacco mills and a number of companies like Rafhan Maize,
Nestle, Engro Foods, Shan Foods, National Foods and Lays etc currently provide
inputs and transportation facilities to selected farmers who, in return, sell
their respective produce (tobacco, sugar, maize, wheat, rice or potatoes etc) to
them. Under the value chain financing, banks are participating in such
activities as financiers or cofinanciers.

According to the SBP, the value chain financing was one of several factors that
lead to a phenomenal 38 percent year-over-year growth in gross agricultural
lending in fiscal year 2015. Bankers say they can use the valuechain financing
scheme in four main categories of lending operations i.e. trader credit, input
supplier credit, marketing company credit and lead firm credit.

The scheme has also laid down a procedure for banks to benefit from the
centuries-old institution of Arthi, or intermediary. Banks can establish
contacts with the Arthi and use his services to identify a genuine borrower,
correctly assess his borrowing need, ensure proper utilisation of loan and
facilitate and manage the borrower's cash-flow by binding him to sell his
produce through the Arthi.

The value chain financial scheme also envisages a system for banks to use an
arthi, or an intermediary for advancing value-chain loans. Banks are allowed to
use the services of the arthis and to identify genuine borrowers, correctly
assess their borrowing needs, ensure proper utilisation of the loans, and
facilitate and manage the borrowers' cash flows by binding them to sell their
produce through the arthis.

But bankers say establishing contacts with reputable arthis has proved more
difficult. The value chain finance scheme is ideal for arthis because they can
earn profits by selling the growers' agricultural produce without lending any
money to them (as this job has now taken over by a bank).

It is seen reputable arthis are not showing much interest in the scheme,
particularly in Sindh, whereas those whose credentials are not well-established
are eager to do business with banks.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 7, 2017

                          SOUTH OF ENGLAND FOUNDATION

                     C/O CHARLTON ATHLETIC COMMUNITY TRUST
                                 SPARROWS LANE
                                   NEW ELTHAM
                                     LONDON
                                 LONDON SE9 2JR


TRADE ADDRESS: Training Ground Sparrows Lane, LONDON SE9 2JR

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 02088502866
FAX: 020-8850-7214
URL: www.cact.org.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04654582

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: February 3, 2003
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 228

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name                                          Turnove
No.                                                                         r
05799789        SOUTH OF ENGLAND FOUNDATION (COMMUNITY FACILITIES)     96,745
                LIMITED
-               -                                                           -
-               -                                                           -
-               -                                                           -
-               -                                                           -
-               -                                                           -
-               -                                                           -
-               -                                                           -
-               -                                                           -
-               -                                                           -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Paul Richard Statham, Company Director
     ·    Paul Marcellous Elliott, Property Developer Media Consultant
     ·    Roger Duncan Godsiff, Member Of Parliament
     ·    Mr Peter Colin Cousins, Accountant
     ·    David White, Businessman
     ·    Mrs Marilyn Anne Toft, Education Consultant
     ·    Mr Luke Christopher Ashworth, Solicitor
     ·    Mr Ken Francis Palmer, Company Director


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 400501 Education
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Reinstated HCO

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
85000 - Health and social work
86900
88100
90000 - Sewage and refuse disposal, sanitation and similar activities
93290

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Group
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  November 8, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  February 3, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  75,000

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              438,000   482,000   545,534
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           438,000   482,000   545,534
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                      730,000   741,000   659,776
Cash                                         842,000   924,000 1,042,022
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 282,000   211,000   191,399
Other Current Assets                       1,124,000 1,135,000 1,233,421
Total Current Assets                       1,854,000 1,876,000 1,893,197
Fixed Assets                                 438,000   482,000   545,534
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,292,000 2,358,000 2,438,731



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities            925,000   817,000   785,975
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -     2,625
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                    925,000   817,000   783,350
Short Term Loans                                   -         -     2,625
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                  119,000   161,000   111,000
Total Current Liabilities                    925,000   817,000   785,975
Total Long Term Liabilities                  119,000   161,000   111,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          1,044,000   978,000   896,975
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,248,000 1,380,000 1,541,756
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          1,248,000 1,380,000 1,541,756
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 1,367,000 1,541,000 1,652,756


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        5,513,000 5,643,000 4,946,489
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit       5,513,000 5,643,000 4,946,489
Operating Profit     -312000   -112000   -488584
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit        -312000   -112000   -488584
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax     -312000   -112000   -488584
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits     -312000   -112000   -488584
Value Added        3,365,000 3,460,000 2,898,317
Capital Employed   1,367,000 1,541,000 1,652,756
Net Worth          1,248,000 1,380,000 1,541,756
Working Capital      929,000 1,059,000 1,107,222
Emp. Renumeration  3,621,000 3,501,000 3,313,390
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees            12,000    11,000    10,300
Non-audit Fees         2,000     1,000     1,450
Depreciation          56,000    71,000    73,511
Number of                228       220       192
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                               31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
                                                     GBP       GBP       GBP
Net Cashflow From Operating Activities            -71000         -         -
Net Cashflow From Return On Investment And         1,000         -         -
Servicing Of Finance
Net Cashflow Before Financing                     -82000         -         -
Net Cashflow From Financing                            -         -         -
Increase In Cash                                  -82000         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                -2.3  11.45  10.93
Pretax             178.57 -36.14 -184.3
                                      7
Total Assets         -2.8  -6.02 -14.54
Current Assets      -1.17  -2.07 -12.49
Current             13.22  17.69  69.13
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -11.29 -17.29 -35.97
Employee Wages       3.43   9.28   28.5
Number of            3.64  18.75  18.75
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 15,375 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92629 Other sporting activities not elsewhere
classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -1.26     4.05    21.21
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.79     2.04    13.38
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -3.01     2.23    15.13
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              48.68    105.7   255.56
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        8.32        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .31        1     1.81
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            22,385.2 37,485.7 68,194.5
                                                          5                 3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,340.2 20,173.9 43,253.1
                                                          1        1        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  26,207.1 52,902.0 121,853.
                                                          4        6        5
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  55.02       40    26.66



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  45
=
Year -1  58
=
Year -2  78
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -22.82     -7.27    -29.56
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -13.61     -4.75    -20.03
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)               -25     -8.12    -31.69
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -5.66     -1.98     -9.88
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          240.53    239.31    202.83
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                           12.59     11.71      9.07
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        16.85     18.77     22.38
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     48.33     47.93     48.68
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   2       2.3      2.41
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     2       2.3      2.41
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -      0.17
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.54      0.59      0.63
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     15,881.5 15,913.64 17,257.24
(GBP)                                                  8
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  65.68     62.04     66.98
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -1368.42   -509.09  -2544.71
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               24,179.8    25,650 25,762.96
                                                       2
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          5,995.61  7,004.55   8,608.1
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        1,921.05  2,190.91  2,841.32
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        10,052.6 10,718.18 12,701.72
                                                       3
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    -9.27     -3.24    -16.86
Value Added / Sales (%)                            61.04     61.31     58.59
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         14,758.7 15,727.27  15,095.4
                                                       7
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 0.93      0.99      0.87
Sales / Audit Fees                                459.42       513    480.24
Total Assets / Audit Fees                            191    214.36    236.77
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         0
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         0

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,367,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Buzzacott LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                February 7, 2017

                           CRAIGMILLAR COMMUNITY ARTS

                                       58
                               NEWCRAIGHALL ROAD
                                   EDINBURGH
                               EDINBURGH EH15 3HS


TRADE ADDRESS: 58 Newcraighall Road, EDINBURGH EH15 3HS

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01316698432
URL: www.craigmillarcommunityarts.org.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC229682

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 27, 2002
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr James Mcgovern, Parts Adviser
     ·    Mr Francis Wales, Caterer
     ·    Mr James Fielding Scoular, Artist
     ·    Ms Fran Nothard, Administrator
     ·    Mr Mark Nothard, Railway Conductor
     ·    Mr Alexander Bell Young, Driver


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 31, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 27, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                  445       594       792
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                               445       594       792
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          38,949    15,936    22,354
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0     3,000         0
Other Current Assets                          38,949    18,936    22,354
Total Current Assets                          38,949    18,936    22,354
Fixed Assets                                     445       594       792
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  39,394    19,530    23,146



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              2,581     5,045     1,871
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      2,581     5,045     1,871
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      2,581     5,045     1,871
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              2,581     5,045     1,871
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            14,065     7,502     9,859
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 22,748     6,983    11,416
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                             36,813    14,485    21,275
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)            14,065     7,502     9,859
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    36,813    14,485    21,275


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      36,813    14,485    21,275
Net Worth             36,813    14,485    21,275
Working Capital       36,368    13,891    20,483
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       101.71   70.2 113.17
Current Assets     105.69  74.24 123.54
Current            -48.84  37.95  -3.69
Liabilities
Capital Employed   154.15  73.03 132.99
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  83
=
Year -1  90
=
Year -2  85
=
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities               15.09      3.75     11.95
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                 15.09      3.75     11.95
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.93      0.74      0.92
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 36,813

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                    November 1, 2001 Thursday, Final Edition

SCHOOL REPAIRS, SAFETY AT STAKE IN QUESTION 4;
Schools lacking facilities for essential programs may also get money from the
state's revolving loan fund.

BYLINE: TESS NACELEWICZ Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 605 words


Voters who want safe, healthy schools for Maine's schoolchildren should support
a $15 million state borrowing request that would help finance repairs and
improvements to public school buildings, according to the chairwoman of the
State Board of Education.

Question 4 on the state ballot Tuesday is a $15 million bond issue for the
state's revolving renovation loan fund. Money from the fund goes to local
municipalities to repair and renovate school buildings, particularly those with
problems relating to health and safety.

Schools that lack facilities for essential programs also may get money from the
fund for such projects as adding science labs, said the board chairwoman, Jean
Gulliver.

"It certainly touches a lot of communities and addresses a great number of
needs," Gulliver said of the fund.

She said about 170 school buildings statewide have been helped by the fund,
which the state started three years ago to assist communities in renovating
school buildings in disrepair. Prior to that time, communities could only get
state funding when they constructed new schools, Gulliver said.

"We didn't really have a vehicle to address renovation needs," she said.

The Legislature in previous years dedicated $70 million from the state surplus
to the fund, but that money has either been spent or is already dedicated to
specific school projects, so more is needed, Gulliver said.

"If we're going to continue with this program that's been tremendously
successful, we need to continue this funding," Gulliver said. "I think the
important thing to remember is that this money is broadly used around the state
and it helps local communities with costs that are otherwise going to be borne
entirely locally."

Portland is one of the districts that may benefit from the fund, said state Rep.
Glenn Cummings, D-Portland.

The Portland School Department is already planning to apply to the fund to help
pay for the site work for a modular village of classrooms it proposes building
on Munjoy Hill to house some displaced Jack Elementary School students. That
school was permanently closed in August because of a toxic mold, and its nearly
300 students are attending school in a converted office building.

Cummings said some of Portland's 11 other elementary schools, which are aging
and need repair or renovation, also may qualify for money from the fund.
Cummings stressed there's no guarantee that Portland will get a share of the
money if voters approve this bond issue, because schools have to meet specific
state criteria to qualify for the loans. However, he said, "the larger the pot,
the more likely that Portland can benefit."

State Board of Education member James Rier said the fund monies initially went
to schools with health and safety problems, but as the backlog of such schools
has shrunk, money can now go to schools that need to address learning space
upgrades.

Gulliver said that local communities must provide matching funds for the loans.
The repayment requirements for the loans depend on the level of other state aid
a school district receives, she said.

In addition to the $15 million bond issue Maine voters are being asked to
approve this Election Day, there will be another $15 million bonding request to
voters next November to finance the fund, Rier said.

If approved, that would bring the total state monies committed to the fund to
$100 million, a figure that was recommended by the governor's School Facilities
Commission. Rier was chairman of that panel.

Staff Writer Tess Nacelewicz can be contacted at 791-6367 or at:

tnacelewicz@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Election 2001: State Referendum

                 Copyright 2001 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             May 20, 2004 Thursday
                                 Idaho Edition

National/World Briefly

BYLINE: wire reports (Compiled from)

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 584 words


ARMY ORDERS SCRUTINY OF AFGHANISTAN CAMPS

Washington

The commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan ordered a "top to bottom" assessment
of American prison camps in the country Wednesday, saying he wanted assurances
that facilities are adequate and that detainees are being treated in accordance
with the Geneva Convention.

Army Lt. Gen. David Barno ordered the probe as top U.S. military commanders
faced congressional scrutiny over the prison abuse scandal in Iraq. Barno said
he would appoint a U.S. general to undertake the Afghanistan review to ensure
that "internationally accepted standards of handling detainees are being met"
and that staffing is adequate to the job.

It is the third investigation announced by U.S. officials in Afghanistan in the
past week. Last week, two investigations were begun into individual complaints
by former detainees.

LEGISLATION RAISES VA HOME LOAN GUARANTEE

Washington

Members of a House committee said they hope to improve homeownership for
veterans facing an increasingly expensive housing market.

The House Veterans Affairs Committee approved bills Wednesday that would
increase from $60,000 to $83,425 the amount of money the federal government is
liable for in the event of a payment default on a home loan.

The current VA home loan guarantee was set in 2001. Lawmakers said the increase
helps bring the amount in line with current home prices. The legislation also
allows the guarantee to automatically increase as home prices rise without need
for additional congressional action.

The bill proceeds to the full House.

Also Wednesday, the committee: approved legislation to eliminate a requirement
that nurses who work for VA have bachelor's degrees; to drop a requirement that
the undersecretary of health be a medical doctor; and to update veterans job
training programs and create new ones.

RADIO SYSTEM AT BASE JAMMING GARAGE DOORS

Eglin Air Force Base,Fla.

A new military radio system is jamming remote-control garage doors in
communities near this Florida Panhandle base.

During testing last week of the $5.5 million two-way radio system at Eglin,
homeowners in Niceville, Valparaiso and the Crestview area reported that their
garage door openers failed to work.

Air Force officials said Tuesday the contractor, Motorola Inc., will try to
minimize the problem. Technicians will run the system at slightly different
frequencies from those used by garage door openers when another test is
conducted Friday through Monday.

"I want my garage door opener to work, too," said Col. Russell F. Miller,
commander of the 96th Communication Group.

Lauren Van Wazer, a spokeswoman for the Federal Communication Commission, said
if the Air Force has been running the system within its licensed frequencies -
the Air Force said it has - then users of garage door openers may have to change
theirs.

NANNIES CALLING FOR DOMESTIC BILL OF RIGHTS

New York

Normally, they watch other people's children, but today many local nannies are
heading to Central Park sans strollers to demand a living wage of at least $14
an hour plus health insurance and fringe benefits.

The event is an attempt to win public support for a "domestic workers bill of
rights" to raise the status and compensation levels of an occupation that
employs about 800,000 women statewide.

The charter of rights is included in a state legislative bill that would mandate
overtime pay, paid holidays and sick leave as well as 12 weeks of time off when
a full-time nanny gives birth or adopts a child.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Heppner Gazette-Times (Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 24, 2013

School children, USDA energize Earth Day

BYLINE: Heppner Gazette-Times staff

LENGTH: 475  words


Over the weekend, USDA Rural Development employees and several partner
organizations gave up their Saturday to celebrate Earth Day with elementary and
middle school-aged children at the Castle Rock farm worker housing complex in
Boardman, Oregon.

Volunteers from Energy Trust of Oregon, CASA of Oregon, Sustainable Agriculture
and Energy (SAGE) Center, Wind Turbine Industries Corporation, and Kardon
Construction joined USDA to lead a variety of interactive educational activities
about energy conservation and renewable energy alternatives.

"This event was a chance for USDA to join our community-based partners and
residents by celebrating environmentally friendly growth and development in
rural areas," said USDA State Director Vicki Walker, who joined in the
activities.

USDA Rural Development provided a $2.4 million loan to the Umatilla County
Housing Authority for the construction of Castle Rock Apartments, which opened
in September of 2012 to provide additional rental options for the many farm and
food processing workers who previously needed to commute long distances between
their jobs and adequate, affordable housing. The facility was constructed to
meet Earth Advantage Gold and LEED Platinum standards, featuring added
insulation to reduce heating and cooling costs, Energy Star appliances, low-flow
faucets and toilets and solar panels.

USDA Rural Development delivers more than 40 progratms that help rural
communities, businesses and residents develop infrastructure, improve housing
availability, and create jobs through a variety of economic development
activities.

"In all of our work, whether it's a new hospital, school, or a business
development, USDA strives to incorporate earth-friendly designs and innovative
energy solutions," Walker said.

In addition to support for rural housing and community facilities, USDA Rural
Development also provides grants and loan guarantees to help agricultural
producers and rural small businesses save energy and install renewables to save
money while reduc-reducing their overall carbon footprint. Last fiscal year,
USDA Rural development supported the installation of more than 1,600 renewable
energy facilities, including wind turbines, small hydropower generators,
geothermal systems, solar arrays, and anaerobic digesters across the country.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $700 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Energy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HGT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Heppner Gazette-Times


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

ADB to provide $40m loans, guarantees to four PCBs

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, March 31 -- The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will provide loans and
guarantees involving US$40 million to four private commercial banks (PCBs) of
Bangladesh to support exporting and importing companies in the country,
including small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). In this connection, the ADB
signed agreements with the four PCBs namely City Bank, Mutual Trust Bank, Pubali
Bank and Southeast Bank the ADB's Bangladesh Resident Mission Office in Dhaka on
Thursday, an ADB press release said. Deputy Country Director of ADB's Bangladesh
Resident Mission Oleg Tonkonojenkov, Acting Managing Director & CEO of City Bank
Faruq M Ahmed, Managing Director of Southeast Bank Shahid Hossain, Managing
Director & CEO of Pubali Bank Md Abdul Halim Chowdhury, Managing Director & CEO
of Mutual Trust Bank Anis A Khan and Head of the ADB's Trade Finance Programme
Steven Beck were present at the agreements signing ceremony. "Under these
agreements, ADB and our Bangladesh bank partners will provide loans and
guarantees to support exporting and importing companies in Bangladesh, including
small and medium-sized enterprises," the press statement said, quoting ADB's
Head of Trade Finance Steven Beck as saying.

"This agreement will help create economic growth and jobs," the ADB's head of
trade finance was also quoted as saying. The City Bank, Mutual Trust Bank and
Pubali Bank are all new banks joining the Trade Finance Programme, while
Southeast Bank-which is already part of the programme-has signed a new agreement
for a funded facility, it mentioned. Speaking on the occasion, the ADB's Trade
Finance Programme Relationship Manager for Bangladesh Edward Faber said
Bangladesh is a very active country under ADB's Trade Finance Programme. ADB's
TFP has had good experiences working with banks in Bangladesh and we are pleased
to be expanding our relationships and coverage here. We look forward to
continuing this trend, he mentioned. The programme has provided more than $2.2
billion in trade finance support in Bangladesh since 2009, through more than
1,400 transactions. With these latest agreements, the total number of banks
under TFP in Bangladesh will reach 15, according to the ADB. Backed by ADB's AAA
credit rating, the Trade Finance Programme provides guarantees and loans to over
200 partner banks to support trade, enabling more companies throughout Asia to
engage in import and export activities. With dedicated trade finance specialists
and a response time of 24 hours, the programme has established itself as a key
partner in the international trade community, providing fast, reliable, and
responsive support to fill gaps in the region's most challenging markets, it
said. Since 2009, the Trade Finance Programme has supported more than 7,000 SMEs
across the region, with about 10,000 transactions valued at over $20 billion, in
sectors ranging from commodities and capital goods, to medical supplies and
consumer goods, said the press statement. smajahangirfe@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 22, 2017

                         HONITON COMMUNITY ACTION TRUST

                               THE KING'S CENTRE
                                 LEES BUILDINGS
                                  HIGH STREET
                                HONITON EX14 4TN


TRADE ADDRESS: Springdale, HONITON EX14 4TN

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 0140446204
URL: www.thecommunitychurchhoniton.org.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08284274

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 7, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Dean Barrow, Accountant
     ·    Nigel Parker, Litigation Manager
     ·    Richard William Napier Kingdon, Facilities Officer Devon & Cor
     ·    Carol Anne Hather, None
     ·    Simon Dicken Bates, Health And Safety Advisor
     ·    Mrs Clara Josephine Rose, Parent Support Advisor


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Social work activities without accommodation
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
88000
88990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 5, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 7, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    -         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                                 -         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                             315         -     5,306
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0       934         0
Other Current Assets                             315       934     5,306
Total Current Assets                             315       934     5,306
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                     315       934     5,306



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  -         -         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  -         -         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -       934         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                    315         0     5,306
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                                315       934     5,306
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -       934         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         -         -         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed         315       934     5,306
Net Worth                315       934     5,306
Working Capital          315       934     5,306
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       -66.27 -94.06      -
Current Assets     -66.27 -94.06      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -66.27 -94.06      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 17,091 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
85320 Social work activities without accommodation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -7.33     1.82    18.11
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.88     1.25    14.58
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -6.01     1.34    11.07
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               62.5   143.75   262.75
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        10.2        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.63     4.76
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,349.0 23,238.6 31,623.2
                                                          6        4        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    13,600 19,249.2 25,290.1
                                                                   2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  22,511.0   34,000   56,000
                                                          4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                     68    55.68    37.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        3
Year -1  9
=        3
Year -2  7
=        8
Year -3  3
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      1         1         1
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright 2017 The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
               Standard & Poor's Corporate Descriptions plus News

                               February 25, 2017

                      Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.

                         1999 K Street, N.W, 4th Floor
                             Washington,  DC 20006
                                      USA


OFFICE- 1999 K Street, N.W, 4th Floor, Washington, DC, USA 20006, Telephone:
202-872-7700, Fax: 800-999-1814, http://www.farmermac.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 202-872-7700

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: AGM.A
CUSIP: 313148

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: 1987
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: USA
EMPLOYEES: 71

ORGANIZED in the U.S. in July 1987.

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *
SUBSIDIARIES:

     ·    Farmer Mac Securities Corporation


* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    Lowell L. Junkins, Chairman
     ·    Myles J. Watts, Vice Chairman
     ·    Timothy L. Buzby, Chief Executive Officer & President
     ·    R. Dale Lynch, Chief Financial Officer, Exec VP & Treasurer
     ·    Stephen P. Mullery, General Counsel, SR VP & Secretary
     ·    John Curtis Covington, SR VP
     ·    Gregory N. Ramsey, Controller
     ·    Nancy E. Corsiglia, Investor Relations Contact


DIRECTORS:

     ·    Dennis L. Brack
     ·    Chester J. Culver
     ·    Richard H. Davidson
     ·    James R. Engebretsen
     ·    Dennis A. Everson
     ·    Sara L. Faivre-Davis
     ·    Douglas A. Felton
     ·    Douglas L. Flory
     ·    Thomas William Hill
     ·    Mitchell A. Johnson
     ·    Lowell L. Junkins
     ·    Clark B. Maxwell
     ·    Bruce J. Sherrick
     ·    Myles J. Watts
     ·    Douglas E. Wilhelm


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

Revision Date: May 16, 2016

   Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation provides a secondary market for
various loans made to borrowers primarily in the United States. It operates
through four segments: Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, Rural Utilities, and
Institutional Credit. The Farm & Ranch segment purchases and retains eligible
mortgage loans that are secured by first liens on agricultural real estate;
securitizes eligible mortgage loans, and guarantees the timely payment of
principal and interest on securities representing interests in or obligations
secured by pools of eligible mortgage loans; and offers long-term standby
purchase commitments on designated eligible mortgage loans. The USDA Guarantees
segment purchases portions of certain agricultural, rural development, business
and industry, and community facilities loans guaranteed by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA). The Rural Utilities segment purchases and
guarantees securities that are backed by eligible rural electric and telephone
loans. The Institutional Credit segment purchases or guarantees general
obligations of lenders that are secured by pools of the types of loans eligible
for purchase under Farm & Ranch, USDA Guarantees, or Rural Utilities lines of
business. This segment also provides advances against eligible loans by
purchasing obligations secured by those loans. Federal Agricultural Mortgage
Corporation was founded in 1987 and is headquqrtered in Washington, District of
Columbia. BACKLOG, : Thous. $
2015.................0 2014.................0 2013.................0 EMPLOYEES-
December 31, 2015, 71.
 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES, Thous. $
2015.................0 2014.................0 2013.................0

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
61 - Nondepository credit institutions
6111 - Federal & fed.-sponsored credit agencies

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * * DEBT: $5,648,752,000
CAPITALIZATION (March 31, 2015)

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
Annual Report- Inc. Acct., Yrs. End. Dec. 31; Thou. $~
                                  2014           2013           2012
REVENUES..............................
Lower of Cost or Fair
 Value Adjustment on
 Loans Held for Sale.................-              -        (5,943)
Investments
 and Cash Equivalents...........17,269         21,940         24,729
Loans...........................94,875         85,059        103,644
Farmer MAC Guaranteed
 Securities and Usda Guaranteed
 Securities....................118,430        128,399        136,297
Gain/loss on
 Trading Securities.............38,629          (819)            307
Gain/loss on Sale of
 Available for Sale Investment
 Securities......................(238)          2,113             18
Other Income.....................1,714          3,057          3,341
Guarantee and Commitment Fees...25,187         26,958         24,963
Gain/loss on Financial
 Derivatives and Hedging
 Activities...................(21,646)         31,764       (19,829)
Gain/loss on
 Sale of Real
 Estate Owned......................137          1,236            878
EXPENSES..............................
Compensation
 & Employees
 Benefits.....................(19,009)       (17,817)       (19,186)
Provision For Loan Losses..........961            481        (3,691)
Provision For Loan Losses........2,205          (929)          1,816
General and Administrative....(12,197)       (11,563)       (11,123)
Regulatory Fees................(2,381)        (2,375)        (2,281)
Real Estate Owned
 Operating Costs,
 Net.............................(110)          (423)          (134)
Total Interest Expense.......(170,720)      (137,276)      (142,690)
Gain/loss on
 the Repurchase
 of Debt.............................-          1,462              -
Earnings before Taxes...........73,106        131,267         91,116
TAXES AND OTHER EXPENSES..............
Provision for Income Tax.......(2,824)       (33,752)       (22,156)
Net Income Attributable to
 Non-controlling Interest -
 Preferred Stock Dividends....(22,192)       (22,187)       (22,187)
Net Income (Loss)...............48,090         75,328         46,773
CHARGES ON NET INCOME.................
Dividends on Preferred Stock...(9,839)        (3,495)        (2,879)
Net Income Available
 to Common Shareholders.........38,251         71,833         43,894
SUPPLEMENTARY INFO....................
Basic EPS -
 Continuing
 Operations.......................3.50           6.64           4.19
Diluted EPS
 - Continuing
 Operations.......................3.37           6.41           3.98
  Bal. Sheet Dec. 31: Thou. $~
   Assets-                                       2014           2013
ASSETS...............................................
Cash and Cash Equivalents...................1,363,387        749,313
Held to Maturity At Amortized Cost..........1,794,620              -
Available-for-sale, At Fair Value...........1,731,222      2,483,147
Available-for-sale, At Fair Value...........1,938,499      5,091,600
Available-for-sale, At Fair Value...........3,659,281      1,553,669
Trading, At Fair Value............................689            928
Trading, At Fair Value.........................40,310         58,344
Financial Derivatives At Fair Value.............4,177         19,718
Loans Held for Investment...................2,833,461      2,570,125
Loans Held for Investment
 in Consolidated Trusts,
 At Amortized Cost............................692,478        629,989
Allowance for Loan Losses.....................(5,864)        (6,866)
Interest Receivables..........................104,550        107,201
Guarantee and Commitment Fees Receivable.......41,786         43,904
Deferred Tax Asset-net.........................33,391         44,045
Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets..............55,413         14,046
Real Estate Owned, Net of Valuation Allowance.....421          2,617
Total Assets...............................14,287,821     13,361,780
LIABILITIES..........................................
Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses..........81,252          9,986
Accrued Interest Payable.......................48,355         53,772
Financial Derivatives..........................84,844         75,708
Due Within One Year.........................7,353,953      7,338,781
Due After One Year..........................5,471,186      5,001,169
Debt Securities of Consolidated
 Trusts Held By
 Third Parties................................424,214        261,760
Minority Interest.............................236,028        241,853
Preferred Stock Redeemable.....................58,333         58,333
Preferred Stock Redeemable.....................73,044              -
Preferred Stock Redeemable.....................73,382              -
Reserve for Losses..............................4,263          6,468
Guarantee and Commitment Obligations...........37,925         39,667
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY.................................
Common Stock - Par Value........................1,031          1,031
Common Stock - Par Value..........................500            500
Common Stock - Par Value........................9,406          9,355
Additional Paid in Capital....................113,559        110,722
Retained Earnings.............................201,013        168,877
Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Income (Loss),
 Net of Tax....................................15,533       (16,202)
Total Shareholders Equity.....................545,801        332,616
Total Liabilities & Shareholders Equity....14,287,821     13,361,780

RECENT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-


COMPUSTAT FOOTNOTES-
Curr. Total Assets 1996 UNCLASSIFIED BALANCE SHEET

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE: NYS (New York Stock Exchange), Boston, Pacific, Philadelphia
NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS: 941
STOCK PRICE:

                          STOCK DATA~
STOCKHOLDERS- March 2, 2015, 941.
DIVIDENDS: Class A Voting Common $1 par: 2005-2008, $0.40;
2009-2011, $0.20; 2012, $0.40; 2013, $0.48; 2014, $0.56.##Class C
Non-Voting Common $1 par: 2005-2008, $0.40; 2009-2011, $0.20; 2013,
$0.40; 2013, $0.48; 2014, $0.56; 2015, $0.64.
Class C Non-Voting Common $1 par: 2015, $0.64.

           STOCK PRICE-
                LISTED-  NYS (Symbol AGM.A), also traded Boston Stock Exchange,
           Pacific Exchange and Philadelphia Stock Exchange:~
           2015...........33.49     22.03        2014...........36.10     26.22
           2013...........37.91     26.38        2012...........34.92     17.59
           2011...........22.93     14.53        2010...........23.89      6.79
           2009...........11.49      2.40        2008...........33.85      2.28
           2007...........36.99     23.73        2006...........31.50     24.05
           2005...........32.47     15.53        2004...........31.90     16.62
           2003...........36.80     20.10        2002...........48.90     20.55
           2001...........46.40     21.81        2000...........23.56     13.12
           @1999..........23.62     15.50
                  @Listed June 18. Aft. 3-for-1 split July 23; bef., 78-37.125.


STOCK PRICE RANGE: 33.49 - 22.03

STOCK OUTSTANDING-                       Auth. Shs.  Outstg. Shs.
Class C Non-Voting Common $1 par.............Unlimited     9,406,392
Class A Voting Common $1 par.................Unlimited    @1,030,780
Class B Voting Common $1 par.................Unlimited      *500,301
6% Non-Cum. Series C Preferred $1,000 par....3,000,000    #3,000,000
5.875% Non- Cum. Series A Preferred $25 par..2,400,000    a2,400,000
6.875% Non-Cum. Series B Preferred $25 par...3,000,000    b3,000,000
  @Held only by banks, insurance companies and other financial
institutions or similar entities that are not institutions of the
Farm Credit System.
  *Held only by institutions of the Farm Credit System.
  #Liquidation preference, $25 per share.
  aLiquidation preference, $25 per share.
  bLiquidation preference, $25 per share.


* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITORS- PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS
TRANSFER AGENT & REGISTRAR- American Stock Transfer & Trust Co.


NEWS TABLE OF CONTENTS-
DATE        TITLE
---------   --------------------------------------------------------
10 Nov 16   November 9, 2016, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for
            the Third Quarter and Nine Months Ended September 30,
            2016
03 Nov 16   November 2, 2016, Farmer Mac Declares fourth Quarter
            2016 Common Stock Dividend, Payable on December 31,
            2016; Declares Preferred Stock Dividend, Payable on
            January 17, 2016
10 Aug 16   August 9, 2016, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for
            the Second Quarter and Six Months Ended June 30, 2016
04 Aug 16   August 3, 2016, Farmer Mac Declares Third Quarter 2016
            Common Stock Dividend, Payable on September 30, 2016 and
            Declares Preferred Stock Dividend, Payable on October
            17, 2016
11 May 16   May 10, 2016, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation
            Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for
            the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2016
11 Mar 16   March 10, 2016, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Reports Consolidated Earnings Results for the Fourth
            Quarter and Full Year Ended December 31, 2015
11 Nov 15   November 9, 2015, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Reports Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the
            Third Quarter and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015
11 Aug 15   August 10, 2015, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for
            the Second Quarter and Six Months Ended June 30, 2015
12 May 15   May 11, 2015, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for
            the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2015; Provides
            Earnings Guidance for the Second Quarter of 2015
17 Mar 15   March 16, 2015, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp.
            Announces Consolidated Earnings Results for the Fourth
            Quarter and Full Year Ended December 31, 2014


LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

New Bill Aims to Expand Bond Use in Enterprise Zones

                            April 16, 1996, Tuesday

By Joan Pryde



Rep. Tom Foglietta says he will introduce legislation today designed to increase
the use of tax-exempt bonds in enterprise zones, both to finance businesses and
to improve infrastructure in the areas.

Under the Pennsylvania Democrat's bill, the Department of Housing and Urban
Development would be authorized to use a combination of loan guarantees, grants,
and a revolving loan fund to finance infrastructure development projects in the
zones.

The loan guarantees "would give cities the ability to borrow funds in the bond
market more cheaply" for those projects, according to a description of the bill
released by Foglietta's office.

In addition, the measure would lift a key restriction on enterprise zone bonds,
which are exempt-facility bonds used to make loans to zone businesses. Under
current law, the amount of such bonds that can be used for any one business is
$20 million. Foglietta's bill would increase that amount to $40 million.

Foglietta's proposed changes, which include a number of other tax benefits,
would apply to all 104 enterprise zones created by Congress in 1993. They
include nine empowerment zones, which already have a wide array of tax benefits,
and 95 enterprise communities, which have few tax benefits other than the
ability to use enterprise zone bonds.

Although he is not a member of the House Ways and Means Committee, which handles
tax issues, Foglietta said he became interested in offering the legislation
because of the empowerment zone located in Philadelphia.

Foglietta said that while the Philadelphia zone and others have had a certain
amount of success in generating economic growth, the additional tax incentives
in his bill are needed to make the zones work better.

Prospects for Foglietta's bill are uncertain at best because tax- related
matters tend not to move through Congress on their own, but as part of a larger
tax package. Recently lobbyists have said that because Congress is preoccupied
with other issues, it is unlikely that tax lawmakers will turn their attention
to passing a tax package this year.

Foglietta's proposal contrasts with one offered by President Clinton as part of
the fiscal 1997 budget plan he presented in March. Clinton's proposal would
create 22 new empowerment zones and 80 enterprise communities. Tax-exempt bonds
issued by the 22 new empowerment zones would be exempt from the private-activity
volume cap and from the $20 million per-business limitation.

In addition, Clinton made some changes to the rules governing bonds for existing
zones. For example, he would lower from 80% to 50% the amount of business income
a bond-financed business would have to derive from activities within the zone.

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 450 words

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Kirkintilloch Herald

                           January 23, 2013 Wednesday

Water tribute - club names boat after local hero

LENGTH: 299  words


A NEW boat for wheelchair users is to be named in memory of a devoted
councillor.

Caurnie Angling Club has purchased a wheelyboat' and built the necessary paths
and a ramp at Antermony Loch, in Milton of Campsie, to enable anglers in
weelchairs to fly-fish for trout.

The boat will be named The Charles Kennedy as a tribute to the dedicated Campsie
and Kirkintilloch North councillor who passed away on July 13 last year after a
long and courageous battle with cancer.

Roger Hughes, secretary of Caurnie Angling Club, said: "Charles was good to the
club and a great support. He said it was a great facility for the community.
Everyone knew him."

The club, in conjunction with the council's Criminal Justice Unit, obtained a
£10,000 grant from the Proceeds of Crime Fund for the project.

Roger added: "To ensure this new facility is fully utilised the club is asking
anyone using a wheelchair who is a fly-fisher or who is interested in taking up
the sport, to contact us for membership details.

"For those who have not fished before or do not have any fishing tackle, the
club can arrange instruction and the loan of equipment.

"We can't guarantee that you will always catch a  trout, but we can guarantee a
good time in beautiful surroundings, on your doorstep."

You can contact Roger by emailing roger.hughes15@ntlworld.com or call 0141 776
7134.

* Have you got a story, picture or comment? E-mail
{mailto:kirkyherald@jnscotland.co.uk | kirkyherald@jnscotland.co.uk | E-mail the
Herald}

Alternatively you can call the newsdesk 0141 775 0040, find us on
{http://www.facebook.com/#!/profile.php?id=100002480919227 | Facebook | Visit
the Herald on Facebook} or visit us on {https://twitter.com/#!/Kirky_Herald |
Twitter | Visit the Herald on Twitter}

Or you can log in below and have you say on the site...

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SFKH


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                               December 29, 2013

Christmas Appeal: The remarkable story of a village transformed - thanks to you:
Six years ago, Katine had the worst living conditions in Uganda. Now with the
help of readers, they have better access to health care, work and education

BYLINE: Liz Ford Katine

SECTION: OBSERVER HOME NEWS PAGES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 986 words


People in the village of Obyarai, in the Katine sub-county of Uganda, were
devastated when a severe storm in October 2011 ripped off the corrugated iron
roofs of two classroom blocks, a store room and an office in its primary school.

The rainwater destroyed desks, benches and textbooks and flooded the buildings.
The school management committee immediately alerted the district education
officer, but members were told there was no money in the budget for any new
building work for two years.

There was little the committee could do except resume classes under the tree in
the centre of the school grounds and in the nearby mud-and-wattle hut where
people meet for church on Sundays. Sitting down with the school's parent-teacher
association (PTA), they wondered how long it would take for the community to
raise money for repairs.

Two years later, new roofs have been fitted and, while there's still some
touching up left to do, school life is returning to normal. "We have all the
materials, and by the beginning of the third school term, work should be
complete," says Moses Eciku, chairman of the PTA.

But the repairs were only possible in this relatively quick timeframe because
the Observer and Barclays bank stepped in to help villagers secure almost 60m
Ugandan shillings (£ 14,640) to pay for materials and labour.

What happened in Obyarai highlights the continuing vulnerability of this rural
sub-county of north-east Uganda, which the Observer has supported since 2007.
That is why this year's Observer Christmas appeal will provide a much needed
financial safety net for the community.

Katine is home to more than 30,000 people. Six years ago it had the worst health
and living conditions in Uganda. It was also recovering from more than two
decades of instability and conflict.

With the support of Observer and Guardian readers and Barclays, two NGOs -
African Medical and Research Foundation (Amref) and Farm Africa - implemented a
development programme in the sub-county to improve healthcare, education and
water and sanitation, as well as empowering villagers to fight for their rights
and improve their livelihoods. Progress was charted on a Guardian website.

Since 2007, significant improvements have been made. The proportion of people
with access to safe drinking water increased from 42% to 93%, thanks to 19 new
boreholes and repairs to existing wells and springs. Solar panels were installed
at the health centre, powering the fridge that keeps vaccines at the correct
temperature, and a laboratory was constructed, allowing HIV and malaria tests to
be conducted locally.

More than 270 people were trained to work in village health teams, offering
basic health advice and services to their communities. More than 7,000 mosquito
nets were distributed. School buildings were built and repaired, and textbooks
and desks were delivered.

PTAs and school management committees were created to help schools operate more
efficiently, along with water source committees to manage boreholes and wells.

Farmers were organised into groups and given training in new techniques. They
were supplied with seed varieties that are resistant to the regular droughts.
And a basic microfinance system - village savings and loans associations - was
set up in each farmers' group, with a committee that would give members access
to cash to develop business ideas or to use in emergencies.

But the achievements made in Katine remain fragile. The district's limited
budgets mean the area is still reliant on support from outside organisations -
NGOs or church groups. The original Katine project was extended from three to
six years as it became clear residents would need longer-term support for the
development work to be sustainable.

One way to address sustainability is to provide a pot of money that can be used
by the community for investments or, in the case of Obyarai school, for use in
times of trouble.

Money raised through the Christmas appeal will pay for a loan guarantee fund at
the local Barclays bank. It will be managed by the Katine Joint Farmers'
Co-operative Society. Made up of local farmers, the group is supported by Farm
Africa, which will train members in business and financial management.

The co-operative was set up to manage the sub-county's produce store, which
opened in 2011. It buys and stores excess crops from farmers, giving them a
ready market for their produce and increasing their profit margins, as it can be
sold in bulk. But the co-operative also provides a savings facility and lends
money to individuals and community groups in Katine, the majority of whom have
no other means of accessing credit. Loans have to be paid back within six months
and interest is charged at 3% a month. Borrowers are assessed for their ability
to pay before loans are agreed.

The co-operative has a loan portfolio of more than 25m shillings, but requests
for loans are increasing and it is unable to meet the demand. The loan guarantee
will allow the co-op to access a low interest, cash-secured overdraft from which
it can source more money to lend locally.

David Ogwang, a Ugandan livelihoods specialist who will be working with Farm
Africa in Katine, said the co-operative was in a key position to support the
community, because it was now obvious that people cannot rely on the state to
provide adequate basic services in this part of Uganda.

"The key issue is improving the income of people so that they are able to access
services," he says. "How can they do that? By contributing towards the cost. If
the co-operative is more able to support groups, the money generated will go
into the community, so people will be able to afford these services."

Captions:

Children in Obyarai are no longer taught under a tree - but most of Katine still
relies on aid. Photograph: Dan Chung for the Observer

The UK government will match-fund all donations to Farm Africa's Katine project
to support a rural scheme in Ethiopia.


LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

New Jersey: GROWTH OF SMALL BUSINESS REMAINS TOP PRIORITY OF STATE

LENGTH: 683  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Department of Economic Development Authority, The State of New Jersey has issued
the following news release:

From a husband-and-wife-owned bed and breakfast in West Cape May to a fast
growing manufacturer in Riverdale, hundreds of small businesses across the State
took advantage of low-cost lending and recovery programs offered by the New
Jersey Economic Development Authority (EDA) in 2014.  These companies, which
benefited from a total of $92 million in financing, expect to create more than
1,170 new jobs.

"The vitality of New Jersey's small business community is intrinsically linked
to the growth of the State's economy," said Tim Lizura, EDA President and COO.
"Through our collaboration with banks and other local, state and federal
partners, the EDA has been able to increase access to capital for small
businesses that want to rebuild, maintain or expand their operations in the
State."

One of the EDA's longest-standing programs for small business is the New Jersey
Business Growth Fund, an exclusive partnership with PNC Bank. Through this
program, eligible small businesses can take advantage of PNC Bank loans of up to
$3 million with a 25 percent or 50 percent EDA guarantee. Funding can be used
for machinery and equipment or real estate. Since the program's inception in
2004, more than 350 projects have been assisted, representing approximately $170
million in loans and $50 million in EDA guarantees.  Today's Board action
extends the partnership for another year.

In 2014, Filan and Conner Plumbing utilized the program to purchase a property
in Berlin for its plumbing and bathroom remodeling business; Tony's Freehold
Grill, a family-owned railcar diner, was able to purchase its location in
downtown Freehold; and metal hose assembly manufacturer Flexline acquired a
building for its operations in Kenilworth.

In addition to the New Jersey Business Growth Fund, the EDA partners with over
40 banks to help lower the cost of borrowing for small businesses. Banks that
have been approved by the EDA for Premier Lender status benefit from faster
turnaround and reduced risk.  The streamlined process involves the EDA approving
finance applications in as early as three to five business days, the result of
which speeds the flow of capital to businesses.  The EDA can participate in up
to 50 percent of a bank loan for fixed assets (up to $2 million) or working
capital (up to $750,000); the maximum guarantee for fixed assets and working
capital is $1.5 million.

Riverdale-based EVS Metal, Inc. is a precision sheet metal fabricator and one of
the fastest growing manufacturing companies in the United States. In addition to
its metal fabrication service, EVS provides machining, finishing, engineering,
logistic and integration services. The company received a loan from JP Morgan
Chase that included an EDA participation to support its operations.

"Fueled by a commitment to service, quality and solutions, EVS Metal is proud to
be recognized for its world class manufacturing processes," said Scott
Berkowitz, President, EVS Metal.  "Our business was launched in New Jersey 20
years ago, and we're thankful for the support of the EDA as we continue to
expand and grow in the State."

Other businesses that benefited last year include Tipico Products Co., a
wholesaler utilizing a TD Bank loan that included an EDA participation to expand
to a larger facility in Lakewood; Custom Labels, Inc., a printing company that
received a loan from Two River Community Bank that included an EDA participation
to acquire a new property in Fairfield; and, Acupuncture & Chiropractic Healing
Arts, which used a Roma Bank loan that included an EDA participation to support
its continued operations in Pennington.

In addition to partnerships with commercial lenders, the EDA provides
below-market rate direct loans that can be used for fixed assets or working
capital.  Eligible businesses can apply for up to $2 million for fixed assets,
or up to $750,000 for working capital.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           October 26, 2013 Saturday

Last-ditch deal keeps Scottish plant alive

BYLINE: STANLEY REED

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1046 words

DATELINE: LONDON

ABSTRACT

In a last-minute settlement with the Unite trade union, the petrochemical
company Ineos decided to rescind its decision to shut down a Scottish plant.

FULL TEXT

One of Scotland's largest manufacturing sites will remain open following a
dramatic settlement of a dispute between the plant's owners and the Unite trade
union that preserves hundreds of jobs and provides the facility with millions of
pounds in government support.

The deal rescinds a decision on Wednesday by the company, the oil and chemical
giant Ineos, to permanently shut the facility's petrochemical plant. It also
secures continued operations for the site's oil refinery, the only one in
Scotland and the source of most of the country's fuel. Ineos, which is privately
owned, shut down operations at both plants this month while workers represented
by Unite considered the company's proposals.

Ineos said in a statement that it would reopen the petrochemical plant ''with
immediate effect'' as well as the refinery. ''This is a victory for common
sense,'' Jim Ratcliffe, the founder and chief executive of Ineos, said in a
statement. ''Grangemouth now has a great future.''

The decision comes as a huge relief in Scotland and particularly in the
Grangemouth area in the country's east, where the complex is the leading
employer. Ineos has about 1,400 employees at the facility, and about half of
those jobs were threatened by the petrochemical plant's closure. But as many as
10,000 jobs were linked directly or indirectly to the plant, said Alysson Black,
a local labor party official who represents Grangemouth on the local council of
Falkirk.

''Ineos is staying open, Hallelujah,'' Ms. Black said in a text message after
hearing the news. Closing the plant ''would decimate the community,'' she said
just before the announcement.

According to the Ineos statement, the union agreed to a three-year period during
which pay would be frozen and employees would agree not to strike, as well as to
changes in the pension plan that would save the company money. The union also
agreed to no longer have full-time representatives on the site. The company has
said that it contributes the equivalent of 65 percent of each worker's salary to
a defined benefit plan that, combined with salary, amounts to £90,000 a year, or
$145,700, for the typical worker. It asked workers to shift to a defined
contribution plan resembling a 401(k) in the United States and offered up to
£15,000 as an incentive for workers to switch.

''This decision is clearly welcome. Relief will ring round the Grangemouth
community,'' said Pat Rafferty, the head of Unite in Scotland. But he said the
deal was ''tinged'' with sadness.

''Decent men and women are being asked to make sacrifices to hold on to their
jobs, but the clear wish of our members is that we work with the company to
implement its proposals,'' he said.

The company says it will stick to its original proposal to invest £300 million
in the plant. Ineos said the Scottish government had agreed to contribute a £9
million grant while the British government tentatively approved £125 million in
loan guarantees.

The deal looks like a victory for Mr. Ratcliffe, who shut the whole facility
Oct. 17 while workers considered his offer and on Wednesday announced that he
would liquidate the petrochemical operation after the union rejected his plan.
That prompted a last-ditch effort by the general secretary of Unite, Len
McLuskey, who appeared to supplant local union leaders in negotiations with the
company. The Scottish and British governments also scrambled to try to head off
the closure of one of Britain's largest manufacturing sites and prevent possibly
thousands of job losses.

Some jobs may still be cut. ''Some reductions will come as we rationalize
production between the different units,'' said Tom Crotty, an Ineos director,
adding that any redundancies were ''not likely to be high and hopefully
voluntary.''

Mr. Ratcliffe, who has built Ineos into one of the world's largest petrochemical
companies in 15 years, has been searching for a way to keep alive a business
that has lost its edge. Grangemouth's petrochemical complex, like others in
northern England and Scotland, was built decades ago to take advantage of North
Sea oil and gas. With North Sea oil and gas production declining, Grangemouth
and other complexes are having difficulty obtaining low-cost raw materials for
plastics production.

It is also finding it tough to compete with petrochemical complexes in the
United States that are cashing in on cheap shale gas. Ineos says it is losing
£10 million a month at Grangemouth, mostly at the petrochemical plant. Ineos can
now make ethylene or raw plastic for half the price in Houston that it can in
Scotland, Mr. Crotty said.

Mr. Ratcliffe's vision is to bring ethane derived from shale gas from the United
States to Grangemouth. But that will require a big investment in specialized
terminals and other equipment. The grant from Scotland and loan guarantee from
Britain will support that effort. He is also planning to make similar
investments to feed an Ineos plant in Norway.

Paul Hodges, who formerly ran a large petrochemical business now operated by
Ineos in Britain, said that what had been ''an incredibly vibrant''
petrochemical industry now needed reinvention and new investment.

''You have got to have a vision,'' said Mr. Hodges, chairman of International
eChem, a London-based industry consulting firm.

Ineos has already lined up long-term supplies of raw material derived from shale
gas brought ''from the Appalachians to Scotland,'' Mr. Crotty said. Alexander
Kemp, a professor of petroleum economics at the University of Aberdeen in
Scotland, said that the Ineos plan had ''clear merits.''

As for the plant's oil refinery, most analysts believed that closure might cause
short-term fuel disruptions but that over time other refineries in Europe with
spare capacity could have stepped in. About 13 of 20 major refineries have
closed in Britain since the early 1970s, but the Scottish government, which is
to vote on independence from Britain next year, was very concerned not to lose
the Ineos refinery.

''Very few governments are prepared to have refineries shut down because that
has enormous implications for energy security,'' Mr. Hodges said.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                December 9, 1992

STATE AID FOR N-PLANT 'BREACHED EC LAW';
Commission 'was not told' of cash for Thorp project

BYLINE: PAUL BROWN, ENVIRONMENT CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN HOME PAGE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 462 words


UNDISCLOSED government subsidies to British Nuclear Fuels (BNFL) of up to 2.5
billion pounds are unlawful under European Community law and mean Thorp, the
controversial new reprocessing plant at Sellafield, was financed partly on
illegal state aid, environment groups claimed yesterday.

Legal opinions by Michael Beloff, QC, to Friends of the Earth and by Greenpeace
lawyers in Britain, Germany and Ireland say the loans, grants and loan
guarantees could not be provided legally without informing the EC Commission,
and this was not done.

Such government backing is deemed state aid under EC law and unless British
Nuclear Fuels can demonstrate it could have obtained equivalent financial
backing from private capital markets. This would be extremely unlikely in view
of the private sector reluctance to invest in the nuclear industry.

The financial subsidies for BNFL have been provided under successive acts of
Parliament, the last being the 1989 Atomic Energy Act. A complaint on unfair
state subsidies has been lodged with the commission. The company was hoping to
commission Thorp, the thermal oxide reprocessing plant, this week but the work
has been stopped while emission licences are considered.

This has lead to speculation that the Government may want to close the plant,
partly because it may be uneconomic and because there are fears of nuclear
proliferation from surplus plutonium.

John Guinness, BNFL chairman, said yesterday that he had made extensive
inquiries in Germany with nuclear power companies who were reported on Monday to
want to cancel contracts with Thorp and had been reassured there were no such
plans. The British Enbassy had reported to him that rumours of cancellation were
not true.

He said that all the German companies had assured him that existing contracts
would be fulfilled.

Mr Guinness told an audience of MPs and peers yesterday that the delay in
commissioning Thorp is costing BNFL 2 million pounds a week. Cancellation of the
project would be a major disaster for the company and the country.

Mr Guinness is pressing for Thorp to be started up as soon as possible and is
fighting a rearguard action to prevent a second inquiry into the need for the
plant. He said an inquiry would cost the company and the taxpayer 100 million
pounds and would be very serious commerically for BNFL, even if the eventual
outcome was an endorsement of Thorp.

It would also lead to job losses. Cancellation would cost Britain 900 million
pounds in lost revenue.

He said reprocessing was a proven technology of dealing with spent nuclear fuel.
Storing the fuel and then directly disposing of it was an untried technology
"posing serious questions of health and safety over thousands of millennia."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            August 07, 2014 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Transnet secures funding from US agency

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 266 words


JOHANNESBURG: Transport utility Transnet has secured a R6 billion funding
guarantee for the locomotives it is buying from General Electric (GE), the
company said yesterday.

"Transnet has secured a R6bn funding guarantee with US export credit agency
US-Exim," it said in a statement. "This is|a massive thumbs-up from the
international investor community, affirming Transnet's creditworthiness and
South Africa's attractiveness as an investment destination."

The guarantee enabled Transnet to raise funds in the markets for the financing
of the GE locomotive transaction, it said. "It allows for Transnet to negotiate
favourable repayment terms, including the tenor and interest rates."

"The required funding will be raised through bank loans supported by the US-Exim
guarantee," it added.

The terms of funding backed by the guarantee will be dependent on a number of
factors, including market conditions, pricing and investor appetite.

"The facility will be drawn over a three-year period, in line with the delivery
schedule for the locomotives. The repayment period is 14 years."

In March, Transnet said it had awarded a R50bn contract to four manufacturers
for the building of 1 064 locomotives.

The contracts were part of its multibillion-rand fleet renewal plan. The
locomotives will be used on the coal line and general freight business of
Transnet Freight Rail.

The contracts were awarded to China's CSR Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive and
Bombardier Transportation to supply 599 electric locomotives, and to GE South
Africa Technologies and CNR Rolling Stock SA to supply 465 diesel locomotives. -
Sapa

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 196

LENGTH: 701  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 196

LENGTH: 701  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 196

LENGTH: 701  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 196

LENGTH: 701  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2014 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                October 7, 2014

                            WIVENHOE COMMUNITY TRUST

                               16 COLCHESTER ROAD
                                    WIVENHOE
                                     ESSEX
                               Colchester CO7 9EU


TRADE ADDRESS: 16, Colchester CO7 9EU

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01206825640

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05551290

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 1, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Peter Martin Hill, It Consultant
     ·    Jacqueline Frances Thomas, Librarian
     ·    Peter Henry Cook, Engineering Consultant


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    JANETTURNER


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92320 - Operation of arts facilities
92510 - Library and archives activities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2012
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2012
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 24, 2013
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 1, 2013
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   2         1         0
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         0         0
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         0         0
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                               0         0    12,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                               0         0    12,000
Total Current Assets                               0         0    12,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                       0         0    12,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   2         1         0
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          0         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0    12,000    12,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0    -12000         0
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                                  0         0    12,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         0         0    12,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           2         1         0
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0    12,000
Net Worth                  0         0    12,000
Working Capital            0         0    12,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,754 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2012)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -5.88     1.17    22.73
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -6.78     0.00     9.66
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -6.60     0.00     9.66
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              51.59   137.17   288.96
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.74     0.00     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.50     1.01     2.25
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,959.5 16,862.5 22,112.6
                                                          4        0        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  32,512.5 50,811.7 76,336.7
                                                          0        6        2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  43.32    33.66    23.46



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                      39
=
Year -2                                      66
=
Year -3                                      62
=

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 0

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 August 7, 2016

                          BEXLEYHEATH COMMUNITY CHURCH

                                       14
                                  GRACE AVENUE
                                  BEXLEYHEATH
                              Bexleyheath DA7 4SA


TRADE ADDRESS: 11 Somersham Road, Bexleyheath DA7 4SA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 02083048273
URL: www.bexleyheathcommunitychurch.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 08134173

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 9, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Robert Charles Thomas, Accounts Director
     ·    Kenneth Sidney Down, Facilities Manager
     ·    Mrs Lucie Anne Martin, Teacher
     ·    Mr Garth Russel Vincer, Manager
     ·    Mrs Shona Kathro Vincer, Secretary
     ·    Mrs Ruth Hood, Classroom Assistant


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrKenneth SidneyDown


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Activities of religious organisations
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
94910

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: July 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: July 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  July 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 24, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  July 9, 2015
CREDIT LIMIT:  22,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                              615,000         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                           615,000         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          84,054    23,860         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  32,275     4,189         -
Other Current Assets                         116,329    28,049         -
Total Current Assets                         116,329    28,049         -
Fixed Assets                                 615,000         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                 731,329    28,049         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                        416       208         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             13,163     2,742         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     13,163     2,742         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     13,579     2,950         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             13,579     2,950         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                717,750    25,099         0
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                            717,750    25,099         -
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                   717,750    25,099         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          777,883    35,764         -
Cost of Sales              0         0         -
Gross Profit         777,883    35,764         -
Operating Profit     692,651    25,099         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit        692,651    25,099         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax     692,651    25,099         -
Dividends Payable          0         0         -
Retained Profits     692,651    25,099         -
Value Added          692,651    25,099         -
Capital Employed     717,750    25,099         0
Net Worth            717,750    25,099         0
Working Capital      102,750    25,099         -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         -
Audit Fees                 0         0         -
Non-audit Fees           940       600         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts   2 Years      3      5
                            Years  Years
                       GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales              2,075.0      -      -
                         4
Pretax             2,659.6      -      -
                         8
Total Assets       2,507.3      0      -
                         3
Current Assets      314.73      -      -
Current             360.31      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed   2,759.6      0      -
                         8
Employee Wages           -      -      -
Number of                -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,646 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
91310 Activities of religious organisations



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -1.9     1.77    16.24
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.11     1.37    13.68
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.19     2.87    16.78
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              20.48    79.47   223.72
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x           0        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   1.25      4.5       15
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,398.2 26,502.0 39,639.2
                                                          1        4        1
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000   18,400   25,250
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  30,609.3 51,652.3 87,052.0
                                                          8        8        8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  46.33     33.2    18.81



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        5
Year -1  9
=        0
Year -2  8
=        2
Year -3  3
=        9

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/07/201 31/07/201 31/07/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                96.5       100         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         94.71     89.48         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              96.5       100         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          89.04     70.18         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          106.37    127.51         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            1.26         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        13.21     70.18         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                8.57      9.51         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  8.57      9.51         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.98      0.89         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         0
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         0
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                      100       100         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                            89.04     70.18         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         0
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 717,750

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Stephen Mathews

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes launched to tap youth potential in KP

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 636

LENGTH: 702  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told APP on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young

people and will continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in
the country's development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            January 31, 2016 Sunday
                                JERSEY-D Edition

On the House: For first-time buyers, rural mortgages worth a look

BYLINE: By Alan J. Heavens; Inquirer Real Estate Writer

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; P-Com Real Estate Residential; Pg. J06

LENGTH: 590 words


Here's a much-belated Christmas present from me to those of you who are
first-time buyers and struggling to come up with a down payment and closing
costs for Home No. 1:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's "rural" mortgage.

This is not my first mention of this kind of mortgage, which, despite its name,
does not require you to have a degree in animal husbandry.

A year ago at Christmas, I wrote about a 25-year-old single first-time buyer,
employed by a software company, who bought a house in Gloucester County.

After considerable research, she settled on a mortgage insured by the USDA,
rather than the Federal Housing Administration loan that many first-time buyers
opt for.

Salvatore L. Bronti is a loan specialist with the New Jersey office of USDA
Rural Development in Mount Laurel. (The agency's Pennsylvania office is in
Harrisburg.)

Bronti said that in regularly reading my column over the years, he has noticed
that the issue of first-time buyers' saving for down payments comes up
frequently.

USDA Rural Development may be able to assist these buyers, he said, as "we offer
a variety of loans, grants, and loan guarantees to build, buy, or improve
single-family properties."

Bronti said rural was something of a misnomer, because eligible properties can
be much closer to big-city markets than one might think.

There's an easy way to find out whether the property you are considering buying
is eligible: Visit eligibility.sc.egov.usda.gov and enter the address.

Under the Rural Housing Service Section 502 Guaranteed Loan Program, low- and
moderate-income borrowers are eligible for 100 percent mortgages with no money
down, he said.

The Guaranteed Housing Program may be used to buy new or used homes and related
facilities.

Under the program, houses may be built on individual parcels or in subdivisions.
All dwellings financed must provide decent, safe, and sanitary housing and be
modest in size, design, and cost.

Existing condominiums may qualify for financial assistance.

Applicants must have adjusted income that is no greater than the moderate-income
limit for their area and be unable to obtain a mortgage from other sources.

A list of approved lenders can be found at www.rd.usda.gov/nj and
www.rd.usda.gov/pa

Rural Development provides a 90 percent loan- note guarantee to approved
lenders, to reduce the risk involved in extending 100 percent loans to eligible
rural-home buyers and those who want to build, rehabilitate, improve, or
relocate a dwelling in an eligible rural area.

The borrower must be the property's owner-occupant, Bronti said.

Credit is an important criteria in the eligibility process, he said.

The Guaranteed Housing Program has a minimum credit score of 640. To apply, you
must have a minimum of three examples of credit on your credit report.

An applicant can qualify for a loan with a debt-to-income ratio of 29 percent
principal, interest, taxes, and insurance, and 41 percent total debt.

Flexibility in ratios can be granted if you qualify, he said.

Loan rates are negotiated between the applicant and lender. However, loan
-repayment terms cannot exceed 30 years.

The lender pays Rural Development a guarantee fee based on a percentage of the
principal amount.

There are fees associated with this loan: a 2.75 percent up-front guarantee fee
and a 0.5 percent annual lender fee, Bronti said.

Closing costs and reasonable and customary expenses associated with the purchase
may be included in the loan if the appraisal permits, he added.

aheavens@phillynews.com

215-854-2472 @alheavens


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: iStockphoto

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                                October 9, 2007

Rock thrown a new lifeline

LENGTH: 780 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Bank of England has caved in to demands to loosen the terms of
its emergency lending facility - extended to the ailing mortgage bank last month
- in the hope of securing a more orderly sale. By Simon Bowers and Phillip
Inman.


The Bank of England has thrown yet another lifeline to Northern Rock by caving
in to demands to loosen the terms of its emergency lending facility - extended
to the ailing mortgage bank last month - in the hope of securing a more orderly
sale .

The U-turn surprised the banking community, which has argued that the Bank of
England's strict lending policy was at least partly to blame for the collapse of
Northern Rock last month.

Bank governor Mervyn King had, until today, maintained that he would not ease
either the penal interest rate or the strict collateral requirements on the
emergency funding facility. This was the price to be paid by a high risk lender
who had run into liquidity problems. Critics have suggested the Bank's hard line
has exacerbated Northern Rock's liquidity woes and put off potential buyers.

The Bank's decision was given added significance at a hearing of the Treasury
select committee on Wednesday when the chairman of the Financial Services
Authority, Sir Callum McCarthy, said he believed Northern Rock was unable to
access liquidity at a crucial point in its survival. He refused to tell the
committee if Mr King turned down attempts to loosen terms in August when it
became apparent Northern Rock was in trouble. He would only say the tripartite
committee of the Bank, FSA and Treasury had turned down the request. An attempt
to loosen the criteria for loans during a bid for Northern Rock was also turned
down by the committee.

But speaking to the Northern Ireland chamber of commerce tonight, Mr King said
the Bank was continuing to take a tough line on lending to banks in order to
"discourage excessive risk-taking".

"That [is something] we have done in each action we have taken - by maintaining
the principle of the penalty rate," he said.

The Bank's decision to relax collateral requirements on Northern Rock was
announced earlier in the day by the Treasury on behalf of the tripartite
committee. It raises the prospect - albeit still remote - of the lender
remaining independent under current management. Most analysts still believe it
will be sold.

Much of Northern Rock's 110bn mortgage loan book remains locked up as collateral
in a string of securitisation fund-raising deals. And, in recent weeks,
remaining available collateral has been required by the Bank in order to secure
11bn in emergency borrowings. This has left management unable to borrow from
other banks. Analysts believe Northern Rock is facing 14bn of funding
obligations in the second half of this year. Next year it must refinance a
further 30bn.

Today the Bank said in a statement: "Revised facilities have been put in place
at the request of Northern Rock. They will allow the company to continue to
pursue the full range of its strategic options." In a further statement,
Northern Rock revealed: "These facilities will enable the company to borrow
through the Bank of England on a secured basis against all its assets."

This relaxation in collateral requirements is expected to see the
Newcastle-based lender transfer all its weaker collateral to cover loans from
the Bank, freeing up stronger collateral to borrow commercially from other
banks.

Citi, which was appointed last week as an adviser to Northern Rock, is believed
to have marshalled between 5bn and 10bn in credit lines for the beleaguered
bank. The funds had been intended to support a potential takeover offer for
Northern Rock, but are now more likely to be used to secure the bank's future
for the rest of the year.

Northern Rock said relaxation of Bank of England lending requirements provided
the breathing space for the beleaguered lender to pursue a through "strategic
review", understood to involve discussions with potential buyers JC Flowers,
Cerberus, Blackstone, Lone Star and Apollo. This will be completed by February
next year.

A slowdown in the sale process will be warmly welcomed by certain shareholder
groups, junior debtholders, the Northern Rock Foundation all of which have
feared their interests were not being served by a rapid disposal plan.

"This is an enormous step forward," said David von Simson, of Europa Partners,
advisers to the Foundation. "We never wanted a shotgun wedding." Many
shareholders hold out hopes that a slower sale process and eased collateral
requirements could once again attract the interest of the larger banks. Lloyds
TSB has twice looked at a takeover of Northern Rock, but has walked away on both
occasions.

Separately, the Treasury today extended its guarantee on Northern Rock deposits
to new savers. It added that an undisclosed fee would be charged in relation to
this guarantee in order to ensure the bank was not given a commercial advantage
over rivals.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright  2007  Guardian Unlimited (© Guardian Newspapers Limited)
                              All rights reserved


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 13, 2017

                  Four County Electric Membership Corporation

                            1822 NC Highway 53 West
                                  Burgaw 28425
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


NCDOC Awards $4.6m Green Business Fund For Renewables And Energy Efficiency
Projects

   Apr 27, 2011

   North Carolina Department of Commerce (NCDOC) has announced that 16 North
Carolina small businesses and organizations will receive awards from the North
Carolina Green Business Fund, totaling $4,580,686.45. These projects will result
in a total of about 35 jobs being created or retained.Keith Crisco, secretary of
NCDOC, said, Encouraging investments in the green economy is a centerpiece of
our job creation strategy. This fast growing industry holds vast potential for
the future and we must continue to support its development in North Carolina.The
fund, created by governor Perdue in 2007, is administered by the North Carolina
Board of Science and Technology. This is the fourth round of grants awarded by
the fund which has given out about $8m in grants. The grants for energy
efficiency and renewable energy projects were funded through the American
Recovery and Reinvestment act via the U.S. Department of Energy State Energy
Program (SEP). Grants were awarded after a competitive review process, including
qualification under federal Department of Energy funding criteria. Project
Descriptions: Butler Farms (Lillington, Harnett County) â[#x20ac]"$373,78 The
Butler Farms project will install a ground mounted biogas-to-energy system at
Butler Farms, a swine farm housing over 7,000 hogs in 10 barns. The lagoons are
two of only six covered swine waste lagoons in North Carolina. This project is
anticipated to generate 3,502 MBTUs of energy annually. Black Farms (Bunnlevel,
Harnett County) - $295,13 Generate electricity from swine waste as a
demonstration project in rural North Carolina. The electricity will be used to
offset energy usage at the farm and excess energy will be sold back to the grid.
This project is anticipated to generate 2,750 MBTUs of energy annually.
Community Development Specialists Incorporated (Asheville, Buncombe County) -
$149,48 Install six small wind turbines and seven small solar thermal
demonstration systems on local food producing farms in the 10 21st Century
communities in western North Carolina, in partnership with Green Brothers Solar,
and provide renewable energy installation training as part of each installation.
The total amount of renewable energy generated by the installations will exceed
28,000kWh annually. Kyma Technologies (Raleigh, Wake County) â[#x20ac]"$427,76
Install a geothermal HVAC system and improve lighting efficiency on a facility
that supplies crystalline gallium nitride (GaN) materials. GaN materials are
needed to support increased electrical efficiency in commercial applications,
including: light emitting diodes (LEDs) and power electronics for power
management in factories, the electric grid, hybrid- and all-electric vehicles,
solar panels, and wind power. These measures will reduce energy usage by a
targeted 30%. Microcell Corporation (Raleigh, Wake County) â[#x20ac]" $484,12
Install 10 1kW fuel cell units with hot water heater/space heater capability at
a variety of North Carolina locations with its partner, North Carolina Electric
Membership Corporation and its member electric cooperatives to replace
inefficient, air polluting, and noisy portable diesel and gas fired generators.
North Carolina State University, Center for Marine Sciences and Tech (Morehead
City, Carteret County) â[#x20ac]" $228,519.00 Install and demonstrate a small
hybrid photovoltaic-wind system to power pumps and heat water for aquaculture
tanks in North Carolina businesses. Projected energy generation is 21,500kWh
annually, which will be used to offset energy usage at the Marine Aquaculture
Research Center facility. Onslow County Farmers Market Inc (Jacksonville, Onslow
County) â[#x20ac]" $24,095.89 Install 30 solar panels on the roof of the
farmer's co-op association and track energy generation. When installed, the
solar panels would produce energy enough to operate 17 fluorescent lights, four
ceilings fans and a proposed cistern pump with which to irrigate the
horticultural garden and a solar power learning exhibit. Storms Farms
(Bladenboro, Bladen County) â[#x20ac]" $500,00 This project will capture methane
from an existing swine farm housing about 4,900 hogs in four barns. Lagoon
covers and a ground mounted biogas-to-energy system will be installed. The power
interconnect equipment will enable the use of the electrical energy on-site and
to sell excess power to the Four County Electric Membership Corporation.
Monitoring instrumentation will allow for real time data collection and web
posting of the energy performance at the project. The energy generated from this
project is expected to exceed 10,000 MBTUs annually. Vestal Farms (Kenansville,
Duplin County) - $369,05 This project will install a ground mounted
biogas-to-energy system at Vestal Farms in Duplin County, which houses a
feeder-to-finish hog farm with over 9,700 hogs. Waste from the hog barns flows
into a two-stage waste treatment lagoon. The first stage of the treatment lagoon
is one of only six covered swine waste lagoons in North Carolina. This project
is anticipated to generate 5,000 MBTUs of energy annually.


USDA Announces Support To Improve Electric Infrastructure And Services In Rural
Communities

   Apr 28, 2010

   The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced that rural communities
in 21 states will benefit from its guaranteed loans to improve electric service
delivery to more than 33,000 customers. The rural utilities service electric
program at the USDA Rural Development will provide the funding. The loans will
help build more than 2,405 miles of new distribution lines and upgrade more than
1,822 miles of existing distribution lines.The investments are part of the Obama
administration's commitment to bring improved infrastructure to rural
communities. The loan guarantees announced total $364.3 million and are part of
USDA Rural Development's annual budgetthey are not funded through the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.Tom Vilsack, secretary of the USDA, said:
"The Obama administration believes that modernized infrastructure is a necessary
part of the foundation for long term economic stability and prosperity in rural
America and this funding will help rural utilities build and upgrade essential
electric infrastructure to help communities thrive. These investments will
improve local service, create jobs and expand economic opportunity in rural
areas." For example, the Navajo Tribal Utility Authority in Fort Defiance,
Arizona, has been selected to receive a $103.1 million loan guarantee to build
600 miles of new distribution lines, 37 miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to 153 miles of existing distribution lines. These investments will
serve 4,982 new and current customers in Arizona, New Mexico and Utah. The Dixie
Electric Power Association in Laurel, Mississippi, has been selected to receive
a $39.7 million loan guarantee to improve electric service delivery to 6,520 new
and current consumers. The utility will use the loan to build 316 miles of
distribution lines and make improvements to 172 miles of existing distribution
lines. Below is the complete list of rural utilities selected to receive a USDA
guaranteed loan. Funding of each loan recipient is contingent upon the recipient
meeting the conditions of the loan agreement. Alabama Clarke-Washington Electric
Membership Corporation - $15,992,000 loan to serve 2,240 new customers, build
114 miles of new distribution lines, and make improvements to 34 miles of
distribution lines. Arizona, New Mexico and Utah Navajo Tribal Utility Authority
- $103,128,000 loan to serve 4,982 new and existing customers, build 600 miles
of new distribution lines and 37 miles of transmission lines, make improvements
to 153 miles of distribution lines and make other system improvements. Georgia
The Little Ocmulgee Electric Membership Corporation - $9,500,000 loan to service
1,782 new customers, build 111 miles of new distribution lines, and improve 263
miles of existing distribution line. Southern Rivers Energy, Inc. - $16,400,000
loan to serve 1,822 new customers, build 168 miles of new distribution lines,
and upgrade 291 miles of existing distribution lines. Iowa Chariton Valley
Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $7,568,000 loan to serve 320 new customers, build
30 miles of new distribution lines and make improvements to 41 miles of existing
distribution lines. Kansas The Sedgwick County Electric Cooperative Association,
Inc. - $6,715,000 guaranteed loan to serve 832 new and existing customers, build
66 miles of new distribution lines and make system improvements to 36 miles of
existing distribution line. Kentucky Jackson Purchase Energy Corporation -
$26,753,000 guaranteed loan to serve $1,474 new and existing consumers, build 83
miles of new distribution lines, and make system improvements to 25 miles of
existing distribution lines. Michigan The Ontonagon County Rural Electrification
Association - $5,000,000 loan to serve 321 customers, build 25 miles of new
distribution lines and improve 50 miles of existing distribution lines.
Minnesota PKM Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $6,250,000 guaranteed loan to serve
149 new customers, build 29 miles of distribution lines and make improvements to
60 miles of existing distribution line. Mississippi Dixie Electric Power
Association - $39,688,000 guaranteed loan to serve 6,520 customers, build 316
miles of distribution lines and make improvements to 172 miles of existing
distribution lines. Missouri New-Mac Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $16,000,000
guaranteed loan to serve 1, 357 customers, build 95 miles of distribution lines
and make improvements to 46 miles of existing distribution lines. Montana, South
Dakota, and Wyoming Southeast Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $3,486,000 guaranteed
loan to serve 72 new customers, build 31 miles of distribution lines, and
upgrade 1 mile of existing distribution line. North Carolina Four County
Electric Membership Corporation - $45,000,000 guaranteed loan to serve 4,265
customers, build 139 miles of distribution lines, 14 miles of transmission lines
and improve 63 miles of distribution and 22 miles of transmission lines. North
Dakota Roughrider Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $4,000,000 loan to build 18 miles
of new distribution, make improvements to 64 miles of distribution lines that
service 205 new customers. South Dakota Lake Region Electric Association, Inc. -
$4,317,000 loan to build 31 miles of new distribution lines and make
improvements to 34 more lines. The project will serve 228 new and current
customers. Kingsbury Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $1,045,000 loan to build 14
miles of new distribution lines and make improvements to 22 and make other
system improvements. The project will serve 64 new customers. Tennessee and
Kentucky Cumberland Electric Membership Corporation - $20,000,000 loan to
provide service to 4,000 new customers and make improvements to 258 miles of
distribution lines. Virginia and West Virginia Shenandoah Valley Electric
Cooperative - $25,000,000 loan to serve 1,977 new customers by building 191
miles of new distribution lines, three miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to 127 miles of distribution lines. Washington Mason County Public
Utility District No 1 - $8,555,000 loan to service 420 new customers, build 14
miles of new distribution lines, two miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to four miles of distribution lines.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             April 12, 2011 Tuesday

Loan default likely: Allied Farmers

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 514 words


Allied Farmers - the embattled owner of the Hanover and United Finance loan
books - said yesterday it was unlikely to be able to repay a $7.5 million loan
to its collapsed finance arm by a July 1 deadline because it was having trouble
selling assets.

A decline in forecast sales to June 30 this year was due to challenging
conditions driven by market saturation of finance company assets, Allied Farmers
said in a statement to the NZX.

The difficulty selling assets has affected Allied Farmers' ability to fully
repay, within the time intended, a loan to subsidiary Allied Nationwide Finance
[ANF], which was put into receivership last August. Allied Farmers said it was
"engaging with the receivers of ANF with a view to resolving any outstanding
issues and future arrangements".

In October Allied Farmers announced it had entered into two loan agreements with
Allied Nationwide Finance.

Existing arrangements were converted into two separate loan facilities with
Allied Nationwide Finance under which Allied Farmers assets were secured by a
composite general security deed.

The first loan facility, initially totalling $8.9 million, was granted to Allied
Farmers Rural and now had an outstanding balance of $7.5 million which is due
for repayment by July 1.

The second loan facility was granted to Allied Farmers. An outstanding balance
of $11.7 million is due for repayment by July 1 next year.

When the loan agreements were made, the Allied Farmers Group's financial
forecasts showed the group would earn enough from asset sales to fully repay the
first loan on time.

"The board has reviewed the forecasts and these indicate it will be difficult to
conclude sufficient realisations by June 30, 2011, in order to fully repay the
balance of the first loan by the due date," the group said.

But some assets would be sold by then, reducing the outstanding balance, the
company said.

Allied Farmers Rural not fully repaying the first loan facility on time would
constitute a default under the Allied Farmers Group's funding arrangements with
Allied Nationwide Finance.

That would be on top of an alleged default in relation to a disputed guarantee
by Allied Farmers, and another in relation to the receivership of Matarangi
Beach Estates, both previously disclosed.

Allied Nationwide Finance had told Allied Farmers it had reserved its position
in relation to those defaults.

Allied Farmers managing director Rob Alloway said the sale of properties at
Jacks Point and Clearwater meant it had been able to reduce debt on those
properties from $13.3 million at the end of last year to $10.4 million now.

Sales contracts that were expected to settle before June 30 would result in
further debt retirement of about $4.7 million.

"Furthermore, we are confident that, in such a strong rural environment, our
rural business will be able to generate solid revenue and growth in some areas,"
Alloway said.

Hanover & United Finance were absorbed into Allied Farmers in a $400 million
deal in December 2009. Allied Farmers, originally a stock and station company,
listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange in 2002.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

KPK Govt plans to launch seven uplift schemes to tap youth potential

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 196

LENGTH: 705  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

In a media interview, an official of Finance Department Monday said that Youth
Marakaz will be established in the existing government buildings on patterns of
universities and colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

KPK Govt plans to launch seven uplift schemes to tap youth potential

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 196

LENGTH: 705  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

In a media interview, an official of Finance Department Monday said that Youth
Marakaz will be established in the existing government buildings on patterns of
universities and colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Aberdeen Evening Express

                           September 10, 2010 Friday

'Great chance to help community'

BYLINE: Charlie Allan

SECTION: SPORT; SOCCER; Scots Premier; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 190 words


THE Dons are also working in partnership with Highland League neighbours Cove
Rangers to build a smaller stadium, with training and community facilities, at
Calder Park.

It will involve Cove selling their existing Allan Park stadium and building a
new 1,000-seater on a site close to where the Dons hope to build their stadium
at Loirston Loch.

Most of the money for the development will come from the sale of Allan Park. But
Dons chairman Stewart Milne and fellow businessman Bert McIntosh, owner of
McIntosh Plant Hire, have agreed to give Cove an undisclosed interest-free loan
to make the move happen.

Dons chief executive Duncan Fraser said: "We are happy to work with Cove because
it's a great opportunity to finally deliver proper training facilities as well
as much-needed community facilities.

"It can also help provide smaller facilities to complement the great Sports
Village facility that already exists."

There is a chance Cove will install an artificial pitch in the new stadium. Dons
boss Mark McGhee isn't a fan of those.

But Duncan said: "Our first team wouldn't play on it and there is no guarantee
our youth sides would either."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EE


                      Copyright 2010 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                      June 18, 2004 Friday, NORTH EDITION

Feds give $6M loan for old plant

BYLINE: Matthew Bruun; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 248 words

DATELINE: FITCHBURG


- The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has given the city a $6
million loan guarantee to help finance the renovation of Putnam Place, the
former home of the General Electric plant, which once employed 600 people.

''This is really something to celebrate,'' U.S. Rep. John W. Olver, D-Amherst,
said in a news release. ''The widespread community support and enthusiasm by
local officials clearly convinced HUD that this was a truly worthwhile endeavor.
This project will be an enormous help to the city's efforts toward economic
development and will help create jobs that will benefit individuals and families
throughout the region.''

Deputy Planning Coordinator Larry Casassa said the city will have to repay the
$6 million loan, but since the money will be borrowed through a federal program
the interest rates will be low.

Underwriters from HUD reviewed the project and agreed with its merits, Mr.
Casassa said. He credited Mr. Olver's office with getting the project
greenlighted this fiscal year.

''The city wants very much to develop the old GE facility and use it as an
economic engine for the in-town area,'' Mr. Casassa said yesterday.

The city will use the loan to rehabilitate the largest of four buildings at the
site, converting it into a mixed-use manufacturing and office facility. The
renovation will include 100,000 square feet of high-bay, heavy-crane
manufacturing space plus 80,000 square feet of office and business incubator
space.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            December 13, 2010 Monday

WB: US$30 Million for Water and Sanitation in 200 Rural Communities in Peru

LENGTH: 634  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Dec. 13 -- The World Bank Board of Directors approved additional
financing worth US$30 million for the National Rural Water and Sanitation
Program (PRONASAR) to expand the coverage and sustainability of water and
sanitation services in rural areas of Peru.

Through this new loan, the World Bank supports the efforts undertaken by
PRONASAR to guarantee that remote communities have access to more and better
water and sanitation services. Moreover, this project will keep promoting the
adoption of good hygiene practices through communications campaigns.

"To date, PRONASAR has managed to build and rehabilitate water and sanitation
systems in 283 rural communities, decisively contributing to an improvement in
the quality of life and health of the most vulnerable populations," said Vanessa
Vereau, General Coordinator of the National Rural Water and Sanitation Program
Management Unit, part of Peru's Ministry of Housing, Construction and
Sanitation.

This additional financing will provide clean water sources to close to 320,000
people in approximately 200 communities, through the expansion and repair of
water supply systems with an emphasis on the creation and training of Management
Committees for Sanitation Services (JASS) to guarantee service sustainability.
New water supplies consist of piping networks with home connections, public
pools, protection of springs, wells or rainwater capture systems, according to
the preferences and possibilities of communities consulted in the process prior
to construction.

"New facilities will be sustainable in the long term through efficient planning
and skilled labor guaranteeing high quality water services, adequate training
for those responsible for operations and expanded education on hygiene. These
investments will contribute to the improvement of quality of life in rural
communities," said Felipe Jaramillo, World Bank Director for Bolivia, Chile,
Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.

The project is composed of three items:

1. Finance the construction, rehabilitation and expansion of rural water and
sanitation systems; provide on-site sanitation solutions, as well as technical
assistance for the establishment of new Management Committees for Sanitation
Services (JASS) and the reinforcement of existing ones to promote education on
hygiene.

2. Provide pilot technical assistance to establish specialized operators, as
well as private or municipal cooperatives, in order to invest in management,
rehabilitation, improvement and expansion of water supply and sanitation
services.

3. Strengthen the capacity of the Vice-Ministry of Sanitation and National
Sanitation Directorate with regards to policies and regulatory functions related
to rural sanitation, support district municipalities' role in monitoring and
controlling services and personnel training, and selected studies, as well as
the establishment and maintenance of a Sectorial Information System.

This operation forms an integral part of a World Bank package that includes
financing, technical assistance, knowledge, and coordination and notification
services, in order to support the government and provide better solutions to the
problem of water service shortages due to the effects of climate change, in an
integral manner.

The total cost of this project is US$50.9 million, US$30 million of which will
be financed by the World Bank and US$20.9 million by the government counterpart.

This investment loan has a variable interest rate (LIBOR), a short, 12-year
maturity period, and includes an 11-year grace period. The finalization of this
project is programmed for December, 2013. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            July 17, 2013 Wednesday

Pakistan: Seven uplift schemes launched to tap youth potential in KP

LENGTH: 739 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, July 17 -- The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven
development schemes for motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on
construction of district youth centres, stipend for jobless and launching of
skill development programme to make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told media on Monday that Youth Marakaz will
be established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities
and colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young

people and will continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in
the country's development, he added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: In Eastern Kentucky, USDA Launches Relending Program to Reduce Rural
Poverty Nationwide

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today unveiled an innovative partnership with
community development organizations from across the country, providing $401
million of Community Facilities program funds to recipients with a track record
of successful programs to help reduce poverty in some of the nation's poorest
and most isolated rural communities. Twenty-six community development
organizations have been approved to draw upon the funding to provide long-term,
low-interest financing to be "re-lent" to local entities to build, acquire,
maintain or renovate essential community facilities. The funds also can be used
for capacity building and to finance essential community services, such as
education, health care and infrastructure.





 Many of the projects will be in some of the nation's poorest rural areas, such
as communities in Appalachia, the colonias along the U.S./Mexico border, and in
the Mississippi Delta region. Long-term poverty disproportionately affects rural
areas. Nearly nine out of 10 counties where 20 percent or more of the population
has lived in poverty for 30 years or more are rural.



 "This effort builds on our commitment to lifting up the economic prospects of
communities that have not benefited from the revitalization of rural America,"
Vilsack said. "By engaging with local and national partners, private-sector
financial institutions and philanthropic organizations, USDA will inject a
game-changing level of investment capital to reduce poverty in targeted rural
areas where the capacity for growth has not been realized. As we have seen with
the Obama Administration's Promise Zone initiative and USDA's StrikeForce
effort, targeted, place-based investments can have a real impact on reducing
poverty. This funding adds another important tool in that fight."



 The financing has two unique features. First, private financial institutions,
including Bank of America and others, will be providing guarantees for a portion
of the loans. Second, the recipient community development organizations, or
"re-lenders," may also have an opportunity to secure grants provided by seven of
the nation's premier philanthropic organizations through a $22 million fund to
assist in managing and capacity building. The Mary Reynolds Babcock Foundation
will manage this grant fund.



 Vilsack made the announcement at Berea College, which has received USDA funding
to help businesses become more energy efficient. Earlier this year, the town of
Berea received a $10 million Community Facilities loan to renovate and expand
the city hall and public safety facilities.



 The town of Berea has played an integral role in USDA's place-based
initiatives. Last year, it was chosen as one of 10 pilot sites for the Rural
Integration Models for Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT)
demonstration project. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of families.



 The project is led by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. The members of this public/private partnership have
selected 10 local and tribal communities and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members
there to provide technical assistance and capacity-building resources to reduce
child poverty. At a White House Rural Forum convened in State College, Pa.,
earlier this week, the partners announced that the AmeriCorps VISTA members will
remain in the 10 communities for a second year.



 USDA expects the financing announced today will serve as a catalyst for
additional investment. Many of the community developers already have established
relationships with other private and philanthropic funders. The ability to
relend money could foster greater leveraging of private and philanthropic
investments in rural communities.



 USDA Rural Development has a $215 billion loan portfolio and offices in every
state in the nation. The agency annually invests $30 billion, on average, in
rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public
safety and health care facilities; invested nearly $13 billion to start or
expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy
homes; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: In Eastern Kentucky, USDA Launches Relending Program to Reduce Rural
Poverty Nationwide

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today unveiled an innovative partnership with
community development organizations from across the country, providing $401
million of Community Facilities program funds to recipients with a track record
of successful programs to help reduce poverty in some of the nation's poorest
and most isolated rural communities. Twenty-six community development
organizations have been approved to draw upon the funding to provide long-term,
low-interest financing to be "re-lent" to local entities to build, acquire,
maintain or renovate essential community facilities. The funds also can be used
for capacity building and to finance essential community services, such as
education, health care and infrastructure.





 Many of the projects will be in some of the nation's poorest rural areas, such
as communities in Appalachia, the colonias along the U.S./Mexico border, and in
the Mississippi Delta region. Long-term poverty disproportionately affects rural
areas. Nearly nine out of 10 counties where 20 percent or more of the population
has lived in poverty for 30 years or more are rural.



 "This effort builds on our commitment to lifting up the economic prospects of
communities that have not benefited from the revitalization of rural America,"
Vilsack said. "By engaging with local and national partners, private-sector
financial institutions and philanthropic organizations, USDA will inject a
game-changing level of investment capital to reduce poverty in targeted rural
areas where the capacity for growth has not been realized. As we have seen with
the Obama Administration's Promise Zone initiative and USDA's StrikeForce
effort, targeted, place-based investments can have a real impact on reducing
poverty. This funding adds another important tool in that fight."



 The financing has two unique features. First, private financial institutions,
including Bank of America and others, will be providing guarantees for a portion
of the loans. Second, the recipient community development organizations, or
"re-lenders," may also have an opportunity to secure grants provided by seven of
the nation's premier philanthropic organizations through a $22 million fund to
assist in managing and capacity building. The Mary Reynolds Babcock Foundation
will manage this grant fund.



 Vilsack made the announcement at Berea College, which has received USDA funding
to help businesses become more energy efficient. Earlier this year, the town of
Berea received a $10 million Community Facilities loan to renovate and expand
the city hall and public safety facilities.



 The town of Berea has played an integral role in USDA's place-based
initiatives. Last year, it was chosen as one of 10 pilot sites for the Rural
Integration Models for Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT)
demonstration project. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of families.



 The project is led by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. The members of this public/private partnership have
selected 10 local and tribal communities and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members
there to provide technical assistance and capacity-building resources to reduce
child poverty. At a White House Rural Forum convened in State College, Pa.,
earlier this week, the partners announced that the AmeriCorps VISTA members will
remain in the 10 communities for a second year.



 USDA expects the financing announced today will serve as a catalyst for
additional investment. Many of the community developers already have established
relationships with other private and philanthropic funders. The ability to
relend money could foster greater leveraging of private and philanthropic
investments in rural communities.



 USDA Rural Development has a $215 billion loan portfolio and offices in every
state in the nation. The agency annually invests $30 billion, on average, in
rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public
safety and health care facilities; invested nearly $13 billion to start or
expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy
homes; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Clinton Herald (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

Leaders support loan for improvements to city's hotel

BYLINE: Amy Kent, Clinton Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 620 words


July 10--FULTON, Ill. -- As activation of the Thomson Correctional Center in
Thomson, Illinois, continues to gain momentum, local communities are preparing
for the influx of residents and visitors they have been promised for more than
12 years.

One way the city of Fulton is doing that is by supporting necessary upgrades and
improvements to their one and only lodging facility, the Comfort Inn and Suites.

That support came in the form of a $75,000 loan extension to the hotel's
management company, Swift Hospitality Group, and two local investors that the
council approved on Monday.

Approval on the loan extension was the product of City Administrator Ed Cannon
and Second Ward Alderman Dan Nederhoff's recommendation that the city do
something to aid in the hotel's improvement because of the benefits it will
present to the city when people start to arrive at the Thomson prison.

"The Bureau of Prisons' recommendations as far as room occupancy once the prison
is up and running (is) 250 overnight visitors a day related to that prison,"
Cannon said. "And, Swift Hospitality feels that Comfort Inn and Suites would be
the first hotel fit based on its location, its name brand and the access of
where people like to go to get to the prison, until other hotels are in place."

Before issuing the recommendation however, Nederhoff wanted to ensure Swift
Hospitality, Fulton Comfort Inn and Suites management company, and two local
investors were willing to commit to the city a guarantee of repayment.

To do so, he, and Cannon met last week with three members of Swift Hospitality
along with the two local investors to discuss the details of the request.

What they finalized includes the $75,000 addition to two other loans the city
has provided to the hotel in its 10-year existence, bringing the total loan
amount to $248,692; a reduction in the interest rate of the loan to one percent
for three years; and a balloon payment of $25,000 that Fulton Lodging LLC will
pay at the end of three years.

But none of that would have happened, said Nederhoff, without signed guarantees
from three investors on 54.54 percent of the $75,000 extension.

"With any loan you always ask the corporation to personally guarantee it, that's
just the standard procedure," said Nederhoff, whose expertise as Milledgeville
State Bank president was utilized by the Fulton City Council. "I just felt, if
we're going to give them money we've got to have something here. Give them
something, give us something back."

First Ward Alderman Howard VanZuiden provided the only no in a 7-1 vote on
Monday, questioning what use Swift Hospitality would have for the $75,000,
adding that they would need a greater funding amount to accomplish the
renovations they are planning for.

"What good, in a corporation of that size is, $75,000 going to do -- $75,000 to
them is spending money, $75,000 is a drop in the bucket," VanZuiden said.

Fulton Mayor Larry Russell agreed the requested amount was a drop in the bucket,
but responded by saying the hotel wanted to use the loan extension to kick start
their own efforts to increase revenue and try to find a way back into profitable
territory.

He also said that the hotel's upgrade plans were not as extensive as originally
thought, and that some sprucing up is all it needs to bring it back to the level
they want.

"They're close to making the cash flow but they need to get over the hump
somehow to get some basic improvements into the place," Russell said. "Some
things are not being kept up to snuff. It's still a very nice motel but it
doesn't look like a new motel."

___ (c)2014 the Clinton Herald (Clinton, Iowa) Visit the Clinton Herald
(Clinton, Iowa) at clintonherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140710-XI-Leaders-support-loan
-for-improvements-to-city-s-hotel-0710-20140710

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XI


                         Copyright 2014 Clinton Herald


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                  December 27, 2001 Thursday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Algoma faces crucible amid sectoral woes: Loan-guarantee lifeline will help
steelmaker, but survival is far from certain: Steel industry in turmoil

BYLINE: Peter Brieger;pbrieger@nationalpost.com

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST: NEWS; Pg. FP3, Analysis

LENGTH: 801 words


When employees of Algoma Steel Inc. voted in favour of the company's latest
survival plan on Friday, they helped avert a potentially disastrous scenario for
the city of Sault Ste. Marie, Ont.

But even though stakeholders in the 100-year-old firm struck an agreement,
Algoma has a long way to go, some observers say. 'Until you actually see the
[restructuring] plan in action, we really have no idea if it's going to be
viable,' says one analyst who spoke on the condition of anonymity.

Indeed, the northern Ontario steelmaker faces more than just the pain of
adjusting to a new austerity plan, which is scheduled to begin next month.

Record low steel prices and slackening demand have thrown the industry into
turmoil; more than two dozen U.S. steelmakers have applied for bankruptcy
protection in the last few years.

Into this shaky landscape, a new Algoma is scheduled to emerge from creditor
protection -- for the second time in little more than a decade.

The company's latest lifeline comes after more than eight months of wrangling
between union negotiators and the steelmaker's creditors, in particular a New
York-based bondholder group that was owed more than US$600-million.

After rejecting two previous blueprints, the debtholders agreed to take 75% of
Algoma's new equity and US$125-million in debt. Other creditor groups --
including company pensioners and the city of Sault Ste. Marie, which waived
almost $4-million in overdue taxes owed by Algoma -- gave their thumbs up to the
plan.

Meanwhile, a majority of the company's 3,900 employees reluctantly agreed to
temporary pay cuts, reduced vacation and a 20% ownership stake in the company --
down from 25% before the restructuring.

About $20-million of the cost savings is supposed to be returned to employees in
2004 and 2005.

The plan will also see 350 positions lost through early retirements. However,
union leaders say more than double that number of employees may opt for a
pension, clearing the way for a new round of hiring in the next few years.

While the United Steelworkers of America isn't thrilled about the deal, a 'no'
vote would almost certainly have sent Algoma into receivership and put thousands
out of work.

'They want their jobs and they want to save their community,' says Hap Stephen,
the company's chief restructuring officer.

Uncertainty over Algoma isn't new to residents of the Sault, who watched their
biggest employer face collapse in the early 1990s. At the time, community
leaders warned that the steelmaker's closure would bring wide-scale job losses
and economic disaster after Dofasco Inc. wrote off its ill-fated investment in
the company.

Protected by the Companies Creditors' Arrangement Act, Algoma hatched a
restructuring plan that was backed by $110-million worth of provincial
government loan guarantees.

The steelmaker's fortunes eventually improved and Algoma turned a profit by the
mid-Nineties.

To keep pace with a changing market, company executives later approved
construction of a state-of-the-art mill that was supposed to generate high
quality product for less money. The $400-million complex was financed through
the sale of shares and hundreds of millions of dollars worth of long-term debt,
which carried an annual interest rate of more than 12%.

However, Algoma's new facility was hampered by higher-than-expected project
costs and delays meeting target capacity.

Adding to the pain, steel prices began to fall and demand trailed off, just as
the new mill reached full production.

Costly debt combined with declining orders forced layoffs and generated a stream
of quarterly losses for the steelmaker, which applied for bankruptcy protection
in April.

While Queen's Park remained uneasy about committing itself to Algoma's survival
this time around, the government did agree to guarantee pensions under the plan.

Meanwhile, details concerning $50-million in federal government loan guarantees
are being finalized.

Union and company officials worried that without sufficient bank financing --
backed by the federal government -- Algoma would face a debilitating cash crunch
once its creditor protection was lifted.

Few analysts want to speak on the record about Algoma's chances.

But, off the record, some say that while loan guarantees and cost-cutting
measures may go a long way to securing Algoma's short-term survival, the
company's ability to prosper in a highly competitive and uncertain sector is far
from certain.

'This is the second time in a decade that Algoma has applied for [creditor]
protection in difficult markets,' Patrick LeSage, chief justice of the Ontario
Superior Court, said recently.

'Everyone will have to do their maximum to make sure Algoma survives and is able
to withstand temporary adversity.'

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Bill Howe, National Post / Few analysts want to
speak on the record about Algoma's chances.

TYPE: Business; Analysis; Column

                    Copyright 2001 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: USDA Highlights Relending Program to Reduce Rural Poverty in
Coachella Valley

LENGTH: 642  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Raul Ruiz has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Under Secretary Lisa
Mensah and U.S. Representative Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) highlighted an innovative
public-private partnership today resulting in $32 million of Community
Facilities Relending Program funds to two California organizations, Rural
Community Assistance Corporation (RCAC) and Arcata Economic Development
Corporation. These organizations will use the long-term, low-interest financing
to target investments in the state's most underserved and isolated rural
communities to help build or improve essential community facilities and services
such as education, health care and infrastructure.





 "This effort has the power to transform some of America's poorest rural areas
into economically thriving and competitive places to live and work," Mensah
said. "It complements other poverty-fighting tools the Obama Administration has
developed like the Promise Zone initiative and USDA's StrikeForce by engaging
with private, philanthropic, and financial institutions to implement place-based
investment strategies."



 Mensah made the announcement at Galilee Center, which has received a total of
$246,000 in USDA Rural Development funding to help expand services including
their food distribution program and comfort station to low income families and
agriculture workers in the Eastern Coachella Valley.



 "I am proud to announce a $32 million investment by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture in California rural areas through the Community Facilities Relending
Program," said Ruiz. "As a physician, I know that community programs deliver
essential care and services to underserved populations that need them most. This
investment will give rural areas, like our valley, better access to critical
community development, health care, infrastructure, and educational and economic
opportunities."



 This new financing program has two unique features. First, private financial
institutions, including Bank of America and others, will be providing guarantees
for a portion of the loans. Second, the recipient community development
organizations, or "re-lenders," may also have an opportunity to secure grants
provided by seven of the nation's premier philanthropic organizations through a
$22 million fund to assist in managing and capacity building. The Mary Reynolds
Babcock Foundation will manage this grant fund. A complete list of recipients
was announced by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack last week.



 In addition to today's announcement, Mensah and RCAC will tour housing and
infrastructure projects under development in the Coachella Valley, as well as
meet with local stakeholders to discuss challenges and opportunities in the
region.



 USDA Rural Development California has a $6.9 billion loan portfolio and 18
offices throughout the state. The agency annually invests $1 billion, on
average, in California's rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD) has funded nearly 9,200 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; invested
nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped
1.1 million rural residents buy homes; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. USDA also has
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/results. To read more about
USDA 's investments in rural America and its successful turnaround, visit USDA's
entry on Medium.com , Rural America Is Back in Business.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Washington: USDA Highlights Relending Program to Reduce Rural Poverty in
Coachella Valley

LENGTH: 642  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Raul Ruiz has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Under Secretary Lisa
Mensah and U.S. Representative Raul Ruiz, M.D. (CA-36) highlighted an innovative
public-private partnership today resulting in $32 million of Community
Facilities Relending Program funds to two California organizations, Rural
Community Assistance Corporation (RCAC) and Arcata Economic Development
Corporation. These organizations will use the long-term, low-interest financing
to target investments in the state's most underserved and isolated rural
communities to help build or improve essential community facilities and services
such as education, health care and infrastructure.





 "This effort has the power to transform some of America's poorest rural areas
into economically thriving and competitive places to live and work," Mensah
said. "It complements other poverty-fighting tools the Obama Administration has
developed like the Promise Zone initiative and USDA's StrikeForce by engaging
with private, philanthropic, and financial institutions to implement place-based
investment strategies."



 Mensah made the announcement at Galilee Center, which has received a total of
$246,000 in USDA Rural Development funding to help expand services including
their food distribution program and comfort station to low income families and
agriculture workers in the Eastern Coachella Valley.



 "I am proud to announce a $32 million investment by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture in California rural areas through the Community Facilities Relending
Program," said Ruiz. "As a physician, I know that community programs deliver
essential care and services to underserved populations that need them most. This
investment will give rural areas, like our valley, better access to critical
community development, health care, infrastructure, and educational and economic
opportunities."



 This new financing program has two unique features. First, private financial
institutions, including Bank of America and others, will be providing guarantees
for a portion of the loans. Second, the recipient community development
organizations, or "re-lenders," may also have an opportunity to secure grants
provided by seven of the nation's premier philanthropic organizations through a
$22 million fund to assist in managing and capacity building. The Mary Reynolds
Babcock Foundation will manage this grant fund. A complete list of recipients
was announced by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack last week.



 In addition to today's announcement, Mensah and RCAC will tour housing and
infrastructure projects under development in the Coachella Valley, as well as
meet with local stakeholders to discuss challenges and opportunities in the
region.



 USDA Rural Development California has a $6.9 billion loan portfolio and 18
offices throughout the state. The agency annually invests $1 billion, on
average, in California's rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD) has funded nearly 9,200 community
facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities; invested
nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural businesses; helped
1.1 million rural residents buy homes; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses. USDA also has
invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural
residents. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/results. To read more about
USDA 's investments in rural America and its successful turnaround, visit USDA's
entry on Medium.com , Rural America Is Back in Business.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Turkey's business community welcomes investment package

LENGTH: 717 words


Features

archive

ANKARA

Turkish business community representatives have heaped praise on government's
recently-announced investment program for the country's eastern and southeastern
parts.

Apart from building hospitals, homes, infrastructure, logistics and education
worth near 10 billion Turkish liras ($3.4 billion), the government also plans to
provide huge incentives to new real sector investments in the region in the form
of free of charge factory sites, zero interest machinery loans and guarantee of
purchases, pushing the overall size of the package to $140 billion.

Top business groups have said they would consider these regions for their new
investments following the announcement of "East and Southeast Investment Support
Action".

Bulent Eczacibasi, head of the Eczacibasi Holding, which operates mainly in the
healthcare sector, said the main goal of the support program was to achieve
Turkey's two significant and essential targets: new jobs and more investments.

"We wish eastern and southeastern Anatolia come into the spotlight for economic
progress from now on," Eczacibasi said.

"As investments and newly-created jobs increase, our economy will also grow. As
our economy grows, our country will also continue its sustainable development,"
he added.

The total amount of planned investments would reach $140 billion and annual new
employment from them is estimated to hit 40,000, given the size of commitment of
government, Eczacibasi noted.

He pointed out the investment support program had also the potential to provide
a leverage effect in eliminating the welfare inequality between the country's
western and eastern provinces.

"All these actions will give the east and southeast regions a chance to attract
new and different investments in time," Eczacibasi said. "Eastern and
southeastern provinces will undoubtedly be in the scope of our new investment
plans."

Ahmet Nazif Zorlu, chief executive officer of Zorlu Holding, said he might
consider carrying his company's production facilities to the east and southeast
in the middle-to-long term.

"Such a huge investment package is a very good step. The district will be an
attraction center. When the district's economy improves, terrorism will vanish.
There is no terrorism in Europe as they have a strong economy. We have to do so
too," Zorlu said.

"Investment worth of $140 billion is being mentioned. When terrorism is
annihilated, more investment would come to the region. More attractive the
district becomes, more investment from all over the world comes," he added.

Hamdi Akin, chairman of the executive board of Akfen Holding, pointed out the
package was different from others and added that this package would encourage
companies, including his to move to the east and southeast of Turkey since it
offered a guarantee of purchase.

"This package is not like others introduced in the last 10 years. It is a more
radical and more applicable package. Profile of investors should be selected
very carefully. Income earned from this district has to be spent on new
investments and growth, not on counter-terrorism," Akin said.

Ali Kibar, chairman of Kibar Holding, also welcomed the package but said those
resources should not be wasted with investors who had no experience or a good
track record.

"If investors do not have a grasp of the sector, they should be guided and
offered knowledge. Investors should be selected among whom are successful in
their field in order to provide permanent employment in the region," Kibar said.

"Lack of job opportunities in the region is one of the reasons of terror. We
also are willing to invest in the region," he added.

Kadooglu Group head Tarkan Kadooglu said the approach seen in this package was
the way they wanted to see in public-private sector cooperation regarding
investments.

"The state giving investors a site for factories free of charge and establishing
them are very important issues. Also, we see zero interest loans for machinery
purchases as very positive. Above all non-existence of marketing worries is
vital," Kadooglu said.

Kadoglu also noted the new package might reverse the migration flow in the
region as it would bring abundance of job opportunities to people seeking jobs.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/148/400/40/147320003418.jpg

Turkey's business community welcomes investment package

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2016 Andolu Ajansi
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              July 2, 2010 Friday

CDFI Fund Releases Public Comments Submitted for the Capital Magnet Fund

LENGTH: 259  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 02 -- The U.S. Department of the Treasury's Community Development
Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund) announced today that it has posted the
comments submitted in response to its Request for Public Comment related to the
Capital Magnet Fund, according to a press release issued here.

The Capital Magnet Fund was established through the Housing and Economic
Recovery Act of 2008, which added Section 1339 of the Federal Housing
Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (the Act), 12 U.S.C.
4569. Section 1339 established the Capital Magnet Fund as a program that will be
administered by the CDFI Fund.

Through the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF), the CDFI Fund will provide competitively
awarded grants to CDFIs and qualified nonprofit housing organizations. CMF
awards can be used to finance affordable housing activities as well as related
economic development activities and community service facilities. Awardees will
be able to utilize financing tools such as loan loss reserves, loan funds,
risk-sharing loans, and loan guarantees to produce eligible activities whose
aggregate costs are at least ten times the size of the award amount.

The Federal Register Request for Public Comment notice, published on March 15,
2010, specifically invited comments and suggestions regarding the Capital Magnet
Fund.

The results of the Request for Public Comment appear belo Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday

CDFI Fund Releases Public Comments Submitted for the Capital Magnet Fund

LENGTH: 259  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 01 -- The U.S. Department of the Treasury's Community Development
Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund) announced today that it has posted the
comments submitted in response to its Request for Public Comment related to the
Capital Magnet Fund, according to a press release issued here.

The Capital Magnet Fund was established through the Housing and Economic
Recovery Act of 2008, which added Section 1339 of the Federal Housing
Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (the Act), 12 U.S.C.
4569. Section 1339 established the Capital Magnet Fund as a program that will be
administered by the CDFI Fund.

Through the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF), the CDFI Fund will provide competitively
awarded grants to CDFIs and qualified nonprofit housing organizations. CMF
awards can be used to finance affordable housing activities as well as related
economic development activities and community service facilities. Awardees will
be able to utilize financing tools such as loan loss reserves, loan funds,
risk-sharing loans, and loan guarantees to produce eligible activities whose
aggregate costs are at least ten times the size of the award amount.

The Federal Register Request for Public Comment notice, published on March 15,
2010, specifically invited comments and suggestions regarding the Capital Magnet
Fund.

The results of the Request for Public Comment appear below Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               February 13, 1993

Credito Italiano to lead way in export credit facility deal

BYLINE: By KENNETH KO

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 337 words


FIVE banks led by Credito Italiano have granted a US$ 31.86 million export
credit facility to the China Petrochemical International Company in Beijing.

The facility, with a fixed interest rate of 6.96 per cent, has a term of 14
years, including a four-year draw-down period. The syndication was signed in
Beijing.

The export credit, to be disbursed by the People's Construction Bank of China,
will finance 85 per cent of the value of the contract for the purchase of a
styrene monomer plant from Italy.

The plant, which will be relocated to Maoming, Guangdong province, has a
production capacity of 100,000 tonnes of styrene.

The contract is a key component of the huge 300,000-tonne Guangdong Maoming
Ethylene Complex comprising several Italian supply contracts totalling more than
$ 1.5 billion. It is the largest in southern China to date.

The styrene monomer plant will be imported from Milan-based Snamprogetti.

The export credit carries the 95 per cent insurance guarantee of the Italian
Government Export Credit Insurance Agency and the provision of interest
"make-up" subsidy from the state lending window Mediocredito Centrale.

Aside from arranger and agent Credito Italiano, banks in the syndicate include
Monte Dei Paschi Di Siena, Societe Generale, Barclays Bank and Banque Indosuez.

Credito Italiano has increased its exposure to China in the past two years, and
is now an active player in financing exports to the mainland.

Mr Massimo Scatarzi, chief manager of Credito Italiano, said it would continue
to play an active role in arranging Italian export credits to help to promote
the rapidly growing two-way trade between China and Italy.

Italy ranked as China's second largest trade partner in value terms among
European Community countries last year.

Last July, Credito Italiano arranged a similar $ 81.4 million Italian syndicated
export credit and a $ 34 million direct loan to the Bank of China to finance a
major ethylene plant project in Puyang, Henan province.


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1993 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Pittsburgh NB's $6 Mil. Plan Enabled Glass Workers to Reopen Area Plant

                           February 25, 1980, Monday

Special to the American Banker

DATELINE: PITTSBURGH


"It was one hell of a project to be involved in!" said Peter H. Zerega, vice
president in Pittsburgh National Bank's branch commercial loan administration
department.  Mr. Zerega was referring to a multifaceted $6 million financial
arrangement which enabled former employees of a Pittsburgh-area glass plant to
re-open the plant last month after it had been closed by its parent firm more
than a year ago.

"Our plan was going on at a time when there was a lot of action in Congress to
back employee stock ownership plans or ESOPs.  We were there at the right time,"
Mr. Zerega continued.

Not only did Pittsburgh National itself lend $3.5 million to the project, but it
also was instrumental in directing the negotiations from which the new firm,
Jeannette Sheet Glass Corp., finally emerged.  The loan is 90% guaranteed.

Primary agents in the network of loans, besides Pittsburgh National are the
employee-owners, the Greater Greensburg Industrial Development Corp., the
original owner of the plant - ASG Industries of Kingsport, Tennessee, the
Pennsylvania Industrial Development Authority, and the Federal Economic
Development Administration.

Following the closing of the American Sheet Glass Co.'s Plant No. 2 in
Jeannette, Pa., in the winter of 1978, when no potential buyers were interested
in purchasing the 35-acre facility and its worn-out furnace, its former
employees formed a steering committee to investigate the possibility of
purchasing it.

"At that time," remarked Edward W. Persichetti, Pittsburgh National's district
manager for Westmoreland County and vice president of its office in Jeannette, a
city of 16,000 residents, "they were dealing with Philadelphia National Bank.
They'd been steered there by an early consultant.  We felt, 'Why don't we get
into this?' We thought it would be a real challenge to us to try to keep an
important industry alive in our town.  They were reaching, looking for any help
they could get.  We approached them.  We said, 'You get a feasibility study.
Here's what we'll do.'"
Can Pay Back

Financed by a $15,000 direct grant from the State of Pennsylvania and carried
out by an accounting firm, Main Lafrentz and Co., the feasibility study showed
that the organization, if revitalized, would be able to repay over $3 million in
five years and that the proposed re-opening was "very operationally profitable."
These observations were based on the last years of operation prior to the
closing, and suggested that with new equipment and organization, the "costs
could be cut almost 40%," Mr. Zerega recounted.  "This was critical in proving
to PIDA that we had a responsible tenant to take over."

Mr. Persichetti and Mr. Zerega then presented their case to Pittsburgh
National's senior loan committee, which approved the proposed loans with the
provision that the state and Federal guarantees also be granted.

The two vice presidents and their consultants prepared grant proposals and
coordinated a series of negotiations with the other parties.

"Our involvement was done very quitely," Mr. Persichetti commented.  "It's hard
to say how much time we spent on it."

Mr. Zerega remarked, "I spent at least a day a week from April to August, then
back to October.  It took a lot more than a normal deal.  We spent at least one
weekend a month on it.

But the results of their efforts were positive.  Pittsburgh National obtained a
90% EDA guarantee and loaned the new corporation $2.8 million dollars for plant
renovation and working capital.

Pittsburgh National also structured loans of $2,000 for each of the individual
employees needing capital to buy into the plan.

Under the employee stock ownership plan, each employee pledged to buy $2,000
worth of stock at $100 per share to accumulate $6.8 thousand as equity capital.
The ESOP is administered by Pittsburgh National as an employee retirement trust
fund.

"We put together close to 300 loans," Mr. Persichetti reported.  "They couldn't
be granted on just a blanket basis.  We had to qualify each of the people
individually.  We'd have them in every 15 minutes.  These are established
people.  They have good credit."

PIDA loaned $7.2 thousand at 5% toward the purchase price.  Under the terms of
the PIDA loan, GGIDC bought the land and plant for $1.4 million and will lease
it back to the new corporation.  Ownership will revert to the corporation when
the loan is paid off.

American Sheet Glass took a $600,000 dollar note in partial payment for the
facility.

In addition, General Glass Importers of New Rochelle, N.Y. signed a five-year
contract to buy 85% of the plant's output.  That company also supplied a $1.2
million dollar letter of credit.
160 Rebuild Furnace

Terms of the Pittsburgh National loan were set at five years at a fixed rate of
13%.

"We held the rate because it seemed integral to the financial projections," said
Mr. Zerega.  "Last May nobody thought interest rates would go as high as they
have." During the first three months, only interest is to be repaid and the
principal amortized in the remaining months.

Since Dec. 3, when the doors reopened, 160 worker-owners have been on the job
rebuilding the $1.8 million furnace, cleaning reservoirs, checking safety
equipment, rebuilding machinery, and reparing the roof.  A staff of
approximately 350 will be on duty when the "light-off" ceremony planned for
March will mark the plant's return to the sheet glass business.  It is one of
only two producers of vertically drawn sheet glass in the country.

What has the project meant for Pittsburgh National?  It has afforded it a chance
to provide a significant community service, community good will, and an
opportunity to gain experience in structuring ESOPs, say Mr. Persichetti and Mr.
Zerega.  Not only did it save an industry and 350 jobs, but it also avoided the
negative consequences that such losses would have brought to the social and
economic life of the community.

"A lot of people have come in to do business with us and stated it's because of
our interest in the community," remarked Mr. Persichetti.  "A lot of workers
that never dealt with us are dealing with us now.  This sort of thing is one of
your basic responsibilities to a community."

According to Mr. Zerega, "A bank like ours looks for a productive loan.  We see
this as a very productive loan in terms of employing people.  This has probably
been one of the most productive loans we've ever made.  If you get involved with
a $10 million loan to U.S. Steel for a plant in Gary, Indiana, what does it
return to your bank except the prime rate?"

SECTION: Personal Interest; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1096 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1980 American Banker, Inc.


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 20, 1986, Thursday, Final Edition

Miller Seeks Quick Sales of U.S. Loans;
Budget Chief Says New Policy Would Clarify Value of Subsidies

BYLINE: Judith Havemann, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A10

LENGTH: 693 words


Budget Director James C. Miller III proposed yesterday that the government play
a game of hot potato with its new loans, selling them to private investors
almost as fast as it makes them.

"I believe our decision-making over loans and loan guarantees would be improved
and our management of loan operations would become more efficient if we would
alter the present scheme to require agencies to sell loans to the private sector
immediately after they were made," Miller said in a speech to Citizens for a
Sound Economy, a conservative group.

Among other benefits, he said, such a policy would clarify the true value of
government subsidies: "The difference between [the sale price] and the [amount
of the loan] would be a measure of the subsidy now inherent in direct loan
programs." Miller said the value of direct and guaranteed loan subsidies in
fiscal 1985 was estimated at about $ 16 billion.

Office of Management and Budget spokesman Edwin L. Dale Jr. said immediate loan
sales are "quite likely to be in the budget" that OMB is preparing for fiscal
1988.

The government plans to lend $ 33.8 billion this year to borrowers ranging from
American farmers to foreign governments, and to guarantee another $ 115 billion
in loans made by private banks, according to the Congressional Budget Office.

Dale said the budget will not call for the sale of "anything like" all the
government's new loans next year.

According to wire service accounts, Miller departed from the prepared text of
his speech to say that in searching for reductions in the fiscal 1988 budget, he
may recommend cuts in farm subsidies.

"I have grave reservations about the political survivability of the present farm
program," Miller said. "It has cost more than we expected and doesn't seem to be
effective."

Miller did not specify what cutbacks might be included, but said he was "taking
a look to see what kind of changes we can propose."

About his proposal for loan sales, Miller said, "You'll hear screams that we are
holding a fire sale and that we are in collusion with Wall Street." But he said
the loan sale plan "would cause agencies to do a better job in their lending
practices."

Miller also proposed in his speech that agencies be required to buy insurance to
protect the government against default on loan guarantees. The entire cost of
this "comparable guarantee" would show up in the budget the year the guarantee
was made.

Loan-sale proposals similiar to that made by Miller yesterday have failed to
gain congressional approval during the past two years. The idea could not be
implemented without legislation.

Joseph R. Wright Jr., deputy director of OMB, said some government loan programs
would likely be exempt from sales -- many direct loans to farmers, for example,
and loans to foreign governments to buy U.S. weapons.

The government already plans to sell $ 7.4 billion in outstanding loans this
year to reap $ 4.8 billion in deficit reduction, Wright said.

But the difference between a given loan's face value and its expected sale price
has caused critics to question whether the government wasn't selling its
long-term assets for a short-term gain against the budget deficit, and why the
government doesn't simply do a better job of collecting loans itself.

Wright said that federal employes don't have the same tools or incentives for
collection as private industry, and referred to the administration's
philosophical preferences, asking, "Why compete with the private sector?"

Wright said he did not have figures on the government's loan delinquency rate in
the 1970s, but that in 1981-82, "delinquencies went up by 40 percent."
Currently, he said, the overall delinquency rate has been growing by about 14 to
15 percent a year. "By definition, the government is going to have a higher
delinquency rate in some programs because it is a lender of last resort."

Vance Clark, administrator of the Farmers Home Administration, said that 70
percent of $ 6.8 billion in direct loans to farmers have been delinquent for
three years or more. By contrast, the FmHA community facilities loan portfolio
has a default rate of 0.1 percent.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                               February 13, 2014

Govt's Housing for All Plausible [opinion]

BYLINE: Pardon Gotora

LENGTH: 1417 words


Government's commitment to the provision of decent and affordable housing to the
people of Zimbabwe is unequivocal. I stand by my belief. I have witnessed it
first hand during my tenure of employment which is nearing a decade in the
system.

I have learnt a lot during this period through experience, literature, exchange
programmes, seminars and workshops, discussions with colleagues and superiors. I
have also learnt from the patrons that we interact with on a daily basis.

In my previous article titled "Govt to house civil servants" published in this
paper on last week, I applauded the exertions by the Government and the workers
representatives to improve the conditions of service for the civil servants.

Other than salary increases, they agreed on leveraging land for civil service
housing.

However, from a dissimilar dimension, it would appear as if the Government was
not doing anything with regards civil service housing.

It seems as if, had it not been for the salary negotiations, Government was not
going to address civil service housing.

My feedback platform was inundated with questions on why the government was not
addressing the issue of civil service housing, yet they are among the low-income
earners in the country.

Others were asking some specific projects and programmes where civil servants
benefited and the selection criteria used.

I tried to respond to some of the questions one by one on email, but I find it
prudent to make public some of the rejoinders that I made.

These were mainly founded on the programmes and projects that have benefited the
civil servants, though they might not be getting due recognition nor making the
intended impact due to the magnitude of the housing demand challenge.

The point I should make henceforth is that, Government does not cater solely for
civil servants as far as housing provision is concerned. Unlike in salaries
where they pay only civil servants, when it comes to housing provision, they
cater for every citizen, civil servants included. Any infrastructure developed
by Government, be they roads, schools, information communication technology,
hospitals or dip tanks, they are beneficial to the public, including civil
servants.

Hence, the arguments put forward by some readers that Government should only
concentrate on civil service housing and leave the rest to the private sector
and community-based organisations do not hold water.

To begin with, Government revitalised a civil service housing micro-finance
scheme known as Civil Service Housing Loan Fund (CSHLF) administered by the
Ministry of Local Government, Public Works and National Housing.

The loan attracts an interest rate of 5 percent per annum and repaid over a
maximum period of 10 years.

The purpose of the loan includes, but not limited to, purchase of stand or
house, house construction and house extension.

For one to be eligible for this loan, she/he should have been serving for a
minimum period of 2 years inclusive.

The funding comes from Treasury through the annual budgetary allocations
pronounced by the Honourable Minister of Finance and Economic Development at the
end of each year.

The Ministry of Local Government, Public Works and National Housing chair an
inter-ministerial committee that decides on the equitable allocations to
specific ministries and Government departments depending on their establishment.

This means that, those ministries or departments that have huge establishments
get a bigger chunk while those with smaller establishments get a smaller chunk
commensurate with their staff.

The Ministry of Local Government, Public Works and National Housing advise the
respective ministries on their allocations, and attach copies of the loan
application and loan agreement forms.

The respective ministries will then invite their members of staff to submit
application forms from which they will select deserving members and recommend to
the Ministry of Local Government.

The Ministry of Local Government will verify the forms and process payment into
individual accounts. The selection of beneficiaries is not done by the Ministry
of Local Government; serve for their own members of staff, but the respective
ministries and departments.

The amounts allocated depend on the individual's ability to repay as proved by
the attached current payslip.

To date over 7000 civil servants have benefited from this facility.

It is Government policy that whenever it allocates land to a local authority,
land developer or housing cooperative, 10 percent of the serviced stands should
be retained as Government commonage for its own use.

This 10 percent is remitted free of charge to Government through the State Land
Office.

In most cases this commonage is allocated to civil servants for housing. Stands
are allocated on leasehold, but with option to purchase.

The value of the stand is pegged at 20 percent of the market value for the high
density, 30 percent of the market value for medium density and market value for
low density stands. Although I do not have figures to support this argument, a
lot of civil servants have benefited from this programme since independence in
1980. Then there are instances where the Government either serviced stands or
built houses or flats for sale to the public through the Department of National
Housing in the Ministry of Local Government, Public Works and National Housing.

They reserve 20 percent of the serviced stands or completed flats for sale to
civil servants. For instance, Willowvale Flats in Harare and Mbizo 22 high
density stands in Kwekwe, the 20 percent reserve for allocation to civil
servants had terms and conditions that were different from those of the members
of the public. They attracted a lesser deposit compared to the public and the
repayment period was relatively extended to allow civil servants to afford the
instalments.

Some readers asked why the prices for the stands sold by the State Land Office
differ from those sold by the Department of National Housing, with the latter
being somewhat "expensive" yet it is the same Government.

The answer is simple. The State Land Office receives the 10 percent remittance
free of charge from the local authority, developer or investor. No costs are
incurred save for the cost of land because urban land is sold and there are
other administrative issues to be addressed such as processing of lease
agreements and title deeds. Thus the price of stands is cheaper. Yet the
Department of National Housing invests in the development of the stands from
planning, surveying, engineering designing to the actual servicing of the stands
or construction of houses or flats to completion.

The money expended in these investments needs to be recovered to revolve the
funds.

The sinking funds will then be used to fund other projects in that cycle.

For instance the National Housing Development Loan Facility (NHDLF) and the
National Housing Fund (NHF) operate using this modus operandi.

There is also a Special Purpose Vehicle known as the Housing Guarantee Fund
(HGF) which is beneficial to both civil servants and non-civil servants.

The only challenge currently is that the fund is under-capitalised and the
building societies are not issuing mortgages, instead they have adopted the
micro-finance mechanism of up to 10 years for the "special" ones.

This is how it operates.

The fund is used by government to guarantee those who wish to borrow mortgages
from building societies - though most of them are now merging with banks.

The Government would guarantee 100 percent for civil servants and 90percent for
non-civil servants.

For instance, if a civil servant wants to buy a house for $20 000 for argument's
sake, the Government will guarantee the full amount and no deposit will be
required.

But for the non-civil servant, he/she will be expected to raise at least 10
percent of the value, that is $2 000 and the Government will guarantee the
remaining 90 percent.

Again, no figures but a lot of people benefited from this facility before the
adoption of the multi-currency system.

Therefore, it will be naïve to argue that government was not doing anything to
address civil service housing.

In my view, all that is required is to improve on the information management
system and create efficient and effective databases of all the programmes and
projects and the beneficiaries.

This will assist in reducing double or multiple dipping on future projects meant
for civil servants.

Pardon Gotora writes in his personal capacity.

Feedback please feel free to email on pardygotaz@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Kentish Gazette

                                  May 3, 2012

Community groups can now apply for loans from council

LENGTH: 355  words


by Hayley Robinson

favershamnews@thekmgroup.co.uk

LOANS are being offered by Swale council to groups, organisations or individuals
to fund work that will benefit the community.

A total of £250,000 is being made available through the Swale local loan fund.

It will be used to support voluntary community or not-for-profit organisations
and town and parish councils in the borough to help them manage and deliver
local services and facilities.

There are three types of loans available: small - £1,000 to £5,000, medium -
£5,000 to £20,000 and large - £20,000 to £50,000.

Organisations can apply for more than one loan but up to a maximum of £50,000.

The council will want to see a business plan, at least a year's worth of audited
accounts, a reference from the bank plus details of the surety or guarantees.

New organisations unable to meet the requirements would have to provide a
capital asset or equivalent for the loan to be issued against.

Cabinet members agreed to set up the loan fund when they met at Swale House, in
East Street, Sittingbourne, last Wednesday.

It will run until March 31, 2013.

Subject to a review of year one a further £250,000 will be made available from
April 1, 2013 to March 31, 2014.

It's hoped the loans will complement Kent County Council's Kent Big Society Fund
which provides loan financing to support existing and newly created social
enterprises that benefit the local community.

Swale council spokesman Mark James said: "Until now many people have found that
their good ideas have been overlooked and they have little opportunity to get on
and tackle problems in the way they want.

"Voluntary and community groups often find that their potential contribution is
neglected, when, in fact, they carry out some of the most innovative and
effective work in public services, and we should be encouraging them to get more
involved.

"As a result, the council wants to work with town and parish councils, social
enterprises, volunteers, and community groups who are full of bright ideas for
improving local services.

"Establishing a local loan fund contributes to this commitment."

* For information visit www.swale.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Kent Messenger Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request

LENGTH: 703  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington:a Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utility Service Submission for OMB Review;
Comment Request December 16, 2015. The Department of Agriculture has submitted
the following information collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) for review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995,
Public Law 104-13. Comments regarding (a) whether the collection of [[Page
79558]] information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of
the agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b)
the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility and
clarity of the information to be collected; (d) ways to minimize the burden of
the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the
use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology should be
addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory
Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, New Executive Office Building,
725--17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit
their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received within 30 days of this notification. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720-8681. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Utilities Service Title:
Request for Approval to Sell Capital Assets. OMB Control Number: 0572-0020.
Summary of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a credit agency of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). It makes mortgage loans and loan
guarantees to finance electric, telecommunications, and water and waste
facilities in rural areas. In addition to providing loans and loan guarantees,
one of RUS' main objectives is to safeguard loan security until the loan is
repaid. Accordingly, RUS manages loan programs in accordance with the Rural
Electrification Act of 1936, 7 U.S.C. 901 et.seq., as amended, (RE ACT) and as
prescribed by Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Circular A- 129, Policies
for Federal Credit Programs and Non-Tax Receivables, which states that agencies
must, based on a review of a loan application, determine that an applicant
complies with statutory, regulatory, and administrative eligibility requirements
for loan assistance. Need and Use of the Information: RUS borrower will use form
369, Request for Approval to Sell Capital Assets, to seek agency permission to
sell some of its assets. The form is used to collect detailed information
regarding the proposed sale of a portion of the borrowers systems. RUS will
collect information to determine whether or not the agency should approve a sale
and also to keep track of what property exists to secure the loan. If the
information in Form 369 is not collected when capital assets are sold, the
capital assets securing the Government's loans could be liquidated and the
Government's security either eliminated entirely or diluted to an undesirable
level. Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions; Business or
other for-profit. Number of Respondents: 5. Frequency of Responses:
Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion. Total Burden Hours: 15. Charlene Parker,
Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2015-32169 Filed
12-21-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request

LENGTH: 703  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington:a Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utility Service Submission for OMB Review;
Comment Request December 16, 2015. The Department of Agriculture has submitted
the following information collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) for review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995,
Public Law 104-13. Comments regarding (a) whether the collection of [[Page
79558]] information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of
the agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b)
the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility and
clarity of the information to be collected; (d) ways to minimize the burden of
the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the
use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology should be
addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory
Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, New Executive Office Building,
725--17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit
their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received within 30 days of this notification. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720-8681. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Utilities Service Title:
Request for Approval to Sell Capital Assets. OMB Control Number: 0572-0020.
Summary of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a credit agency of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). It makes mortgage loans and loan
guarantees to finance electric, telecommunications, and water and waste
facilities in rural areas. In addition to providing loans and loan guarantees,
one of RUS' main objectives is to safeguard loan security until the loan is
repaid. Accordingly, RUS manages loan programs in accordance with the Rural
Electrification Act of 1936, 7 U.S.C. 901 et.seq., as amended, (RE ACT) and as
prescribed by Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Circular A- 129, Policies
for Federal Credit Programs and Non-Tax Receivables, which states that agencies
must, based on a review of a loan application, determine that an applicant
complies with statutory, regulatory, and administrative eligibility requirements
for loan assistance. Need and Use of the Information: RUS borrower will use form
369, Request for Approval to Sell Capital Assets, to seek agency permission to
sell some of its assets. The form is used to collect detailed information
regarding the proposed sale of a portion of the borrowers systems. RUS will
collect information to determine whether or not the agency should approve a sale
and also to keep track of what property exists to secure the loan. If the
information in Form 369 is not collected when capital assets are sold, the
capital assets securing the Government's loans could be liquidated and the
Government's security either eliminated entirely or diluted to an undesirable
level. Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions; Business or
other for-profit. Number of Respondents: 5. Frequency of Responses:
Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion. Total Burden Hours: 15. Charlene Parker,
Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2015-32169 Filed
12-21-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 10, 1990, Wednesday, Final Edition

Japan's Premier, in Berlin, Offers Loans to E. Europe

BYLINE: Marc Fisher, Washington Post Foreign Service

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 706 words

DATELINE: BONN, Jan. 9


Japanese Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu, standing only blocks from what he called
Berlin's "wall of horror and hatred," announced today loans of $ 500 million
each to Hungary and Poland to help them join the free market. The loans are to
be at commercial rates.

At the start of a 10-day tour of Europe, Kaifu sought to impress upon West
German officials that Japan is ready to step out of its traditional emphasis on
Asia and use its economic might -- and its political influence -- to foster
change in the crumbling Soviet Bloc. At home, Kaifu's trip is widely perceived
as an attempt to improve his difficult political situation.

After telling West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl in Bonn that it is up to
Western Europe, Japan and the United States to shape a new world order, Kaifu
flew to West Berlin to speak at the building that was the embassy of Japan when
it and Germany led the Axis assault on much of the world.

"Japan learned from Europe the values of freedom and democracy," Kaifu said. "It
is incumbent upon us, the industrialized democracies, not to fall into
complacency for having made the correct choice for freedom, democracy and the
market economy," but to encourage change in Eastern Europe.

The first use of the Japanese money was announced today in Budapest, where
Suzuki, the Japanese auto company, said it will become Hungary's first car
maker. Together with another Japanese company, a Hungarian group and a branch of
the World Bank, Suzuki plans a $ 140 million plant to produce 15,000 small cars
a year beginning in 1992. About $ 50 million of the cost of the plant is to come
from the Japan's aid program.

Hungary has a four-year waiting list for cars, which until now have been
imported from Eastern Bloc countries. The new plant is to make autos for sale
throughout Europe.

Despite doubts among some domestic opponents about the wisdom of spending money
on the reconstruction of Eastern Europe, Kaifu said Japan will contribute $ 150
million to the international Polish Stabilization Fund, $ 25 million in
emergency food aid to Poland and $ 25 million in technical assistance for Poland
and Hungary. The $ 150 million for Poland had been announced previously.

The $ 1 billion in loans announced for Hungary and Poland is to come from
Japan's Export-Import Bank to help finance the transition from communism to a
market economy. Loan guarantees to guarantee Japanese investments are to be
provided for both countries.

Last month in Brussels, 24 countries including the United States, Japan and
European Community members approved an overall $ 1 billion aid package for
Poland that included U.S. pledges of $ 200 million in grant aid and a $ 200
million "bridge loan."

"The many incidents that have occurred in East Europe in 1989 will go down in
history as the greatest events that have happened in the second half of the 20th
century," Kaifu said in Berlin. "The history of mankind moves forward with the
courage to correct past mistakes."

Japan's aid so far is limited to Hungary and Poland. Aid to East Germany,
Czechoslovakia and Bulgaria "could come later" if those governments move firmly
toward a free-market system, said Shigeo Takenaka, Kaifu's spokesman. "But
unless there is a firm commitment to transform those economies and their
political systems, money could be wasted."

Kaifu will also visit France, Italy, the Vatican, Britain, Hungary and Poland --
several of them for only a few hours. He hopes to strengthen ties with the
European Community and urge Western powers to continue their aid to developing
Asian countries even as Eastern Europe dominates diplomatic attention.

In a two-hour session with Kohl, Kaifu endorsed the chancellor's plan for German
unification, stressing that a single German state should come as part of the
creation of an integrated Europe.

Kohl welcomed Kaifu's aid to Eastern Europe but told the prime minister at lunch
that Japan should open its markets to more West German products. "Only then can
our trade rise to a level corresponding to the high level of development of our
economies," Kohl said.

Last year, the value of Japanese goods imported by West Germany was more than
twice as high as that of West German goods sent to Japan.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JAPAN'S PRIME MINISTER KAIFU SEES WALL WITH W. BERLIN MAYOR
WALTER MOMPER. REUTER; PHOTO, AP

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 10, 1990, Wednesday, Final Edition

Japan's Premier, in Berlin, Offers Loans to E. Europe

BYLINE: Marc Fisher, Washington Post Foreign Service

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 706 words

DATELINE: BONN, Jan. 9


Japanese Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu, standing only blocks from what he called
Berlin's "wall of horror and hatred," announced today loans of $ 500 million
each to Hungary and Poland to help them join the free market. The loans are to
be at commercial rates.

At the start of a 10-day tour of Europe, Kaifu sought to impress upon West
German officials that Japan is ready to step out of its traditional emphasis on
Asia and use its economic might -- and its political influence -- to foster
change in the crumbling Soviet Bloc. At home, Kaifu's trip is widely perceived
as an attempt to improve his difficult political situation.

After telling West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl in Bonn that it is up to
Western Europe, Japan and the United States to shape a new world order, Kaifu
flew to West Berlin to speak at the building that was the embassy of Japan when
it and Germany led the Axis assault on much of the world.

"Japan learned from Europe the values of freedom and democracy," Kaifu said. "It
is incumbent upon us, the industrialized democracies, not to fall into
complacency for having made the correct choice for freedom, democracy and the
market economy," but to encourage change in Eastern Europe.

The first use of the Japanese money was announced today in Budapest, where
Suzuki, the Japanese auto company, said it will become Hungary's first car
maker. Together with another Japanese company, a Hungarian group and a branch of
the World Bank, Suzuki plans a $ 140 million plant to produce 15,000 small cars
a year beginning in 1992. About $ 50 million of the cost of the plant is to come
from the Japan's aid program.

Hungary has a four-year waiting list for cars, which until now have been
imported from Eastern Bloc countries. The new plant is to make autos for sale
throughout Europe.

Despite doubts among some domestic opponents about the wisdom of spending money
on the reconstruction of Eastern Europe, Kaifu said Japan will contribute $ 150
million to the international Polish Stabilization Fund, $ 25 million in
emergency food aid to Poland and $ 25 million in technical assistance for Poland
and Hungary. The $ 150 million for Poland had been announced previously.

The $ 1 billion in loans announced for Hungary and Poland is to come from
Japan's Export-Import Bank to help finance the transition from communism to a
market economy. Loan guarantees to guarantee Japanese investments are to be
provided for both countries.

Last month in Brussels, 24 countries including the United States, Japan and
European Community members approved an overall $ 1 billion aid package for
Poland that included U.S. pledges of $ 200 million in grant aid and a $ 200
million "bridge loan."

"The many incidents that have occurred in East Europe in 1989 will go down in
history as the greatest events that have happened in the second half of the 20th
century," Kaifu said in Berlin. "The history of mankind moves forward with the
courage to correct past mistakes."

Japan's aid so far is limited to Hungary and Poland. Aid to East Germany,
Czechoslovakia and Bulgaria "could come later" if those governments move firmly
toward a free-market system, said Shigeo Takenaka, Kaifu's spokesman. "But
unless there is a firm commitment to transform those economies and their
political systems, money could be wasted."

Kaifu will also visit France, Italy, the Vatican, Britain, Hungary and Poland --
several of them for only a few hours. He hopes to strengthen ties with the
European Community and urge Western powers to continue their aid to developing
Asian countries even as Eastern Europe dominates diplomatic attention.

In a two-hour session with Kohl, Kaifu endorsed the chancellor's plan for German
unification, stressing that a single German state should come as part of the
creation of an integrated Europe.

Kohl welcomed Kaifu's aid to Eastern Europe but told the prime minister at lunch
that Japan should open its markets to more West German products. "Only then can
our trade rise to a level corresponding to the high level of development of our
economies," Kohl said.

Last year, the value of Japanese goods imported by West Germany was more than
twice as high as that of West German goods sent to Japan.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JAPAN'S PRIME MINISTER KAIFU SEES WALL WITH W. BERLIN MAYOR
WALTER MOMPER. REUTER; PHOTO, AP

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             March 21, 2006 Tuesday

6 programs started to teach nurses

BYLINE: Bill Zlatos

LENGTH: 319 words


The Pennsylvania Higher Education Foundation has started six programs to teach
the next generation of nurses.

Because of a lack of qualified faculty, the state's nursing schools have been
forced to turn away applicants -- contributing to the nursing shortage in
Pennsylvania.

The Harrisburg-based foundation and the Leadership Council of the Pennsylvania
Center for Health Careers hopes these programs encourage nurses to return to
school, get graduate degrees and teach future nurses:

The Nurse Educator Loan Forgiveness Program forgives up to $50,000 of qualified
loan debt if the applicant works three to five years as a new nurse educator at
an approved Pennsylvania postsecondary nursing school.

The Graduate Nurse Education Grant Program gives scholarship money to graduate
nursing schools in the state. The money will be used to increase enrollment and
improve retention of students pursuing graduate degrees in nursing.

The Nurse Faculty Lines Program gives nonprofit nursing schools in the state
money to help pay for nursing facilities.

Supplemental Funding for Practical Nursing Programs allows Pennsylvania schools
to get additional scholarship money for their practical nursing students.

The Interim Student Loan Guarantee Program provides alternative loans to new
nursing schools, those trying to reopen and nursing schools providing
accelerated programs.

The Dr. McKenzie Scholarships for Disadvantaged Students still are being
developed. The awards are named in honor of the late Edna McKenzie, an educator
who served on the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency Board and the
foundation's board.

The foundation and the council will discuss the initiatives during a meeting at
3 p.m. today at the Boyce Campus of the Community College of Allegheny County,
595 Beatty Road, Monroeville.

For more information, call the foundation's office at 717-720-3961 or visit
www.FuturesInNursing.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              April 8, 2013 Monday

Applications sought to promote rural economy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 631 words


WASHINGTON - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced Monday that
applications are being accepted from qualified non-profit and public
organizations (intermediaries) to provide loans to support rural businesses and
community development groups.

Funding, which is intended to spark business expansion and create jobs, will be
made available through USDA's Intermediary Relending Program. The announcement
is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural economy.

"This program is a part of the Obama Administration's ongoing effort to leverage
private investments with public funds to create jobs and expand economic
opportunity for rural entrepreneurs," Vilsack said. "Intermediaries serve as a
critical component to boosting local economies."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "This program has
been successful in leveraging private investments with public funds and expand
economic opportunity for rural entrepreneurs," Brunner said. "These loans will
continue to help small rural businesses grow, and create jobs."

Brunner is referring to a $400,000 loan that was made to the New Mexico Loan
Fund last fall which is using the funding to target ag-producers and small
businesses to fund renewable energy systems in communities such as Raton and in
Roswell. The rest of the funds will be used to provide sustainability to small
businesses in numerous small towns throughout the state.

The IRP is USDA Rural Development's primary program for capitalizing revolving
loan funds. USDA lends money to economic development intermediaries (nonprofits
and public bodies) who in turn re-lend the funds as commercial loans to rural
businesses (ultimate recipients) that might not otherwise be able to obtain such
financing. The repayment of the ultimate recipients' loans allows the
intermediary to continue to make more loans to new recipients, supporting
sustainable economic development. Since President Obama took office, the program
has created or saved an estimated 20,000 jobs.

Funds are used to assist with financing business and economic development
activity to create or retain jobs in disadvantaged and remote communities.
Intermediaries are encouraged to work with state and regional representatives
and in partnership with other public and private organizations that can provide
complimentary resources.

The USDA says that President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about
"historic investment and resulted in stronger rural communities."Under the
president's leadership, they say, the investments in housing, community
facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America to
continue leading the way by strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has an active portfolio of
more than $172 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

The USDA says it has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as USDA implements sequestration, the across-the-board budget
reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already
undertaken efforts since 2009 to save more than $700 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.

For more information about the Intermediary Relending Program, and to learn
about application deadlines, visit http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_irp.html. For
information on how to apply, see page 20883 of the April 8, 2013 Federal
Register (http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-04-08/html/2013-08186.htm).
Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 18, 2009 Wednesday

Federal funding holds key to Tulsa-based Magellan Midstream Partners' ethanol
project

BYLINE: Kirby Lee Davis

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 522  words


A $3.5 billion ethanol pipeline may not proceed without federal funding, a
spokesman for Tulsa-based Magellan Midstream Partners said Monday.

On Monday, Magellan said the world's largest ethanol producer, Sioux Falls,
S.D.-based Poet, has joined the Tulsa company in a feasibility study for
building a 1,700-mile pipeline to connect Midwest producers with East Coast
users, representing one of the first major pipelines focusing on ethanol.

Poet replaced Buckeye Partners LP of Breinigsville, Pa., in the year-old project
that faces both financial and technical hurdles.

Pipeline construction has declined this year in all categories in the face of
tightening credit restrictions, declining fuel prices and onshore pipeline
construction costs averaging more than $3.3 million per mile, according to
reports by the Oil and Gas Journal.

"Federal financing, such as a federal loan guarantee, is necessary for the
project to proceed," said Magellan spokesman Bruce Heinz.

That could come in the form of House Resolution 864, amending the Energy Policy
Act of 2005 to provide loan guarantees for renewable-fuel pipeline construction.
That legislation is now before the U.S. House of Representatives.

"If Congress passes legislation which enhances the U.S. Department of Energy's
loan guarantee authority and we make a decision to proceed with the project, we
anticipate two years to obtain proper permits and an additional two years to
construct the pipeline system," said Heinz.

On the technical side, transported ethanol has been known to pick up water and
trailback from other products, forcing operators to block it from typical
batch-type pipelines. Ethanol transporters also have recorded stress corrosion
fractures along welds in carbon steel pipelines and tanks.

Magellan is working with the Association of Oil Pipelines in studying these
problems and others.

Association Director of Government Relations Raymond Paul said they have
received several encouraging results in ongoing research with the Pipeline
Research Council International and DNV/CC Technologies.

Despite falling commodity prices, the ethanol industry continues to grow. With
production hitting a record 9 billion gallons last year, the Renewable Fuels
Association projects ethanol output could rise to 10 billion gallons in 2009,
representing almost 9 percent of the U.S. gasoline supply.

Twenty plants remain under construction, joining the 170-plus now operating
across the nation, the RFA said in its 2009 annual report.

Buckeye pulled out of the construction project to focus on other priorities,
Magellan said Monday. Buckeye operates 5,400 miles of pipeline and 64 refined
petroleum products terminals.

Poet produces more than 1.5 billion gallons of ethanol per year from 26
production facilities in seven Midwestern states. It also markets 300 million
gallons for nine plants outside its network.

Poet Chief Executive Jeff Broin called the agreement with Magellan an important
step to boosting long-term transportation economics.

"A project of this nature would provide benefits throughout the ethanol
industry, agricultural community and the economy in general," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday

Federal funding holds key to Tulsa-based Magellan Midstream Partners' ethanol
project

BYLINE: Kirby Lee Davis

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 522  words


A $3.5 billion ethanol pipeline may not proceed without federal funding, a
spokesman for Tulsa-based Magellan Midstream Partners said Monday.

On Monday, Magellan said the world's largest ethanol producer, Sioux Falls,
S.D.-based Poet, has joined the Tulsa company in a feasibility study for
building a 1,700-mile pipeline to connect Midwest producers with East Coast
users, representing one of the first major pipelines focusing on ethanol.

Poet replaced Buckeye Partners LP of Breinigsville, Pa., in the year-old project
that faces both financial and technical hurdles.

Pipeline construction has declined this year in all categories in the face of
tightening credit restrictions, declining fuel prices and onshore pipeline
construction costs averaging more than $3.3 million per mile, according to
reports by the Oil and Gas Journal.

"Federal financing, such as a federal loan guarantee, is necessary for the
project to proceed," said Magellan spokesman Bruce Heinz.

That could come in the form of House Resolution 864, amending the Energy Policy
Act of 2005 to provide loan guarantees for renewable-fuel pipeline construction.
That legislation is now before the U.S. House of Representatives.

"If Congress passes legislation which enhances the U.S. Department of Energy's
loan guarantee authority and we make a decision to proceed with the project, we
anticipate two years to obtain proper permits and an additional two years to
construct the pipeline system," said Heinz.

On the technical side, transported ethanol has been known to pick up water and
trailback from other products, forcing operators to block it from typical
batch-type pipelines. Ethanol transporters also have recorded stress corrosion
fractures along welds in carbon steel pipelines and tanks.

Magellan is working with the Association of Oil Pipelines in studying these
problems and others.

Association Director of Government Relations Raymond Paul said they have
received several encouraging results in ongoing research with the Pipeline
Research Council International and DNV/CC Technologies.

Despite falling commodity prices, the ethanol industry continues to grow. With
production hitting a record 9 billion gallons last year, the Renewable Fuels
Association projects ethanol output could rise to 10 billion gallons in 2009,
representing almost 9 percent of the U.S. gasoline supply.

Twenty plants remain under construction, joining the 170-plus now operating
across the nation, the RFA said in its 2009 annual report.

Buckeye pulled out of the construction project to focus on other priorities,
Magellan said Monday. Buckeye operates 5,400 miles of pipeline and 64 refined
petroleum products terminals.

Poet produces more than 1.5 billion gallons of ethanol per year from 26
production facilities in seven Midwestern states. It also markets 300 million
gallons for nine plants outside its network.

Poet Chief Executive Jeff Broin called the agreement with Magellan an important
step to boosting long-term transportation economics.

"A project of this nature would provide benefits throughout the ethanol
industry, agricultural community and the economy in general," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            November 18, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Ottawa offers $2.8B aid for Arctic pipeline: Federal package would include loan
guarantees for native partners, aid for industry sponsors

BYLINE: Gordon Jaremko, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 667  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON - The federal government lit a fire under the frozen Arctic natural gas
megaproject on Thursday by offering up to $2.8 billion in new aid.

A new target of Nov. 23 was set for a formal decision to advance the $7-billion
development into northern pipeline hearings and construction after Deputy Prime
Minister Anne McLellan unveiled the help.

Her offer includes $1.2 billion for the Mackenzie Gas Project's industry
sponsors and a $1.6-billion loan guarantee for their northern native partners in
the Aboriginal Pipeline Group.

"We're obviously pleased," project spokesman Pius Rolheiser said in an
interview. "Our concerns about fiscal terms have been largely addressed."

In outlining the aid package in a letter to project leader Imperial Oil Ltd.
McLellan wrote, "Let me be clear: The Government of Canada is not prepared to
subsidize construction of the Mackenzie Gas Project."

But she added Ottawa is prepared to implement a wide array of royalty and
investment options to make sure development goes ahead provided the assistance
is eventually repaid. She set a target of mid-2006 for working out details.
About the only option not under discussion is government part-ownership in the
proposed Mackenzie Valley Pipeline.

"We've been fairly adamant," Rolheiser said. "We're not interested in having
them (the government) assume an equity stake at this point."

Options described by McLellan include creating a northern gas counterpart to
incentive royalty deferrals for Alberta oilsands projects.

Federal royalties would be held down to a nominal level such as the initial
oilsands rate of one per cent until the forecast $7 billion costs of the Arctic
gas installations are paid off, Rolheiser indicated.

The total includes $2.2 billion in Mackenzie Delta production and processing
systems and $4.8 billion for the proposed 1,220-kilometre pipeline to
northwestern Alberta.

McLellan promised to give "serious consideration" to requests by the Aboriginal
Pipeline Group for a loan guarantee to support its one-third ownership of the
Mackenzie line, which commits it to cover $1.6 billion of the forecast
construction costs.

She acknowledged the industry consortium supports the native appeal for federal
aid and has made the potential help play a prominent role in negotiations with
aboriginal communities on land access and project benefits agreements.

A standardized deal is currently under discussion in Mackenzie Valley
communities and the project hopes approval will be granted within days,
Rolheiser said. Talks have been underway since April, when the project halted
field operations to work out relationships with northern natives before
advancing to hearings and construction.

In a letter to the National Energy Board, project backers promised to make up
their mind on next steps and announce the decision by noon next Wednesday.

In the Northwest Territories, the community discussions are confidential, but
aboriginal leaders signalled they are on the point of making a deal with the
industry.

The chiefs cancelled a consulting contract that employed former territorial
premier Stephen Kakfwi to take a hard line as lead northern benefits negotiator,
pressing demands that included a $40-million-a-year pipeline property or transit
tax.

"The confrontational approach brought more out onto the table," Kakfwi said in
an interview. "I don't apologize for it one bit."

He pledged to encourage native communities to keep on being aggressive in
fighting for financial independence.

"We will finally break the shackles of colonialism," Kakfwi vowed.

Documents released by McLellan included a letter formally rejecting Kakfwi's tax
scheme from federal Indian Affairs and Northern Development Minister Andy Scott
to Northwest Territories Premier Joe Handley.

Aboriginal pipeline taxes will remain out of the question until self-government
agreements are made with native communities, Scott wrote.

The proposal should be dropped as a threat to the northern gas project, he
suggested.

gjaremko@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               South Wales Argus

                             June 22, 2010 Tuesday

Jones warns of broadband threat to economy

SECTION: LATEST NEWS (SWA NEWS)

LENGTH: 425 words


THE economy will be held back without an improved broadband network and faster
railway lines, First Minister Carwyn Jones said today.

He gave his reaction to today's Budget from Chancellor George Osborne, saying
the electrification of the main railway line into south Wales had
"disappeared''.

The UK Government is abolishing Labour's landline tax and will instead support
private broadband investment with funding in part from the digital switchover
under-spend within the TV licence fee.

But Mr Jones said the market would not pay for the extension of faster internet
access to the countryside and he feared rural Wales could be "left behind''
without more money from the Government.

At question time in the Senedd, he welcomed a £360 million loan guarantee for
Ford factories, including one in his own Bridgend constituency.

"But it has to be balanced against the fact that we want to make sure over the
next few years that infrastructure is improved in Wales for businesses,'' he
said.

Broadband access would be as important to the economy as the building of railway
lines was to communities in the 19th century, he said.

"So I'm afraid that welcome though the guarantee is, there are some major
structural issues now that will affect us over the next few years that will
affect businesses' ability to set up and prosper in Wales.'' He added: "It will
not help if we don't have the structure there for broadband and now don't have
the transport structure either.

"Both the announcements that I referred to in the Budget speech will have a
severe effect on Wales's ability to compete in the future.'' Opposition leader
Nick Bourne asked what had been done to improve relationships with the private
sector in Wales, something the First Minister said he wanted to do in February.

There had been "major criticisms'' of the Assembly Government's stance,
including from the Institute of Directors which said the administration appeared
"suspicious'' of the private sector, Mr Bourne said.

He asked: "What assurance can you give to the private sector that your
Government is still engaged with the private sector given the rather tardy
response when you said it would be a few weeks and it's now much more than a few
months that you would be setting up these new structures?'' Mr Jones said the
Assembly Government was analysing the responses of business and ministers would
make a statement soon on an economic renewal programme.

He said he wanted to make it clear that Wales was "open for business'' and a
place where young people could set up businesses and prosper.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       Qatar News Agency (QNA) (English)

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

ADB Signs $40 Million Trade Finance Deals With Bangladesh Banks

LENGTH: 254  words


The City Bank, Mutual Trust Bank, and Pubali Bank are all new banks joining the
Trade Finance Program, while Southeast Bank, which is already part of the
program has signed a new agreement for a funded facility.



"Under these agreements, ADB and our Bangladesh bank partners will provide loans
and guarantees to support exporting and importing companies in Bangladesh,
including small and medium-sized enterprises," said Steven Beck, ADB&rsquo;s
head of trade finance. "This agreement will help create economic growth and
jobs."
The program has provided more than $2.2 billion in trade finance support in
Bangladesh since 2009, through more than 1,400 transactions. With these latest
agreements, the total number of banks under TFP in Bangladesh will reach 15.

Backed by ADB's AAA credit rating, the Trade Finance Program provides guarantees
and loans to over 200 partner banks to support trade, enabling more companies
throughout Asia to engage in import and export activities.

With dedicated trade finance specialists and a response time of 24 hours, the
program has established itself as a key partner in the international trade
community, providing fast, reliable, and responsive support to fill gaps in the
region&rsquo;s most challenging markets.

Since 2009, the Trade Finance Program has supported more than 7,000 small and
medium-sized enterprises across the region, with about 10,000 transactions
valued at over $20 billion, in sectors ranging from commodities and capital
goods, to medical supplies and consumer goods.  (QNA)

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1281


                        Copyright 2016 Qatar News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 30, 1984, Friday, Final Edition

COMMENTARY;
Bankers in Maryland Compound a PR Gaffe

BYLINE: By Rudolph A. Pyatt, Jr.; Pyatt is a staff writer for the Business &
Finance section of The Washington Post.

SECTION: Business & Finance; Capital Commerce; F11

LENGTH: 767 words


You can't blame Citicorp for trying. The giant New York-based bank holding
company deserves high marks, in fact, for its latest attempt to expand in
Maryland.

By the same token, some members of Maryland's banking industry deserve a failing
grade for yet another petulant reaction that, ironically, could enhance
Citicorp's image in the state.

Calling it a threat to their institutions, Maryland bankers effectively killed
legislation that would have approved a reciprocal banking agreement with New
York. A reciprocal agreement between the two states would have made it possible
for New York banks to open banks in Maryland and vice versa. Spokesmen for the
industry in Maryland contended the legislation that Citicorp advocated would
have allowed big money-center banks to gobble up Maryland institutions.

Citicorp may have suffered a setback in this latest bid to broaden its base in
Maryland (its Choice credit-card subsidiary is located in Towson), but not
before exposing a fair amount of hypocrisy in the state's banking industry.

Maryland is one of four states in which banks are paid a fee for making student
loans. The budget to provide the $40 fee paid on each student loan has been cut
by $1 million. That prompted some Maryland banks to suggest it may become
necessary for them to curtail participation in the guaranteed student loan
program.

Citicorp then volunteered to take over the program and forgo the fees that
Maryland banks receive from the state's Higher Education Loan Corp.

A "seedy attempt to get what the legislature didn't give them," a Maryland
banking official grumped in response to Citicorp's offer.

It's fair to say that Citicorp's student loan gambit was opportunistic, but
describing it as "seedy" only compounds a public relations gaffe by Maryland's
banking industry.

For one thing, it raises questions about the business acumen of bankers who, in
their pique over a cut in the state fees, would give up a solid asset in
guaranteed student loans. The fees offset some of the costs associated with
marketing and the production of applications and other materials.

A Citicorp official was right on the money when he called the Maryland banks'
response to the budget cut "amazing." He's correct in emphasizing that the
yields to lenders of guaranteed student loans are considerably higher than the
interest the borrower pays. He's also correct in noting that these loans are
risk-free because they're backed by a guarantee agency.

In the District, where several banks have become more aggressive in making
guaranteed student loans, one official says his bank does it for altruistic as
well as selfish reasons.

"We do have a commitment to the community, and we're also acquiring a future
customer base," said a D.C. bank officer. "We're not only complying with the
Community Reinvestment Act; we are also giving young people a start on building
a credit rating."

Officials at the Higher Education Assistance Foundation, which guarantees
student loans in the District, agree with bank officers that the loans provide a
stable asset without risk to the lender. The interest rate on a guaranteed
student loan is only 8 percent, but the yield for lenders is considerably
higher.

The loans are subsidized by the government and the yields on them are about 3
1/2 percentage points above the average Treasury-bill rate for a quarter. If the
average T-bill rate is 10 percent, for example, the lender is guaranteed a yield
of 13 1/2 percent on a guaranteed student loan.

"In that regard, the bank has a very stable asset," observed a District bank
official. What's more, he said, "There is very low operational maintenance to be
done on the loan while the student is in school. I would agree that it is one of
the safest loans a bank can make."

Not safe enough, and not profitable enough, apparently, for some Maryland banks.
They want to be more selective in making the loans.  Never mind passing up an
opportunity to build a customer base for the future. Forget the commitment to
the community. Let some other lender have the unwanted student loan business,
but don't give it to Citicorp. It has a "seedy" ulterior motive.

Citicorp's motive today is the same as it was last year when it formed an
alliance with Maryland banks to win approval of a banking bill. The measure
permits out-of-state banks to operate limited banking facilities in the state.
Passage of the bill kept Citicorp from moving its Choice subsidiary--and
jobs--out of the state, a spokesman for Maryland's banking industry explained.
But, then, there was nothing seedy in that.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            November 1, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Cal Mac 'could use Scots steel'

BYLINE: Jason Allardyce ; Michael Glackin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 323 words


A BILLIONAIRE businessman has offered to talk to Scotland's closure-threatened
steel works about supplying steel as part of a £97m contract to build new Cal
Mac ferries.

Jim McColl, one of Scotland's top entrepreneurs, made clear his willingness to
discuss the idea after pressure from Labour, which said his shipbuilding firm
Ferguson's should insist on steel from the two Tata works in Lanarkshire to help
fulfil the Scottish government order.

The party believes using the plants at Clydebridge and Dalzell on the order
recently secured by Port Glasgowbased Ferguson's could prove a lifeline after
Tata announced closure plans signalling the loss of 270 Scottish jobs.

Labour said the £1.5m pledged by Tata to support job creation in the Lanarkshire
communities affected should be at least matched by the Scottish and UK
governments to enhance the capability of the plants to win as many public
contracts as possible.

Nicola Sturgeon has refused to rule out nationalising the steel plants, saying
"nothing is off the table" but her immediate priority for Dalzell and
Clydebridge is to find a buyer, continue commercial production and keep as many
jobs as possible.

A source close to McColl, who has ruled out buying the works, said he would be
happy to speak to the firm about using steel from the plants. There is no
guarantee it will be used if it can be sourced more cheaply elsewhere, however.

Community, the trade union that represents steel workers, has called on the
Scottish government to guarantee that steel from the Scottish plants is used on
the new ferries but said ministers have so far failed to do so.

A union insider said the government would need to encourage a buyer by offering
to pay for refurbishing the plants to enable them to manufacture a greater
variety of steel plate for more markets.

The insider said this could be done through "soft loans" similar to those used
to keep state-owned Prestwick Airport in operation.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                       March 8, 2002 Friday Final Edition

Buzz: we need to bribe automakers; Analysis

SOURCE: The Hamilton Spectator

BYLINE: Steve Erwin

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 557 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Canada will have to "bribe" automakers to attract new assembly work in the
post-auto pact era, according to the head of the country's largest
private-sector union.

Until last year, the Canada-U.S. auto pact required North American automakers to
build as many cars in Canada as they sold to avoid stiff import duties. Unless
the defunct pact is replaced, said Canadian Auto Workers president Buzz
Hargrove, governments must put up loan guarantees or grants to compete for new
investment with American states.

"Once you give up on the auto pact, and those kinds of rules are no longer
necessary and we just rely on the goodwill of corporations, you've only got one
thing left -- and that's to bribe them," Hargrove said yesterday at a Canadian
Urban Institute debate in Toronto.

"This is a game the companies play, whether we like it or not."

Hargrove said plants are being constructed for Honda in Alabama and Nissan in
Mississippi because those states offered hundreds of millions of dollars in
loans and grants. Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi and Ohio are in a bidding war
for a new Hyundai factory.

In exchange for the funds, the automakers commit to keeping the factories
running for a decade or more, Hargrove said.

"The investment is an initial investment that's paid back 10 times over in terms
of the community and taxes and services," Hargrove said after his debate on the
auto industry's future with analyst Dennis DesRosiers.

"In some cases, it's justifiable and a good investment if you've got long-term
job commitments."

Hargrove recently lobbied Ottawa to help finance the design and building of a
new van for a DaimlerChrysler plant in Windsor which he said could cost the
automaker about $430 million.

Yesterday, he suggested the Ontario government could offer $200 million in loan
guarantees to bring the new vehicle to the Pillette plant, where commercial van
production is scheduled to cease next year.

Hargrove's comments come as the CAW's membership at Canadian assembly plants is
dwindling. General Motors' Ste-Therese, Que., factory is slated to close this
fall and a Ford truck plant in Oakville is to close by 2004.

DesRosiers said those cuts are colouring the view of the union, whose membership
at assembly plants is falling while the total nonunion workforce for Toyota and
Honda plants in Ontario has swelled to 8,000 and stands to grow in coming years.

"Toyota alone could offset all other production losses," DesRosiers said.

DesRosiers said Hargrove is stuck in decades-old thinking that emphasizes
assembly-line work when Canada should instead be looking to be a leader in
emerging auto technologies, such as cleaner engines, research and development.

"We need a 2020 vision, not a 1965 vision," DesRosiers said.

He is more concerned about Canada's auto parts manufacturers, where 10,000 jobs
-- most in Ontario -- were lost last year. By comparison, only 700 assembly
plant jobs were lost in 2001.

However, DesRosiers agreed with Hargrove that politicians need to play a larger
role in coming up with ideas for the industry's future in Canada.

"Our ministers have been vacant," he said, adding that former industry minister
Brian Tobin "was more interested in fish than automotive, even though one in
seven jobs in Canada were automotive. He was nowhere."

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2002 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Merrill Bill Eludes Colorado Bankers

                            October 8, 1979, Monday

Special to the American Banker

DATELINE: DENVER


This article on Colorado discusses a measure, considered but not enacted this
year, which would have affected Merrill Lynch, which offers the Cash Management
Account here and in other states.

Legislative proposals by Colorado bankers ran into a brick wall at the Capitol
here in 1979.

Since Colorado operates by alternating long and short legislative sessions, it
probably will be two years before substantive banking legislation is considered
by the state House and Senate.

Next year is a short session.  That means any legislation, except for state
fiscal matters, must be called before the legislature by the governor.

At this point, none of Colorado's major banking groups plans to ask Gov. Richard
Lamm to place any banking measure on his call next year.

The major disappointment this year, according to Gerald Scarboro, executive
manager of the Colorado Bankers Association, was the continued failure of state
officials, elected or appointed, to provide the financial industry with a
definition of banking.

A proposal by the association stemmed from a fight with Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner & Smith over the brokerage firm's Cash Management Account.

The account allows customers to invest money, receive dividends and loans and
withdraw cash by plastic card or check.  Bankers contended that was the business
of banking and illegal without a charter.

A court suit filed by the State Banking Board in 1978 ended with an out-of-court
settlement which allowed Merrill Lynch to continue the account.  It also ended
with no definition of banking for the state.

Mr. Scarboro said bankers were not trying to restrict Merrill Lynch specifically
with the legislative proposal, but only to get a definition of banking in the
state so that everyone played by the same rules.

The proposal was simple.  Any institution that accepted deposits and allowed
people to withdraw money on demand, with or without interest, had to be a bank
or some other kind of regulated institution.

Since Merrill Lynch did not guarantee a return of money with its Cash Management
Account, Mr. Scarboro said, it accepted investments, not deposits, and did not
require a charter.

The first legislative opposition to the proposal was in the House business
affairs and labor committee, where it was shelved by Steven J. Durham,
R-Colorado Springs and chairman of the committee.

Remaining housekeeping measures in the bill passed the House and the definition
proposal was resurrected in the Senate, where it passed.

Mr. Durham again killed the proposal in a joint committee.He later explained,
"it was clearly anticompetitive, and it was vague and broad in places."

Another proposal defeated in the Legislature was drafted by the Convenience
Banking Association (holding company bankers) and opposed by the Independent
Bankers of Colorado.

Colorado is a nonbranching state in which banks are allowed one detached
facility, within 3,000 feet of the main bank building and offering limited
services.  The main use of that detached facility is for driveup banking.  some
banks also have loan production offices with even more limited functions.

The proposal would have allowed banks in metropolitan areas to establish up to
three detached facilities, and no more than one a year, within three miles of
the main bank building.

Proponents said the bill would decrease congestion and pollution in downtown
areas by eliminating traffic pile-ups at drive-in offices.  They also said it
would allow banking facilities in small, rural communities that cannot support a
full-service bank.

Opponents claimed the detached facilities were branches and illegal in Colorado.
They also claimed that, if these detached facilities were placed in small, rural
communities, it would eliminate the possibility of full-service bank ever being
built in the town.

The proposal was defeated in the Senate in a 19-9 vote.

Another controversial banking matter involved the legislature only slightly.

In response to a growing number of loan production offices in the state, both
from local banks and from out-of-state banks, the State Banking Commission
issued regulations for the activities that could be conducted at the offices.

The regulations prohibited some of the activities that had been going on, such
as the passing out of pamphlets explaining banking services other than loans.
They restricted activities to the filing out of loan applications.

As required by law, the proposal went before the Legislative Review Committee.
That body took the position, in a 3-2 vote, that the Banking Board did not have
the authority to issue the rule.

Nothing ever came from that decision, however.  State Bank Commissioner Harry
Bloom said he had heard that some legislation was being prepared to counter the
rule, but it never appeared.

The rule was supposed to have gone into effect on June 1, but it was blocked by
a suit from the Independent Bankers of Colorado.

In an action similar to a suit filed nationally, the organization claimed that
loan production offices are branch banks and illegal in Colorado.  That suit
still is in the courts.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 859 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1979 American Banker, Inc.


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                             June 2, 2010 Wednesday

New Idaho National Laboratory manager to focus on nuclear energy research

BYLINE: Anne Wallace Allen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 588  words


Rick Provencher assumes management of the Idaho National Laboratory as nuclear
energy appears poised to enter a period of development in the United States. The
nuclear industry has been re-energized by support from the White House and from
some movement to use billions of dollars in Department of Energy loans aimed at
promoting cleaner alternatives to fossil fuels. Provencher took over May 23 as
manager of the DOE's Idaho Operations Office, where he will oversee Idaho's
commercial nuclear energy research laboratory, and the environmental cleanup and
waste management mission at the site. "I'm mostly excited about our nuclear
energy mission," Provencher said June 1 as he visited Boise for a quarterly
meeting with the Idaho Department of Environmental Quality.

"There's a lot going on there at the site, including national defense type
activities. Nuclear energy gets me excited because I think the capability we
have there at the site provides a solution to the country for research on new
materials and fuel forms to lead towards improved nuclear reactors. "
Provencher, a Massachusetts native, has managed the Idaho Cleanup Project since
2004 at the INL working with Battelle, in Idaho Falls. He said he has
established close working relationships with contractors, with Idaho regulators,
and with the community in that time. "During that seven-year period we achieved
a lot that we set out to do," he said, noting that he has sought to build trust
in the community by completing the cleanup as specified and on schedule. "If we
can demonstrate we're addressing the legacy contamination and legacy nuclear
facilities, it goes a long way to establish trust and confidence for the people
of the state, and the DEQ," Provencher said. "We hope to build on that trust and
relationship we have with the state as we pursue new missions on the lab side. "
Provencher didn't say exactly what new missions the lab might pursue, but he did
say he expects partnerships with business to increase as the lab grows.
Provencher's new role coincides with increased nuclear energy interest and
activity in Idaho and the nation. The French company Areva in May received a $2
billion Department of Energy loan guarantee to help with a uranium enrichment
plant planned for an area 20 miles west of Idaho Falls, near INL. An Eagle
company, Alternate Energy Holdings, has made public its plans for a nuclear
power plant in Idaho. President Barack Obama's $3.8 trillion 2011 budget request
includes almost $800 million for new nuclear research. Nuclear energy appears
more attractive than ever because of recent problems with fossil fuels, such as
the disastrous BP oil spill April 20 in the Gulf of Mexico, said John Gardner,
the associate vice president for energy research at Boise State University. But
it's still very expensive to build a nuclear plant, making it a risky
proposition, even with large federal loan guarantees, said Gardner. The INL can
play an important role in researching more economical means of providing nuclear
power - such as smaller reactors - and other alternative energy, said Gardner.
Gardner said INL is also an important economic presence in Idaho beyond its
involvement with energy. "It's a huge employer, a huge engine for our economy,"
he said. "A place like INL that has a very dynamic, very visual image is a real
attractor of the people we want in Idaho: the creative, smart, innovative
people. I know a lot of people here in Boise who wouldn't have been in Idaho if
they hadn't come to the lab first. "

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals,

LENGTH: 684  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for review
and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13.
Comments regarding (a) whether the collection of information is necessary for
the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the
information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the agency's
estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and assumptions
used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to
be collected; (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget, New Executive Office Building, 725--17th Street NW., Washington, DC
20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received within 30 days of this notification. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720-8681.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Utilities Service



 Title: Request for Approval to Sell Capital Assets.



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0020.



 Summary of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a credit agency of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). It makes mortgage loans and loan
guarantees to finance electric, telecommunications, and water and waste
facilities in rural areas. In addition to providing loans and loan guarantees,
one of RUS' main objectives is to safeguard loan security until the loan is
repaid. Accordingly, RUS manages loan programs in accordance with the Rural
Electrification Act of 1936, 7 U.S.C. 901 et.seq., as amended, (RE ACT) and as
prescribed by Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Circular A-129, Policies for
Federal Credit Programs and Non-Tax Receivables, which states that agencies
must, based on a review of a loan application, determine that an applicant
complies with statutory, regulatory, and administrative eligibility requirements
for loan assistance.



 Need and Use of the Information: RUS borrower will use form 369, Request for
Approval to Sell Capital Assets, to seek agency permission to sell some of its
assets. The form is used to collect detailed information regarding the proposed
sale of a portion of the borrowers systems. RUS will collect information to
determine whether or not the agency should approve a sale and also to keep track
of what property exists to secure the loan. If the information in Form 369 is
not collected when capital assets are sold, the capital assets securing the
Government's loans could be liquidated and the Government's security either
eliminated entirely or diluted to an undesirable level.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions; Business or other
for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 5.



 Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 15.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2015-32169 Filed 12-21-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 April 26, 2016

                  KINGSWAY HALL ARTS & THEATRE COMMUNITY TRUST

                                12 QUEEN STREET
                                  GREAT OAKLEY
                                    HARWICH
                                Harwich CO12 5AS


TRADE ADDRESS: 12 Queen Street Great Oakley, Harwich CO12 5AS

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 04583496

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: November 6, 2002
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Norman Samuel Parslow, Retired
     ·    Mr Christopher Francis Scott, Consultant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2015
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2015
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 20, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  November 6, 2015
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                               12,000    21,000    21,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                            12,000    21,000    21,000
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                               0     3,000     7,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   1,000         0         0
Other Current Assets                           1,000     3,000     7,000
Total Current Assets                           1,000     3,000     7,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                  13,000    24,000    28,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   5         4         3
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          0         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry            13,000         0    40,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0     -4000    -12000
Revaluation Reserve                                0    28,000         0
Shareholder Funds                             13,000    24,000    28,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    13,000    24,000    28,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           5         4         3
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      13,000    24,000    28,000
Net Worth             13,000    24,000    28,000
Working Capital        1,000     3,000     7,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -    -46    -54
Current Assets          -    -67    -86
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -    -46    -54
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,144 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2015)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.25     2.17    21.74
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.00     0.37    11.93
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.45     0.23     9.59
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15   127.12   300.00
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.54     0.93     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.50     1.04     2.09
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  12,000.0 17,820.2 23,825.9
                                                          0        1        8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,164.6 54,418.1 84,863.6
                                                          5        2        3
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    31.88    21.98



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                      70
=
Year -2                                      70
=
Year -3                                      63
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       5         4         3
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   1.00      1.00      1.00
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 13,000

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              March 23, 1989, THURSDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

GRANTS WILL REOPEN POULTRY PROCESSOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8I

LENGTH: 214 words


OLNEY, Ill. (AP) - Rich-Land Turkeys, Inc., will reopen a poultry-processing
plant and create 150 new jobs in Olney with $965,000 in state and local
incentives, officials say. The plan is part of a two-year effort to revive the
poultry industry in the state, according to an announcement this week from Gov.
James R. Thompson's office.  The company will get $315,000 from the state
Department of Commerce and Community Affairs and a $500,000 loan guarantee from
the Illinois Farm Development Authority, Thompson said. In addition, Olney will
lend the company $150,000.  Rich-Land is to use the money to reopen the former
Kralis Brothers Foods, Inc., poultry processing facility in Olney.  Lynn
Morford, spokeswoman for the Department of Commerce and Community Affairs, said
the facility should open by the end of May.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 June 20, 2001

Kitt has no details of steel plant debts

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; DAIL REPORT; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 226 words


Irish ISPAT was a private company and he had no information on its debts or the
possible impact of its closure on creditors, Minister of State for Labour, Mr
Tom Kitt told the House.

A creditors' meeting was planned for June 28th, he said. Mr Kitt was standing in
for the Tanaiste and replying to a private notice question from Mr David Stanton
(FG) who asked what steps Ms Harney was taking to avert the threatened closure
with the loss of 400 jobs.

Mr Pat Rabbitte (Labour) asked what plans the Tanaiste had for discussions with
ISPAT management. And Mr Simon Coveney (FG) asked what plans the Tanaiste had to
maximise the likelihood of a rescue package.

The Tanaiste had a prior engagement from which she could not be released, Mr
Kitt said. He traced the recent history of the Haulbowline plant. It was
formerly owned by the State, up to 1996, when it was sold for (pounds) 1: "It
had run up serious debts and the workforce at the time was facing a bleak
future."

ISPAT had undertaken to repay a $ 14 million outstanding loan to the European
Coal and Steel Community. That was repaid in 1999 and the State had given a
guarantee of (pounds) 10 million on an ACC loan taken out by Irish Steel. This
loan was due for repayment in 2003.

"My Department holds indemnities and a letter of credit in relation to this
debt," Mr Kitt said.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2001 The Irish Times


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 7, 2014 Friday

Washington: SPEECH OF HON. JANICE HAHN OF CALIFORNIA IN THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES THURSDAY, MARCH 6, 2014

LENGTH: 755  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the following Speech:

Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, today, I introduced the ``Brownfield Redevelopment and
Economic Development Innovative Financing Act of 2014,'' legislation that will
help redevelop large brownfield redevelopment projects that have the potential
to create jobs, provide affordable housing opportunities and transform regional
economies.

Across the country, from Baltimore to Los Angeles, there are large redevelopment
sites that communities have identified as the economic development futures of
their regions. Older manufacturing sites, retired steel mills, automotive legacy
sites and landfills within communities are in need of transformation.

These sites, known as brownfields, are untapped resources that, when
environmentally remediated and redeveloped, will address tax base shortfalls,
provide affordable housing, create jobs, attract new businesses as well as unify
communities with planned sustainable development that will meet the needs of a
changing economy and a growing population.

For instance, in my district, the city of Carson provides a shining example of
how large brownfield properties can be redeveloped and transformed into
successful redevelopment projects.

In 2003, using $90 million of redevelopment funding, Carson invested in the
cleanup of an 160 acre site along the 405. Immediately, the private sector
matched the city's funding and the project moved forward with the cleanup of the
site.

The project, called The Boulevards, is set to finish construction in 2016, and
will have two hotels, retail space, affordable housing, office buildings,
restaurants and movie theatres that will raise an estimated $107 million in
property tax revenues over the next 30 years.

The Boulevards is a great investment for Carson and for the region and will
ultimately end up paying for itself. What's changed for Carson, like most
communities, is that they do not have another $90 million dollars to quickly
redevelop their other large brownfield projects.

Unfortunately, there is no current federal funding or financing mechanism to
support and leverage local and private sector resources to move large brownfield
redevelopment sites forward.

While Title I of the 1949 Housing Authority Act used to provide a line of
federal credit to local communities to undertake major redevelopment projects
during the 1970's, this was later replaced with the current Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) program administered by HUD. And CDBG funds are
currently stretched too thin to be able to adequately address the needs of large
scale redevelopment projects.

Additionally, private lenders are hesitant to loan money for these projects
since the extensive remediation and clean up of these sites means investors
aren't going to begin seeing returns for possibly a decade or longer.

That's why I have introduced the The Brownfield Redevelopment and Economic
Development Innovative Financing Act of 2014. This bill creates a pilot program
that re-establishes a partnership with communities by providing the HUD
Secretary the authority to guarantee the repayment of principal and interest on
loans made by lenders to local governments for large brownfield redevelopment
projects.

By providing a federally backed loan guarantee for brownfield redevelopment,
this will eliminate traditional lending risk and thus attract private resources
for projects that otherwise wouldn't have received funding. At the same time,
this bill grants local governments enough time to remediate and develop their
properties so they won't need to begin making loan repayments until they start
receiving revenue.

These tools will provide communities with the ability to make an immediate and
long term economic impact on their region and will be the drivers that help move
our national economy forward.

That is why this bill is supported by public and private stakeholders alike,
including, Weston Solutions, CH2M Hill, Parsons Brinckerhoff, the American
Council of Engineering Companies, Smart Growth America, the U.S. Conference of
Mayors, the National League of Cities, the National Brownfield Association, the
League of California Cities, the California State Association of Counties, and
the city of Carson, California.

By providing a platform for partnerships and innovative financing tools, we will
finally arm communities with the necessary tools to fully plan, invest and
develop their futures.

For more information please visit: http://thomas.loc.gov/

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             May 24, 1990, Thursday

EC PROPOSES ADDED FUNDING FOR E. EUROPE BILLIONS SEEN NECESSARY

BYLINE: RICHARD LAWRENCE; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: EXPORTS, Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


European Community officials are proposing new multibillion-dollar funds to
supplement the proposed European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and
existing financing sources.

One proposal, which Italy plans to promote, would provide as much as $ 15
billion a year from the EC to Eastern Europe. Another, advanced by Frans
Andriessen, the EC's vice president, would create a "general credit fund" to
inance multibillion-dollar credit lines for East European nations.

The East Europeans, meanwhile, are outlining their requests for additional
financial help.

Vaclav Klaus, Czechoslovakia's finance minister, said here Wednesday that his
government may seek up to $ 5 billion for an economic stabilization fund.

Imre Tarafas, the National Bank of Hungary's first deputy president, said his
government hopes to arrange a large multiyear loan from the International
Monetary Fund in follow-up to the $ 210 million IMF loan it recently received.

Their remarks and those of West European officials came at a conference arrang
ed by the Bretton Woods Committee, a non-profit group promoting international
economic cooperation.

So far, most of the Western aid to Eastern Europe has gone to Poland to support
the country's radical economic reforms. Poland has won a $ 1 billion
stabilization fund, financed by the EC, the United States and other nations, and
a $ 723 million IMF loan, among other credits and donations.

Mr. Andriessen's proposal is for the EC, the United States, Japan and other
wealthy nations to establish a fund to finance economic stabilization funds
similar to Poland's for other East European nations.

To be eligible for such funding, he said, an East European country would have to
be an IMF member and committed to an IMF-approved economic reform program.

The proposal immediately drew some skepticism. John Williamson, senior fellow at
the Institute for International Economics, a Washington, D.C.-based research
group, questioned whether it would create a regional IMF.

Gianni de Michelis, Italy's foreign minister, said his government favors the
EC's annually alloting, starting in 1993, of 1 percent of its gross product to
Eastern Europe and Third World countries. This, he said, would channel about $
15 billion in aid to Eastern Europe.

Philippe Maystadt, the Belgian finance minister, suggested Wednesday still other
initiatives to expand Western help for Eastern Europe.

Among them is a "multilateral facility" to counter-guarantee and reinsure export
credits to Eastern Europe that already have been guaranteed or insured by
Western governments.

The facility, he said, would mainly co-finance investment projects supported by
the World Bank and the coming European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                           September 28, 2010 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Bank wants to help promote local banking

BYLINE: MOHAMMAD BASHIR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 642 words


After five years of losses which led to rehabilitation following three
insolvencies, the National Development Bank (NDB), the only wholly Government
owned bank in the country is ready to go into retail banking to support the
country's grassroots population, who the mainstream financial institutions do
not entertain.

Finance and Treasurer Peter O'Neill announced this while launching a Textile
Credit Scheme with a K2 million seed capital for women to be implemented by
National Development Bank at the Crown Plaza last night.

"I am pleased to announce tonight that I am submitting to the Government to
provide capital to NDB in the 2010 Supplementary Budget and 2011 Budget, to
enable it to acquire appropriate license.

"The retail banking license will enable NDB to mobilise deposits from many
farmers and small business people using its current branch office network," he
said, adding, it was in line with the Government's vision for wealth creation.

Additional funds for the programs like agriculture, tourism and small to medium
sized businesses will also be provided with no political interference under
legislative changes.

Mr O'Neill said the Government would like to grow these sectors because they not
only provide opportunities to employ large number of people but also sufficient
resources such as land and varying cultures available to ensure its success.

"Interest rate will be fixed and low, with long term repayment period for loans
under the new proposed Government Assistance Loan Scheme which will be designed
and modeled along similar lines as the previously successful Stret Pasin Stoa
Scheme," Mr O'Neil announced.

He said the deliberate intervention by the Government to rehabilitate rather
than to wind up NDB following its third insolvency in 2004 was because of
several compelling reasons.

Mr O'Neill said the Government will not encourage handout mentality but ensure
tax payer funds are invested in National Development Bank and are managed to
improve business opportunities for the people in viable commercial projects.

"NDB has already developed a number of specific intervention programs including
the Fisheries Credit Facility, the Tourism Promotion Authority Credit Scheme,
the Co-operatives Societies Credit Schemes, the Small Business Development
Credit Guarantee Schemes and others planned for the future.

"National Development Bank must be able to build on success stories like the
STRET PASIN store Scheme," Minister O'Neill said while launching the event..

The rehabilitation of National Development Bank was to position it to obtain a
retail banking license so that millions of rural communities who remain unbanked
can have access to basic banking and financial services.

Mr O'Neill said experience in developing economics around the World showed that
access to banking and communication services have directly led to improvements
in quality of life, particularly in many rural communities.

He said enabling legislation passed to the NDB Act 2007 guarantees removal of
adverse political interference, successful implementation of a new management
information system and the establishment and operation of a strong board audit
and risk committee.

The completion of various operating manuals, change of name and re-branding,
recruitment, development and retention of highly qualified staff, improvement in
the balance sheet position from a net asset of K15 million in 2004 to over K160
million this year are some of the achievements so far.

Other notable achievements include good loan book with arrears over 90 days
averaging 2 per cent compared to over 70 per cent up to 2004. The quality of the
NDB loan book is now as good as any commercial banks.

Reduction of overall operating cost by 30 per cent post 2004 while its first
profit recorded in 2009 after five years of successive losses due to the high
bad debt provisioning.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                             June 17, 1997, Tuesday

Council split on stadium and new rates system

SECTION: FEATURES; EDITORIAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 514 words


Hamilton's political leaders are just a day away from confirming a new budget
yet they remain divided on two crucial issues. First, the 13 city councillors
and Mayor Margaret Evans are split on whether they should raise a $ 6 million
loan and spend the money on a proposed $ 34.2 million super sports stadium.
Second, the council is dithering over plans for a new way of levying rates and
has made a number of secret recommendations. Both issues are tricky: they carry
financial and political risks and are the subject of ferocious lobbying.
Tomorrow's budget meetings will reveal how councillors respond to pressure.

The stadium vote should be relatively simple. The project promises huge benefits
for Hamilton but will probably collapse if the council reneges on earlier votes
to back it financially. The $ 6 million will be a cornerstone pledge and will
allow Waikato Sports and Events Centre Trust to attract the other money it
needs. The council should agree to raise the loan but the cash must only be
handed over when the trust guarantees the stadium will be built. Today's
announcement that the Trust Bank Waikato Community Trust will give $ 6 million
to the project was timed to encourage councillors to back the stadium. The vote
tomorrow will still be tight. Lobbying, including calls for a referendum, will
continue until the last moment. Wavering councillors should consider Hamilton's
dire need for a modern sports and entertainment facility. They don't need a
non-binding referendum to tell them that.

The rating issue is more complex, partly because the council is refusing to
debate it openly. The draft 1997-98 annual plan recommends changes which would
significantly increase rates bills for a small number of ratepayers. The key
proposal is to make rural property owners within the city boundary pay a bigger
share of rates. A majority of councillors seems to have finally realised the
proposals are seriously flawed and would be unfair on a small group of
ratepayers. Last week these councillors, at a confidential meeting, reportedly
forced through recommendations to introduce a new uniform annual charge to be
paid by all ratepayers. They also eased some of the heavier rates burden for
rural landowners and backed away from introducing charges for schools. These
recommendations could be overturned again tomorrow. The debate, which again will
be held confidentially, should focus on the council's abject failure to
formulate a fairer system of levying rates. It is instead secretly tinkering
with a flawed method based solely on the land value of properties.

Significant progress could be made tomorrow if the council admits it is
ill-prepared at this point to make meaningful changes. It should stick with the
status quo for now while it thoroughly investigates a fairer way of deciding who
pays what to run the city. The improved system, perhaps based on the value of
each ratepayer's land and buildings, could be introduced in July 1998. The
council would then be seen to be acting openly, fairly and in the best interests
of the city.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           December 15, 2009 Tuesday

Carroll wins reprieve on E60m guarantee;
Carroll Letoff

LENGTH: 582 words



HIGHLIGHT: Beleaguered developer Liam Carroll has secured an unexpected reprieve
in a 60m euro personal guarantee action.


News In Brief

## Beleaguered developer Liam Carroll has secured an unexpected reprieve in a
60m euro personal guarantee action. His Zoe Group of companies was placed into
liquidation following a three-month battle for court protection. But yesterday
the Irish Nationwide Building Society, which is pursuing Mr Carroll for 60m
euro, had its action taken out of Ireland's fast-track Commercial Court because
of its "total failure" to obey a court order to provide certain documents to the
Dundalk-born builder. In a ruling which underscores the Commercial Court's
stringent rules of engagement, including strict deadlines, the INBS will now
have to wait for months -- possibly until the end of next year at the earliest
-- before its case is heard. - Irish Independent

## The director of human resources at Iarnrod Eireann, John Keenan, has brought
a High Court action for orders restraining the company taking any steps to
remove him from his position of the last 15 years. Mr Keenan claims he was
ordered to leave after Irish Rail chief executive Richard Fearn complained Mr
Keenan had failed to speedily inform him about the successful outcome of a
gender discrimination complaint brought by an employee. Mr Keenan was yesterday
given permission by Mr Justice Roderick Murphy to bring the injunction
proceedings on Thursday. - Irish Times

## Developer Paddy Kelly has consented to judgment orders for more than 2.7m
euro against him over unpaid loans, including one to buy two penthouse suites
adjoining the Clarion Hotel, Liffey Valley, in Dublin. Three loans were advanced
to him by AIB and yesterday counsel for the bank told the Commercial Court Mr
Kelly was consenting to summary judgment orders against him. Mr Justice Peter
Kelly entered judgment for a total of 2,782,317 euro against Mr Kelly, Clonmore,
Shrewsbury Road, Dublin, who was not in court but was represented by a
solicitor. The loans included a 1.39m euro facility to restructure existing debt
of two companies, Fabline Ltd and Latest Venture Ltd, and to take out personal
debt of Mr Kelly. - Irish Independent ## A construction company director has
pleaded guilty to 31 charges related to non-payment of pension contributions.
Gerard Walsh and the Wave Roofing and Cladding company were prosecuted by the
Pensions Board for non-remittance of pension contributions to the construction
Workers Pensions Scheme. The company was fined 1,000 euro on each of the 31
charges, for a total of 31,000 euro. Mr Walsh will be not be sentenced until
February, when the judge will decide whether to impose community service or a
custodial sentence. - RTE ## Aer Arann has restructured some of its debts and is
formulating a fresh business plan as it realigns its business model to the
current environment, according to its owner and chairman. Padraig O Ceidigh
declined to give details of the nature of the debt restructuring or the affected
parties, but added the move had assisted in improving the airline's working
capital position. "The terms of doing business two years ago have changed
because of the climate, and we've sat down with our creditors and suppliers and
remodelled the payment of existing debt," said Mr O Ceidigh. "We have a good
relationship with them, we've received no outside finance, and absolutely, every
single creditor and debt will be paid." Earlier this year it emerged that Aer
Arann was seeking outside investment -- possibly as much as 10m euro -- in order
to secure its longer-term future. - Irish Independent

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           December 15, 2009 Tuesday

Carroll wins reprieve on E60m guarantee;
Carroll Letoff

LENGTH: 582 words



HIGHLIGHT: Beleaguered developer Liam Carroll has secured an unexpected reprieve
in a 60m euro personal guarantee action.


News In Brief

## Beleaguered developer Liam Carroll has secured an unexpected reprieve in a
60m euro personal guarantee action. His Zoe Group of companies was placed into
liquidation following a three-month battle for court protection. But yesterday
the Irish Nationwide Building Society, which is pursuing Mr Carroll for 60m
euro, had its action taken out of Ireland's fast-track Commercial Court because
of its "total failure" to obey a court order to provide certain documents to the
Dundalk-born builder. In a ruling which underscores the Commercial Court's
stringent rules of engagement, including strict deadlines, the INBS will now
have to wait for months -- possibly until the end of next year at the earliest
-- before its case is heard. - Irish Independent

## The director of human resources at Iarnrod Eireann, John Keenan, has brought
a High Court action for orders restraining the company taking any steps to
remove him from his position of the last 15 years. Mr Keenan claims he was
ordered to leave after Irish Rail chief executive Richard Fearn complained Mr
Keenan had failed to speedily inform him about the successful outcome of a
gender discrimination complaint brought by an employee. Mr Keenan was yesterday
given permission by Mr Justice Roderick Murphy to bring the injunction
proceedings on Thursday. - Irish Times

## Developer Paddy Kelly has consented to judgment orders for more than 2.7m
euro against him over unpaid loans, including one to buy two penthouse suites
adjoining the Clarion Hotel, Liffey Valley, in Dublin. Three loans were advanced
to him by AIB and yesterday counsel for the bank told the Commercial Court Mr
Kelly was consenting to summary judgment orders against him. Mr Justice Peter
Kelly entered judgment for a total of 2,782,317 euro against Mr Kelly, Clonmore,
Shrewsbury Road, Dublin, who was not in court but was represented by a
solicitor. The loans included a 1.39m euro facility to restructure existing debt
of two companies, Fabline Ltd and Latest Venture Ltd, and to take out personal
debt of Mr Kelly. - Irish Independent ## A construction company director has
pleaded guilty to 31 charges related to non-payment of pension contributions.
Gerard Walsh and the Wave Roofing and Cladding company were prosecuted by the
Pensions Board for non-remittance of pension contributions to the construction
Workers Pensions Scheme. The company was fined 1,000 euro on each of the 31
charges, for a total of 31,000 euro. Mr Walsh will be not be sentenced until
February, when the judge will decide whether to impose community service or a
custodial sentence. - RTE ## Aer Arann has restructured some of its debts and is
formulating a fresh business plan as it realigns its business model to the
current environment, according to its owner and chairman. Padraig O Ceidigh
declined to give details of the nature of the debt restructuring or the affected
parties, but added the move had assisted in improving the airline's working
capital position. "The terms of doing business two years ago have changed
because of the climate, and we've sat down with our creditors and suppliers and
remodelled the payment of existing debt," said Mr O Ceidigh. "We have a good
relationship with them, we've received no outside finance, and absolutely, every
single creditor and debt will be paid." Earlier this year it emerged that Aer
Arann was seeking outside investment -- possibly as much as 10m euro -- in order
to secure its longer-term future. - Irish Independent

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           December 15, 2009 Tuesday

Carroll wins reprieve on E60m guarantee;
Carroll Letoff

LENGTH: 582 words



HIGHLIGHT: Beleaguered developer Liam Carroll has secured an unexpected reprieve
in a 60m euro personal guarantee action.


News In Brief

## Beleaguered developer Liam Carroll has secured an unexpected reprieve in a
60m euro personal guarantee action. His Zoe Group of companies was placed into
liquidation following a three-month battle for court protection. But yesterday
the Irish Nationwide Building Society, which is pursuing Mr Carroll for 60m
euro, had its action taken out of Ireland's fast-track Commercial Court because
of its "total failure" to obey a court order to provide certain documents to the
Dundalk-born builder. In a ruling which underscores the Commercial Court's
stringent rules of engagement, including strict deadlines, the INBS will now
have to wait for months -- possibly until the end of next year at the earliest
-- before its case is heard. - Irish Independent

## The director of human resources at Iarnrod Eireann, John Keenan, has brought
a High Court action for orders restraining the company taking any steps to
remove him from his position of the last 15 years. Mr Keenan claims he was
ordered to leave after Irish Rail chief executive Richard Fearn complained Mr
Keenan had failed to speedily inform him about the successful outcome of a
gender discrimination complaint brought by an employee. Mr Keenan was yesterday
given permission by Mr Justice Roderick Murphy to bring the injunction
proceedings on Thursday. - Irish Times

## Developer Paddy Kelly has consented to judgment orders for more than 2.7m
euro against him over unpaid loans, including one to buy two penthouse suites
adjoining the Clarion Hotel, Liffey Valley, in Dublin. Three loans were advanced
to him by AIB and yesterday counsel for the bank told the Commercial Court Mr
Kelly was consenting to summary judgment orders against him. Mr Justice Peter
Kelly entered judgment for a total of 2,782,317 euro against Mr Kelly, Clonmore,
Shrewsbury Road, Dublin, who was not in court but was represented by a
solicitor. The loans included a 1.39m euro facility to restructure existing debt
of two companies, Fabline Ltd and Latest Venture Ltd, and to take out personal
debt of Mr Kelly. - Irish Independent ## A construction company director has
pleaded guilty to 31 charges related to non-payment of pension contributions.
Gerard Walsh and the Wave Roofing and Cladding company were prosecuted by the
Pensions Board for non-remittance of pension contributions to the construction
Workers Pensions Scheme. The company was fined 1,000 euro on each of the 31
charges, for a total of 31,000 euro. Mr Walsh will be not be sentenced until
February, when the judge will decide whether to impose community service or a
custodial sentence. - RTE ## Aer Arann has restructured some of its debts and is
formulating a fresh business plan as it realigns its business model to the
current environment, according to its owner and chairman. Padraig O Ceidigh
declined to give details of the nature of the debt restructuring or the affected
parties, but added the move had assisted in improving the airline's working
capital position. "The terms of doing business two years ago have changed
because of the climate, and we've sat down with our creditors and suppliers and
remodelled the payment of existing debt," said Mr O Ceidigh. "We have a good
relationship with them, we've received no outside finance, and absolutely, every
single creditor and debt will be paid." Earlier this year it emerged that Aer
Arann was seeking outside investment -- possibly as much as 10m euro -- in order
to secure its longer-term future. - Irish Independent

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           December 15, 2009 Tuesday

Carroll wins reprieve on E60m guarantee;
Carroll Letoff

LENGTH: 582 words



HIGHLIGHT: Beleaguered developer Liam Carroll has secured an unexpected reprieve
in a 60m euro personal guarantee action.


News In Brief

## Beleaguered developer Liam Carroll has secured an unexpected reprieve in a
60m euro personal guarantee action. His Zoe Group of companies was placed into
liquidation following a three-month battle for court protection. But yesterday
the Irish Nationwide Building Society, which is pursuing Mr Carroll for 60m
euro, had its action taken out of Ireland's fast-track Commercial Court because
of its "total failure" to obey a court order to provide certain documents to the
Dundalk-born builder. In a ruling which underscores the Commercial Court's
stringent rules of engagement, including strict deadlines, the INBS will now
have to wait for months -- possibly until the end of next year at the earliest
-- before its case is heard. - Irish Independent

## The director of human resources at Iarnrod Eireann, John Keenan, has brought
a High Court action for orders restraining the company taking any steps to
remove him from his position of the last 15 years. Mr Keenan claims he was
ordered to leave after Irish Rail chief executive Richard Fearn complained Mr
Keenan had failed to speedily inform him about the successful outcome of a
gender discrimination complaint brought by an employee. Mr Keenan was yesterday
given permission by Mr Justice Roderick Murphy to bring the injunction
proceedings on Thursday. - Irish Times

## Developer Paddy Kelly has consented to judgment orders for more than 2.7m
euro against him over unpaid loans, including one to buy two penthouse suites
adjoining the Clarion Hotel, Liffey Valley, in Dublin. Three loans were advanced
to him by AIB and yesterday counsel for the bank told the Commercial Court Mr
Kelly was consenting to summary judgment orders against him. Mr Justice Peter
Kelly entered judgment for a total of 2,782,317 euro against Mr Kelly, Clonmore,
Shrewsbury Road, Dublin, who was not in court but was represented by a
solicitor. The loans included a 1.39m euro facility to restructure existing debt
of two companies, Fabline Ltd and Latest Venture Ltd, and to take out personal
debt of Mr Kelly. - Irish Independent ## A construction company director has
pleaded guilty to 31 charges related to non-payment of pension contributions.
Gerard Walsh and the Wave Roofing and Cladding company were prosecuted by the
Pensions Board for non-remittance of pension contributions to the construction
Workers Pensions Scheme. The company was fined 1,000 euro on each of the 31
charges, for a total of 31,000 euro. Mr Walsh will be not be sentenced until
February, when the judge will decide whether to impose community service or a
custodial sentence. - RTE ## Aer Arann has restructured some of its debts and is
formulating a fresh business plan as it realigns its business model to the
current environment, according to its owner and chairman. Padraig O Ceidigh
declined to give details of the nature of the debt restructuring or the affected
parties, but added the move had assisted in improving the airline's working
capital position. "The terms of doing business two years ago have changed
because of the climate, and we've sat down with our creditors and suppliers and
remodelled the payment of existing debt," said Mr O Ceidigh. "We have a good
relationship with them, we've received no outside finance, and absolutely, every
single creditor and debt will be paid." Earlier this year it emerged that Aer
Arann was seeking outside investment -- possibly as much as 10m euro -- in order
to secure its longer-term future. - Irish Independent

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             August 1, 1988 Monday
                                  Late Edition

ROTHWELLS' PROBLEMS PUSH WA INTO DEAL

BYLINE: JENNI HEWETT and MARK SMITH

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1125 words


Fears that its $150 million guarantee of Rothwells Ltd could be triggered have
led the West Australian Government to take a huge political risk and stitch
together another deal with Mr Alan Bond.

But as the details of the deal unravel, the Dowding Government is finding that
it has crippled its efforts to distance itself from the Burke Government's
various deal-making and resurrected the issue of Labor's financial competence.

As the original October deadline for the Government to withdraw half of its
credit facility from Rothwells drew closer, there was dismay within the
Government that Rothwells' financial problems were only getting worse.

A government spokesman said yesterday that there had been growing "concern"about
the viability of Rothwells recently and that a "primary consideration for the
Government was to cut itself adrift" from Rothwells' founder, Mr Laurie Connell.

At the same time, the plans for a giant petrochemical plant devised by Mr
Connell and another WA businessman, Mr Dallas Dempster, were stalled because the
two were having difficulty obtaining finance.

In a state of near panic at the potential for political damage from Rothwells,
the Government agreed to the exit route offered by Mr Bond.

This involves the Government in a joint venture with Mr Bond to develop the
petrochemical plant.

In return, Mr Bond has provided Mr Connell with the money to buy out $350
million worth of problem loans from Rothwells at face value, many of them to
companies associated with Mr Connell, and is also arranging to buy out Mr
Dempster.

This means that Rothwells can now retire the entire guarantee put up by the
Government.

"We have swapped a $150 million guarantee and the risks involved in that for an
involvement in a bricks and mortar project that is important for the State's
development," Mr Dowding said.

The Government's argument is that the alternative would have been no
petrochemical plant and the very strong possibility of a collapsed Rothwells.

But with an election due early next year, the timing and details of the deal are
extraordinarily awkward for the Government and provide the battered Liberals
with a badly needed assault weapon.

It emphasises the fragility of Rothwells' position since the October Crash and
the Government's continuing willingness to directly invest in entrepreneurial
projects.

Mr Connell has certainly conveniently bought out Rothwells' non-performing loans
at the last minute to allow Rothwells' balance sheet to look infinitely more
healthy on its July 31 balance date. Rothwells' shareholders agreed to that in a
brief meeting last Friday.

But the business community is putting a very low real value on the loans bought
back by Mr Connell.

At the same time, Mr Bond has effectively forced the Government into paying for
a share in a project that is only in the planning stages and where the figures
are, to say the least, still vague.

Mr Connell and Mr Dempster are believed to have spent at the most around$10
million on developing the project so far.

While it is being promoted as a $1 billion project on completion in 1991, the
Government must still negotiate now with Mr Bond exactly what percentage it
should take and for what cost. The last estimate of costs of construction, done
earlier this year, was $680 million.

Yet the the guidelines for pricing at this stage seem to have been worked out
chiefly by Mr Bond and Mr Connell.

Mr Bond has taken Mr Connell's 500,000 shares of the Petrochemical Industries
Company Ltd for $150 million as well as apparently providing another $200
million under some separate arrangement to allow Mr Connell to buy back the
loans from Rothwells.

Mr Bond's willingness to provide an extra $200 million to Mr Connell suggests he
is confident of doing well out of a petrochemical plant suddenly valued at $1
billion.

It is still unclear what Mr Dempster will get for his half share from Mr Bond
although sources say it will be considerably less than the $150 million paid to
Mr Connell.

These two factors raise doubts about the value of the project and the likely
entry prices for the participants in the project's new joint venture.

The Government is considering Bond Corporation's request for it to take 25 per
cent although this is not definite and it will be anxious to minimise its role
even though it thinks the plant should be built as quickly as possible.

It is already clear that one way the Government may help to pay for its equity
is through reductions to the price of gas. This will have a rise and fall
contract to allow variations according to the prices the petrochemical products
receives.

To compound the political sensitivity, the Government has appointed its most
senior bureaucrat, Kevin Edwards, to head the taskforce on the petrochemical
plant, including the negotiations with the Bond Group.

Mr Edwards, as the chief executive of the Department of Cabinet and deputy
chairman of the State Government Insurance Corporation was the key figure in the
SGIC's purchase of 19.9 per cent of the Bell Group earlier this year.

This created another flurry of controversy about the links between the
Government and Bond Corporation and resulted in an NCSC investigation into the
legality and fairness of the Bell Group transactions.

The negotiations will also concentrate attention on just how the Dowding
Government runs its own version of "WA Inc".

Mr Tony Lloyd, former finance director of the West Australian Development
Corporation, was appointed to Rothwells' board after the Government joined in
the rescue package of Rothwells last October and became its managing director

Brian Burke, Kevin Edwards and Tony Lloyd are all old friends and share a belief
in the benefits of an interventionist government, particularly to get major
projects off the ground.

One of Mr Lloyd's major roles was to allow the Government to extricate itself
from its association with Rothwells while turning the former high-risk,
high-profit merchant banker into a sober investment bank, with emphasis on
resources.

This was a major change from the heady days when Rothwells was the lender of
last resort in Perth, a position shattered by the crash and only patched by a
$384 million rescue package put together by Mr Bond and other leading Australian
businesses.

It led to the Rothwells $100 million purchase earlier this year of Western
Collieries, which left the business community wondering how a company with such
problems could afford the investment.

But there was still little recognition until recently of how many difficulties
Rothwells was having with its cash flow, particularly with a loan portfolio that
could not be easily reduced.

In March, when releasing its interim report, Rothwells allowed $67 million for
doubtful debts and another $118 million in contingencies.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: Mr DOWDING

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Donors approve $340m assistance to Jordan, Lebanon

LENGTH: 552  words


By JT - Jul 30,2016 - Last updated at Jul 30,2016

AMMAN -- The Concessional Financing Facility (CFF), an international initiative
to address the impacts of the Syrian refugee crisis, has announced the first
financing to support refugees and host communities in Jordan and Lebanon, a
World Bank statement said.

The initiative was launched in April when eight nations and the European
Commission pledged a package of more than $1 billion -- $141 million in grants,
$1 billion in soft loans, $500 million in guarantees -- to a World Bank-led
financing initiative in support of Syrian refugees and host communities in
Jordan and Lebanon, as well as recovery and reconstruction across the region.

The package, it was announced then, means that the new facility would be able to
generate up to $800 million in concessional loans in the next year.

The facility has been made operational, supporting two projects totalling over
$340 million, the statement, issued Thursday, said, following the CFF steering
committee's first meeting.

The two projects will help generate jobs for over 200,000 Syrian refugees, and
address the urgently needed rehabilitation of municipal infrastructure in
Jordan, including the economic opportunities project and the Ain Ghazal
wastewater plant, which will be supported by the World Bank and the European
Bank for Reconstruction and Development, respectively, subject to approval by
their respective boards.

According to the statement, the objective of the CFF is to raise a total of $1
billion in grants over the next five years in order to provide Jordan and
Lebanon with around $3-$4 billion in concessional financing to support refugees
and host communities in key sectors such as jobs, education, health and
infrastructure.

The first steering committee meeting of the CFF in Beirut brought together
representatives from the eight donors: Japan, the UK, the US, Germany, Canada,
the Netherlands, Norway and the EU, along with additional observer countries,
multilateral development banks and the UN.

Jordan and Lebanon also presented their respective pipelines of projects that
could potentially benefit from concessional financing through the facility,
according to the statement.

Secretary General at the Ministry of Planning and International Cooperation
Saleh Kharabsheh was quoted as saying: "This facility will play a significant
role in contributing to build the resilience of Jordan's host communities and
boost economic growth so that we are able to provide basic services and economic
opportunities to both Jordanians and Syrian refugees."

Franck Bousquet, World Bank director for regional programmes and partnerships in
the Middle East and North Africa, said it is critical to begin to finance
projects to support vulnerable populations in Jordan and Lebanon.

"These countries have made enormous sacrifices to meet the global responsibility
of providing refuge from conflict, and it is vital that the international
community unite to provide the long-term support that will help them both
withstand shocks and continue to develop and prosper."

Conflicts and instability across the Middle East and North Africa region have
caused over 15 million people to flee their homes over the past five years, the
statement noted, representing the largest forced displacement crisis since World
War II.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2016 The Jordan Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                              May 10, 2010 Monday

EU assembling 'big bang' response to euro crisis

BYLINE: ARTHUR BEESLEY

SECTION: OPINION; Opinion; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1021 words


ANALYSIS:The 16 euro zone countries will get drawn ever deeper into each other s
fiscal affairs

AFTER MONTHS of indecision, moves to set up a rescue mechanism for all euro
countries are a huge leap into the dark for the European authorities. The
development, which marks a capitulation to market forces, suggests EU leaders
perceive a serious threat to the single currency in the turmoil unleashed by
Greece s financial crisis.

As a fully-fledged sovereign debt crisis in the euro zone draws closer, this is
Europe s  big bang  response. The rescue mechanism as framed would essentially
enable distressed euro countries to draw special loans from the European
Commission. In a separate but related development, the purchase of government
debt by the European Central Bank (ECB) is also in prospect.

While numerous technical and legal questions remain to be answered, it is clear
that hundreds of billions of euro would be involved if either plan was deployed.
Each is emblematic of a massive expansion in the EU s economic remit and each
takes the 16 countries that use the euro deeper and deeper into each other s
fiscal affairs. For Minister for Finance Brian Lenihan, this will mean yet more
pressure to balance the public finances from Brussels and the markets.

If the euro is the single biggest example of European integration, more
integration could yet flow from this affair. Already on the table, for example,
are plans that would oblige governments to submit their budget plans for prior
approval to other capitals. Whatever the outcome of the talks, budgetary
surveillance will intensify in the future and economic targets will be tougher.

Thus the plans are fraught with tension, weighed down by huge financial risk and
riddled with potential for conflict.

As the 27 EU finance ministers gathered in Brussels yesterday, the atmosphere
was described as  tense . It was the same on Friday night when the leaders of
the 16 euro countries decided to rush out a drastic plan to shore up the euro
before markets reopen this morning after the weekend break.

This raises serious questions about the merits of creating the expectation of a
silver bullet to diminish a crisis whose ultimate solution lies in a years-long
effort to bring wayward public finances to heel throughout the euro zone. That
said, the move reflects the sense of alarm that has taken hold in capital cities
throughout Europe.

While the relentless politicking that delayed the Greek rescue exposed seismic
schisms between Berlin, Paris and Brussels, the present debate is no less
barbed. In many ways, however, this is but the logical outcome of the Greek
rescue. After all, the EUR 110 billion bailout for Athens set a precedent for
euro countries assuming the financial burden of a partner in distress.

Once they went down that road   and not a single cent has yet been handed over
to Athens   every country was essentially on the hook for every other country.
EU leaders certainly didn t want to go any further than their ad hoc
intervention in Greece, but the force of the contagion that took hold as Spain
and Portugal came under pressure last week was such that further action was
inevitable.

There would be two separate strands to the loan mechanism. First, an existing EU
scheme which enables non-euro members to draw down loans from the European
Commission to help balance their books will be extended to empower the
commission to lend to members of the single currency.

In the past, Hungary, Romania and Latvia were beneficiaries of such funding. The
commission sources money for this scheme   known as the  Balance of Payments
Facility    on international markets using its own budget as collateral. Under
discussion yesterday was a proposal to increase the money available from the
facility by some EUR 60 billion to about EUR 110 billion. Comparatively,
however, this is small money.

Hence a separate manoeuvre massively to increase the commission s borrowing
power by having member states guarantee the money it sourced on the markets to
be lent to distressed euro countries. In its conception, this is a simple idea.
In practice, the notion spawns a litter of dilemmas. Prime among the unanswered
questions yesterday was whether the loan guarantees should come exclusively from
the euro zone countries or from all 27 member states.

In favour of a 27-country guarantee is the argument that the  community
instrument  such as the mooted stabilisation fund   whose activation would bring
a huge financial weight on the commission   should be supported by all member
states. As the talks began, however, British chancellor Alistair Darling argued
that only the euro 16 should be guarantors.

While numerous other questions arise, the legal significance of the initiative s
structure is that it would not violate the no-bailout clause in the EU treaties.
The bailout ban prohibits special ECB overdraft facilities for euro countries.
The commission would lean on a separate legal provision that allows the granting
of EU  financial assistance  where a member state is in difficulties or is
seriously threatened with severe difficulties caused by natural disasters or
exceptional occurrences beyond its control.

Still, the ECB was widely expected last night to make a significant intervention
in its own right by promising to buy up government bonds from euro countries.
This lies within the bank s powers, but is itself highly risky as it essentially
involves releasing hundreds of billions of euro into the European economy.

With that comes the threat of rising inflation and the prospect of higher
interest rates, something that carries its own risks in a volatile economic
scenario.

Still, the clear sense in Brussels is that the time for decisive action to save
the euro is nigh. It was not without irony that the talks yesterday took place
on Europe Day, when the EU marks the anniversary of the 1950 call by French
foreign minister Robert Schuman for Franco-German coal and steel production to
be placed under a common high authority. While the EU traces its roots to that
clarion call, its unity and sense of mission are being tested now as never
before.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Q and A: CEO of the Community Preservation Corp. Tries to Build on His
Institution's Success

                            August 23, 1993, Monday


Michael D. Lappin is president and chief executive of the not-for profit
Community Preservation Corp., which he says is the nation's biggest building
operation for low cost.

The organization, which is based in New York City, was founded in 1974 and
currently is sponsored by 50 banks and insurance companies.

The institution hasn't suffered a loss, and it has helped to rehabilitate and
build 34,000 units of housing with more than $1 billion in public and private
investment. It also is managing a loan consortium of 80 banks in upstate New
York.

Mr. Lappin visited the American Banker bureau last week while in Washington
trying to persuade agencies such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to guarantee the
loans underwritten by his operation and others like it.

Q.: You have quite a few foreign banks as sponsors, don't you? LAPPIN: That's a
recent development. We opened up membership about four or five years ago.

Q.: How does one join up? LAPPIN:You have to make a contribution and then you
have to participate in our credit facilities - a $144 million construction
credit facility and a permanent credit facility.

The minimum contribution to is $15,000, plus $450,000 of each line of credit.
Chemical Bank is our largest investor. They provide about $30 million.

Q.: Who are your customers? LAPPIN: Small borrowers, lots of recent immigrants
who own, say, a 40-unit dilapidated building in the South Bronx and want to
renovate it. We not only provide credit, but help obtain timly approval by the
building departments and other help.

Q.: That sounds like a lot of work. How many people do you have working for you?
LAPPIN: Forty. In many cases, public subsidies are available for the borrower,
and we try to link these subsidies when proper.

There also are various tax abatements, and we understand them and weave them
into the underwriting. We also do all the negotiating with the various public
agencies that administer these diverse programs.

What we've done - and this is key to our success - has been to create a one-stop
shop, where we work with the government and try to work many of these things out
in advance.

For example, there is a program where the city will put in below market money -
in a secondary position to private money - to fix up old apartment houses.

So rather than the owner going to the city to make a separate application, we
basically handle the application for them.

And there's a single commitment where we commit our funds and the public funds
at the same time. There's a single closing. And there's one engineer that
approves the requisitions. The public deposits all the funds with us. And so we
manage that process for the city.

Q.: What rates do you charge on the loans? LAPPIN: Market rates. The
underwriting is conventional underwriting. It's bankable underwriting. A lot of
our guys (bankers) say it's the best real estate portfolio in town.

We borrow from the banks at prime and lend at prime plus two.  We price
long-term financing off of Ginnie Mae.

Q.: Do the banks participate because they're trying to comply with the Community
Reinvestment Act? LAPPIN: It's a reasonable way to invest. Part of the reason
may be CRA. But most tell me, "do what's best for the community."

Q.: Explain the lending process. LAPPIN: We use the $144 million line of credit
for construction loans. Simultaneously, we'll do a permanent takeout. The source
of that can be the banks, in which case we'll issue them a privately placed
mortgage backed security, an unrated piece. A second source used a lot now is
public pension funds.

New York City and New York State, together, have committed to purchase up to
$550 million of whole loans from us on a forward basis if they get the State of
New York Mortgage Agency, our local credit enhancement agency, to ensure these
loans, which they do very readily.

They also commit at the date of construction to lock in a rate. The rate for a
project that will be completed two years from now is 820 (8.20%) or 830 for 30
years, fixed-rate paper. It's a terrific deal.

Q.: What are you asking for down here in Washington? LAPPIN: We think there is a
way of doing nationally what we're doing in New York to allow pension funds and
insurance companies and large institutional investors to purchase on a forward
basis.

There are other organizations like ours around the country that do an excellent
job but can't get long-term holders for this paper. That's what we're asking
Freddie and Fannie about.

Also, if we had Freddie and Fannie, our institutional investors would take a
lower yield.

SECTION: WASHINGTON MONDAY; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 772 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lappin, photo

                      Copyright 1993 American Banker, Inc.


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              North Bay Nipissing

                            October 28, 2013 Monday
                                  ONT Edition

Waste and fines responsible gas plant bill

SECTION: Pg. 0

LENGTH: 415  words


NIPISSING - The full price tag for canceling two gas plants in southern Ontario
has only just come to light and the local MPP said northern Ontarians are going
to have to help pay the bill.

Vic Fedeli, MPP for the Nipissing riding, said Ontarians will end up paying more
than $1 billion for canceling gas plants in Mississauga and Oakville. The plans
for the two facilities, which were intended to fill the growing power needs of
those communities, were canceled prior to the 2011 provincial election.

"All together it's a billion dollars for absolutely nothing," said Fedeli.

An auditor general's report on the cost released earlier this month detailed a
bill that included requiring the government to compensate the full value of the
canceled contract to the developer and to pay back a number of lenders.

"In Oakville they had to purchase gas turbines they can't use - that's $210
million. They spent $40 million preparing the site. They spent $3 million on
legal fees," Fedeli said.

"They relocated the project to Napanee, Ontario which is hundreds of kilometres
away from where they need the power in Oakville. So now they have to ship gas
down there to run the gas plant - that's $577 million."

Moving the plant to Napanee led to a number of increased costs. Additional
turbines had to be purchased, and a new transmission system is required to
transfer power between where the power is being generated and where it is most
needed.

"The Mississauga gas plant is even more heinous," said Fedeli. "$150 million was
spent to pay off a loan holder down in the U.S. even though the loan was only
$49 million. They have to pay back the whole loan guarantee of $150 million so
that company made $101 million for absolutely no money being lent."

Fedeli says the whole thing started back in the mid-2000s when the government
decided additional power was needed for the communities of Mississauga and
Oakville. When they started lobbying against having the construction within
their community, the provincial government changed the plan.

After months of questioning and requests for documents the full cost of the
change was revealed.

"It brings the two of them together to over a billion dollars, and that's only
to cancel the gas plants - it does not give us one megawatt of power," said
Fedeli.

"How do you pay for all that? Your hydro bills are going up on Nov. 1."

Fedeli said there will be a 12 per cent year-over-year increase to the hydro
bill.

Story by Rolland Cilliers rcilliers@metrolandnorthmedia.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             July 30, 2015 Thursday

Failed Brattleboro project gets $2.5 million in New Hampshire

BYLINE: By Robert Audette raudette@reformer.com @audette.reformer on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 704 words


KEENE, N.H. &GT;&GT; A failed project to use methane as energy at the Windham
Solid Waste Management District in Brattleboro got a new lease on life in the
Granite State.

On Thursday, at Keene's transfer and recylcing station on Route 12 North, Dean
Lizotte, the CFO of the Keene Energy and Agricultural Project, announced KEAP
has secured $2.5 million to construct a facility to grow 500,000 pounds of
lettuce a year.

"The proposal in Brattleboro was much different," said Lizotte. "It was to be a
model and training facility. And the investor group for KEAP is much different,
too."

The Local Food Project, which will operate KEAP, was founded by former Carbon
Harvest president Donald McCormick, who attempted to start an
aquaculture/agriculture project at WSWMD. That project failed in 2012 and Carbon
Harvest was placed into bankruptcy. Much of its equipment   $270,000 worth   was
sold off in the bankruptcy proceedings to a Portsmouth company.

Lizotte said Carbon Harvest had only one investor, and according to the Keene
Sentinel, McCormick told Keene officials Carbon Harvest failed because the
investor pulled out of the project.

KEAP was approved in the summer of 2014 and hopes to break ground on a
40,000-square-foot greenhouse this year. In addition to the greenhouse, a
15,000-square-foot processing facility is planned for the site. Lizotte said the
project will bring 25 "living wage jobs" to the Keene area.

KEAP will use the waste heat from a methane-powered turbine funded by an EPA
Climate Showcase Communities Grant to heat the greenhouse. The methane for the
power plant will be tapped from the capped and closed landfill at the transfer
station. Keene has been operating an on-site 250kw power generator since the
1990s but it has not been connected to the grid. As part of the KEAP project,
the Keene methane-to electricity project will be refurbished, a 350kw generator
will be added and it will be connected to the grid.

Lizotte said KEAP has several investors for the project, including the New
Hampshire Community Loan Fund and that the Bank of New Hampshire is also
supplying funding. He also said KEAP is the sub-recipient of the $500,000
Climate Showcase Communities Grant, which was awared to Keene. The city of Keene
also committed $225,000 in improvements to the site, which is on a hill
overlooking the transfer station.

KEAP also received $480,000 in low-interest loans from a Community Development
Block Grant administered by the Monadnock Economic Development Corporation. As
repayment is made, $250,000 of the loaned amount will be routed into a revolving
loan fund and investment program seeded with $250,000 donated by the Entergy
Charitable Foundation.

When McCormick proposed the project in Brattleboro, he received $40,000 from the
town's revolving loan fund. When the project failed, Carbon Harvest paid back
$26,000 of the total.

"We don't have any expectations of getting that $14,000 back," said Patrick
Moreland, Brattleboro's Assistant Town Manager. "We are pretty far down on
Carbon Harvest's list of creditors. We did have a personal guarantee from
McCormick, and reason to expect it would be honored, but, unfortunately, we lost
out."

Carbon Harvest also took out $810,000 in loans from Vermont Economic Development
Authority, which held the first lien on the company's equipment.

KEAP will be similar to the proposal in Brattleboro. The project will produce
high quality fish protein and fresh vegetables, which will be sold locally.
Water from the aqualculture operation will be used to provide high value organic
nutrients for the plants and an algae culture system. Working in partnership
with the University of Vermont's Rubenstein School, Keene State College and
Dartmouth College, the algae culture system will be designed to capture
remaining wastes and carbon and convert them to algae for production of biofuel
and livestock feed for fish and poultry.

This zero-fossil-fuel facility is expected to remove approximately 20,000 metric
tons of carbon per year from landfill gas emissions and convert this source of
greenhouse gas into high quality local food, biofuel and aquaculture feed while
producing virtually zero waste.

Bob Audette can be contacted at 802-254-2311, ext. 160.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                           January 13, 2007 Saturday

PULPMISSION; Two years after Nackawic's biggest employer shut down without
warning, the mill is back on the path to prosperity

BYLINE: By MICHAEL STAPLES staples.michael@dailygleaner.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1079  words


NACKAWIC - Millions of dollars will be poured into this community's pulp mill
over the next several months.

The operators of AV Nackawic Inc. announced this week they are moving ahead with
a $30-million plan to convert the former St. Anne-Nackawic mill into a plant
that produces dissolving pulp, a product used to manufacture rayon.

Peter Vinall, president and CEO of the AV Group, said the plan sends a positive
sign to the community that the company is committed to Nackawic.

"It sends a good signal that somebody is prepared to invest in this sector,"
Vinall said in an interview with The Daily Gleaner.

"You haven't seen many investments in this sector of that scale. We haven't seen
mills re-starting with this kind of vision and this kind of an opportunity. "

The St. Anne-Nackawic Pulp Co. Ltd. was purchased in 2005 by the Aditya Birla
Group of India and Quebec-based Tembec, after $67.5 million in loans and loan
guarantees were provided by the province.

It resumed production in late January 2006 after being closed in September 2004
when the previous owners declared bankruptcy.

While a large portion of the $30 million being invested also comes with a loan
guarantee by the province, that doesn't mean there is a cost to the taxpayer,
Vinall said.

"There is zero cost to the province. A loan guarantee does not mean cash."

Vinall said that while the province has supported the mill, residents should not
be concerned because the company has a good business plan in place.

Since re-opening its doors, AV Nackawic, which now employs almost 300 workers,
has produced kraft pulp, a product used in the manufacture of specialized paper
products.

While the conversion to dissolving pulp is costing about $5-million more than
was anticipated, the commitment is to build a good plant that has a long- term
future, Vinall said.

The mill is expected to produce its first dissolved pulp next winter.

"The next 12 months are crucial because we're designing the future of the mill
and we're building it," Vinall said. "In the following 12 months, we have to
live up to the expectations and the plans that we have set for ourselves."

Construction work, set to begin this spring, will include an expansion of the
digesting plant and the incorporation of "significant" changes to the overall
production process.

Vinall said the construction phase of the conversion could result in the
creation of scores of temporary jobs.

The plan is for the company, which also operates a dissolving pulp mill in
Atholville, to ship the majority of its new product to India, Thailand,
Indonesia and possibly China.

"That's the exciting part of our business - getting to a value-added product, "
Vinall said. "Getting to a place where we have secure customers. Ninety-per-
cent (and more) of our product is going to be sold to Birla. They have big
operations to convert this specialty pulp into rayon in India, Thailand and
Indonesia."

One of the things being looked at, once the conversion is completed, is
establishing a marketing presence in New Brunswick - one that will serve as a
portal into the U.S. market for the many garments produced.

"The first steps for that would be to set up some sort of a design studio with a
portfolio of products - a place where we can bring potential customers in,"
Vinall said. "The idea would be to situate that here in New Brunswick."

The main competition for the company is South Africa and Brazil - areas that
have access to cheaper wood supplies.

Vinall said the AV Nackawic mill will maintain its capability to produce kraft
products.

Both, however, cannot be manufactured simultaneously. The plan is to produce
dissolving pulp 75 per cent of the time.

Mark Cloutier, president of the Canadian Auto Workers union local representing
unionized workers at the mill, said workers share the company's vision for the
mill and its enthusiasm. He said he's confident about the mill's future.

"When we get on to this dissolving pulp ... this dissolving pulp will be our
future," he said. "Without it, I don't think it will go. They are committed to
putting money into the mill, changing over to dissolving pulp and to basically
getting this community back on its feet."

Cloutier said the union, which has given up a lot, has made a commitment to work
with the company.

Vinall said since the mill re-started in January 2006, it has met all
expectations and had an "outstanding" initial period.

"The mill is making money and we recently skipped into the black, which is a
good place to be," Vinall said.

"But you know we have got $100 million invested into the place to date and
that's a long-term investment. We need to make money to pay back the loans, and
we have a lot of debt on our books right now that's been accrued to get us to
the place we are today."

The plant currently produce 3,300 bales of kraft product a day - with each bale
weighing about 240 kilograms. The product makes its way into the U.S., Europe,
China, Japan, Korea, Pakistan, Turkey and Israel.

That's about where the company wants to be with regard to production, said Tim
Benesh, manager of customer service and logistics for the AV Group.

"This (the kraft product now being produced) is used for everything from
specialty printing grades, writing grades to specialty packaging for food
products and medical products," Benesh said. "It is (also) used for laminates in
flooring - just a broad range of uses."

Customers buying the Nackawic product usually mix it with other types of wood
pulp, ranging from softwood to eucalyptus.

Benesh said AV Nackawic runs 24 hours a day and products are shipped on a
continuous basis.

"We are probably in the top of the market right now and have been for the last
couple of months," Benesh said. "What we are seeing now is more supply coming
into the market, which is completely a supply-driven situation."

Vinall, meanwhile, said the company is confident about its future.

"We have a lot to live up to, but so far it has been a good run. But we also
recognize there are going to be challenges into the future."

QUICK FACTS

- The mill produces about 3,300 bales of kraft products a day.

- Financially, the mill is in the black.

* AV Nackawic Inc. is moving ahead with a $30-million plan to convert the mill
to produce dissolving pulp, a product used to manufacture rayon.

- Some work is already underway, with construction expected to start in the
spring.

- Scores of spinoff jobs are expected to be created.

- First dissolving-pulp products are expected to be produced in about 12 months.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2007 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Regulatory update: North Carolina Utilities Commission;Frontier Natural Gas
Company, LLC , has issued (G-40 Sub 133) Affidavit of James E. Sprague

LENGTH: 6059 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Raleigh: North Carolina Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA

 UTILITIES COMMISSION

 RALEIGH

 Docket No. G-40, Sub 133

 BEFORE THE NORTH CAROLINA UTILITIES COMMISSION:

 In the Matter of:

 Application of Frontier Natural Gas

 Company, LLC for Conditional Approvals

 Relating to Corporate Reorganization and

 Debt Refinancing

 )



 )

 )

 )

 )

 )

 AFFIDAVIT OF FRED A. STEELE

 The undersigned, having first been duly sworn, deposes and says as follows:

 1. My name is Fred A. Steele. I am over the age of 18 and otherwise competent
to

 testify. I have reviewed the statements herein, and swear that they are true,
to the best of my

 personal knowledge.

 2. I am the President and General Manager of Frontier Natural Gas Company, LLC

 ("Frontier"). My business address is 110 PGW Drive, Elkin, NC 28621.

 3. The purpose ofthis Affidavit is to generally describe the Application for

 Approvals of Corporate Reorganization and Debt Refinancing ("Application") that
is filed

 concurrently herewith, as well as a new proposed corporate reorganization
between Frontier's

 ultimate parent, Gas Natural Inc. ("GNI"), and it's various subsidiaries. In
addition, I will also

 summarize the proposed intercompany agreements between GNI and Frontier by
which Frontier

 will access the funds available through the GNI refinancing, and provide my
opinion, as General

 Manager of Frontier, that this financing is in the best long-term interest of
Frontier and its

 customers.

 4. The proposed intercompany agreements between GNI and Frontier include three

 (3) agreements: (1) Revolving Line of Credit for access to $7.2 million; (2)
Long Term Note in

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 1

 the amount of$8.7 million; and (3) Four Year Term Note for the SAP IT Operating
System in

 the amount of$1.075 million.

 5. As is more fully described in the Application verified by Kevin Degenstein
and

 Jim Sprague, this new corporate structure and the new the intercompany
financing agreements

 through which Frontier will receive its financing require Commission approval
pursuant to

 N.C.G.S. §§ 62-111(a), 62-153, and 62-161 . I am providing this Affidavit
concurrently with,

 and in support of, the Application requesting this approval.

 Corporate Reorganization

 6. Under the current corporate structure, GNI is the ultimate parent of several


 entities including Energy West Incorporated (EWI). GNI also separately owns
other regulated

 utilities that operate distribution systems and an intrastate pipeline in Ohio
and is the parent of

 several unregulated entities as well. EWI is the parent of several regulated
utilities in Montana,

 Maine, and North Carolina, including Frontier Utilities of North Carolina, Inc.
("Frontier

 Utilities"), which is the intermediate holding company for Frontier. A current
corporate

 structure is set forth in Exhibit 1 attached to this Affidavit.

 Having EWI, which is regulated by the Montana Commission, serve as the parent
of

 Frontier Utilities and other regulated utilities, as well as GNI' s ownership
of other unregulated

 businesses in other states, has created in my opinion the potential for
jurisdictional conflict,

 confusion in accountability, and the potential for inconsistent practices among
subsidiaries.

 7. Under the newly proposed corporate structure, GNI would continue to be the

 ultimate parent of Frontier. However, Frontier Utilities will be dissolved and
a new subsidiary

 of GNI (currently designated as a newly formed intermediary company ("NIC") for
the purpose

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 2

 of the Application) would serve as the holding company for Frontier as well as
the other

 regulated affiliates operating in Ohio, Montana and Maine.

 8. The regulated subsidiaries would all become direct, separate subsidiaries of
GNI

 through NIC, not through a variety of different regulated and non-regulated
holding companies.

 GNI will also directly own the other non-regulated companies currently
operating in the Midwest

 and Montana, but these unregulated companies will be separate from the
regulated companies

 The new proposed corporate structure is set forth below in Exhibit 2 attached
to this Affidavit.

 9. It is my opinion and belief that this new proposed structure is beneficial
for a

 number of reasons. It essentially separates Frontier, as a North Carolina
regulated utility, for

 corporate formation, operational, regulatory, and financing purposes and
provides for consistent

 governance over all regulated utilities. It eliminates the concern of potential
multi-jurisdictional

 regulatory conflict and potential confusion by GNI' s current ownership
structure of regulated

 and unregulated subsidiaries. It still provides, however, the benefits of being
part of a larger

 organization with shared resources, expertise, and best practices, economies of
scale, and access

 to capital, as illustrated by the proposed financed discussed below.

 Debt Financing Agreements

 10. As part ofthe last financing case filed in Docket G-40, Sub 105 and
approved by

 Commission Order dated August 8, 2012 ("Refinancing Order"), the Commission
approved a

 credit agreement between Energy West Incorporated ("EWI") and Frontier that
consisted of a

 $30 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a $10 million unsecured
long-term debt

 facility. Frontier was a part of the pool of guarantors of this financing,
along with other EWI

 subsidiaries, and provided a limited recourse guarantee of $12.8 million of the
aggregate amount.

 During the proceedings, the Public Staff expressed concerns that the $12.8
million limited

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 3

 recourse guarantee of Frontier could cause Frontier to guarantee more debt than
EWI had

 borrowed and provided on Frontier's behalf, but ultimately recommended the
approval to avoid

 the risks created by rejection of the proposed refinancing transactions.

 11. That debt package is not in default and is still providing financing to
Frontier, but

 it expires in a little over a year, on April 1, 2017. Since the time of the
Refinancing Order in

 2012, GNI and its subsidiaries, including Frontier, have been exploring
alternative forms of

 financing, as well as a new corporate structure, as described above, to
accommodate and

 facilitate this financing.

 12. Beginning in November 2014, I began identifying potential lenders for

 replacement financing directly to Frontier. I sent letters attached to this
Affidavit as Exhibit 3 to

 Yadkin Bank, BB&T, Carter Banlc & Trust, and First Community Bank requesting
term sheets

 for a Term Loan and revolving Line of Credit for Frontier. I also provided each
ofthese banks

 with information about Frontier in order for them to evaluate and respond to
our request,

 including financial statements, service territory maps, corporate
organizational chart, listing of

 the property, plant, and equipment, schedule of rates for all classes of
customers, schedule of

 largest customers and their annual usage, regulatory reports, pipeline maps
showing the

 transmission, distribution, and service lines, and schedule showing the number
of customers in

 each of the service areas served by Frontier.

 13. To follow-up, I had several individual meetings with representatives from
Yadkin

 Bank and First Community Bank, culminating in meetings by Kevin Degenstein, Jed
Henthorne,

 and me with each banlc on April27, 2015. In addition, I met with
representatives ofBB&T in

 mid-2015. I also had several telephone conversations with bankers at Carter
Bank & Trust to

 assess their interest and answer their questions.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 4

 14. After all of these efforts over several months, the only bank that
submitted a term

 sheet was First Community Bank which is attached hereto as Confidential Exhibit
4. Based

 upon this experience, it is my belief that Frontier's small size was a major
impediment to

 receiving attractive financing options from independent lenders.

 15. I evaluated the proposal from First Community Bank carefully, but concluded
that

 it did not provide the flexibility and terms necessary for Frontier's financing
needs and that

 would allow Frontier to continue to operate successfully and expand as we
intend. It was

 certainly not comparable to the financing being offered through the
intercompany agreements

 with GNI described below.

 16. GNI management, on behalf of its subsidiaries and in consultation with me
and

 my counterparts with the other regulated operating utilities, also solicited
and evaluated debt

 financing options. We evaluated the financing options that were presented and
the

 organizational structure that would allow us to achieve the company's goal and
accommodate the

 necessary financing within the regulatory framework in which we operate. We
have now

 finalized that process and are proposing an organizational structure and
financing arrangement

 that I believe should simplify regulatory oversight, ensure accountability,
improve operational

 efficiencies, and provide sufficient capital to Frontier on the most cost
effective basis.

 17. Under the proposed financing, as explained in the Application, the
currently

 effective amended and restated credit agreement between EWI and Bank of America
("BOA")

 will be replaced by a new senior credit agreement between GNI and BOA ("the BOA
Senior

 Credit Facility"). This GNI financing will take the form of a $42 million
revolving line of credit

 that will be available for a period of five years for GNI to provide funds
pursuant to

 intercompany notes to Frontier and the other regulated operating utilities,
designed to ensure the

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 5

 regulated utilities such as Frontier have adequate access to capital during the
winter season and

 in order to procure gas supply in connection with operations, as well as for
other general

 operational purposes. Guarantees of the BOA Senior Credit Facility will be
required only from

 the unregulated subsidiaries of GNI and from NIC, while GNI will be the sole
Borrower. No

 direct recourse from BOA will extend to regulated subsidiaries downstream ofNIC
such as to

 Frontier. The revolving facility will terminate five years from closing.

 18. GNI also plans to issue up to $50 million ofNew Senior Unsecured Notes
("the

 Senior Unsecured Notes"), the terms of which are fully discussed by James E.
Sprague, GNI

 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, in his Affidavit. Both the proceeds
from the Senior

 Credit Facility and from the Senior Unsecured Notes will be used to refinance
the existing debt

 and provide financing for general operational purposes and system expansion.

 19. The long-term note, which details the obligations ofGNI as the issuer, as
well as

 the non-regulated subsidiary guarantors, does not include Frontier as a direct
issuer or guarantor

 (similar to the revolving line with BOA). Neither Frontier, nor any of GNI's
other regulated

 operating utilities, will have any obligation for activities, borrowings, or
guarantees provided by

 any other GNI company or directly on the long-term note.

 20. The third component of the financing is a four (4) year term debt facility
in the

 amount of $7.0 million that will be used to consolidate several smaller loans
by GNI used for

 acquisition and development of an SAP software based operating system used by
all of the GNI

 companies (the "SAP Financing"). As is the case with the revolving line of
credit and the long

 term note issuance, GNI will be the sole borrower for the SAP Financing, no
guarantees will be

 required of the regulated operating utilities, including Frontier, and Frontier
will only be

 responsible through an intercompany note between GNI and Frontier for a
proportional piece of

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 6

 the SAP Financing. BOA is the proposed lender on the SAP Financing and will
require the SAP

 Software license to be pledged by GNI as collateral for this $7.0 million loan.


 21. Frontier will not have any guarantees directly to BOA. Based upon the
credit

 available through the BOA Senior Credit Facility, Senior Unsecured Notes, and
SAP Financing,

 Frontier will be eligible to draw a total of$15.9 million for its own
operational needs ($7.2

 million under the revolving line of credit, $8.7 million under the long-term
debt) and in addition

 receive $1.07 5 million from the SAP Financing (of which $820,000 will pay
Frontier's portion

 of the cost of the SAP software, licenses, and installation). If approved,
Frontier will enter into

 three intercompany notes with GNI, without any obligations directly to BOA or
Merrill Lynch

 ("ML"). Under the intercompany agreements, Frontier's only obligations will be
to GNI and its

 exposure is limited to what is has borrowed and used and extends no further.

 22. There are several benefits to Frontier under this financing structure as
compared

 to the structure that has been in place since 2012. First, as mentioned,
Frontier has no direct

 responsibility to BOA for either credit facility. Further, because funds for
the individual

 operating companies are treated separately and are reserved for the operating
subsidiaries under

 distinct, standalone "silos", there is no danger that the needs of other
utilities will impinge upon

 Frontier's access to its own capital or create any risk to Frontier. Upon
approval of the

 intercompany loans requested in this application, the new debt will be put in
place, paying off the

 existing debt and Frontier will execute its intercompany notes for access to
stand-alone line of

 credit through GNI. The other operating utilities will execute their own
intercompany notes and

 have access to their own lines, independent of Frontier and any other GNI
obligations. As a

 result of this structure, there is no potential for cross-collateralization or
cross-default. Also,

 Frontier will have full access to the SAP Software and operating system and all
of the associated

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 7

 developments related to the system although it will only be responsible for a
fraction of the

 development costs. Each of the GNI entities will benefit similarly.

 23. The Company has reviewed its operating needs over the last four years,
which

 have included periods of major construction and capital expansion efforts and
periods when the

 cost of gas has been high during winter months. The total amount of the
proposed debt should

 be sufficient to give Frontier adequate headroom in meeting its operational
needs, including

 anticipated construction, cost of gas, etc. in the years ahead, based on its
current capital

 expenditure forecasts.

 24. In the previous financing proceeding, the Public Staff expressed concerns
with

 Frontier's financial obligations to BOA for the credit facility and its
execution of a limited

 recourse guarantee. The proposed financing arrangement addresses those
concerns. Unlike the

 last financing proceeding, the current financing arrangement is between GNI and
BOA, and

 Frontier and other regulated subsidiaries have no obligations to the ultimate
lender or to each

 other. Frontier will only be obligated for funds to which it has access, and no
other subsidiary or

 GNI will have access to those funds. The intercompany loan agreements between
Frontier and

 GNI will establish the limits of its obligations and make it clear that
Frontier's obligations are

 limited by its borrowings. No assets will be pledged or required by Frontier to
secure access to

 this working capital and long term debt. The only asset that is pledged as
collateral for any of

 the three facilities is the SAP Software, pledged by GNI. This structure should
significantly

 reduce or even eliminate the prior concerns that the Public Staff had regarding
Frontier's

 obligations.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 8

 25. Frontier has continued to add to its infrastructure to access new market
areas and

 to expand service in its service territory. As noted in the testimony filed in
Frontier's annual

 review of gas costs dockets, the number of customers served by Frontier has
increased 26% from

 2011 to 2012, 28% from 2012 to 2013, 27.7% from 2013 to 2014 and 11.8% from
2014 to 2015.

 Frontier needs both short-term and long-term debt resources in order to have
sufficient access to

 meet cyclical cash flow needs throughout the year, to pay fixed expenses during
non-heating

 months, to benefit from seasonal opportunities and provide operational
flexibility to lower

 overall costs, and to provide long-term financing for capital investments to
allow it to continue to

 grow as it has over the past few years.

 26. I believe that the proposed intercompany agreements with GNI offer the most
cost

 effective option for financing for Frontier. What I have learned over the past
year is that many

 lenders are not familiar with the utility and gas industry and are hesitant to
lend or offer credit at

 a premium in order to cover their perception of potential risks. In addition,
financing is an area

 where there are economies of scale. At the parent level, due to the size of the
facility, GNI is

 better able to secure more favorable interest rates and other terms, and pass
those benefits on to

 Frontier through the intercompany agreements.

 27. Finally, I want to note that Frontier currently has a shared services
agreement with

 EWI, which has been previously filed with the Commission. This agreement
allowed EWI to

 charge Frontier for shared services. Since EWI will no longer be the parent of
Frontier, the

 Company will need to enter into a new shared services agreement with NIC (and
NIC will in turn

 enter into a similar agreement with GNI). The new shared services agreements
shall contain the

 same terms as those in the existing agreement; the only difference is that
current intermediate

 holding company has been substituted for GNI as the party to the agreement with
Frontier.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 9

 Under these arrangements, centralized administrative and professional services
such as

 accounting, legal, engineering, technology systems, data management or other
shared services

 for GNI subsidiaries are provided. Expenses that arise from the individual
needs of any specific

 subsidiary are directly assigned to that entity. This will continue to ensure
that Frontier's

 ratepayers are only responsible for those expenditures necessary for the
efficient and reliable

 operation of Frontier. This new shared service agreement will be filed with the
Commission

 upon approval of the corporate reorganization,

 Further affiant sayeth not.

 Fred A. Steele

 STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA

 SURRY COUNTY

 Sworn to~d subscribed before me

 this ~&middot;aay 2016.

 aWl~

 Notary Public

 \ (SEAL)

 RALEIGH 501299,5

 10

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 It is hereby certified that the foregoing Affidavit of Fred A. Steele has been
served this

 17th day ofFebruary, 2016, by hand delivery, electronic mail or by depositing
copies of same in

 a depository under the exclusive care and custody of the United States Postal
Service in postage

 prepaid envelopes and properly addressed as follows:

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 Christopher J. Ayers, Esq.

 Executive Director

 North Carolina Public Staff

 430 N. Salisbury Street

 Raleigh, NC 27611

 Elizabeth Culpepper, Esq.

 Legal Division

 North Carolina Public Staff

 430 N. Salisbury Street

 Raleigh, NC 27611

 SMITH MOORE LEATHERWOOD, LLP

 11

 RALEIGH 501587.1

 Gas Natural Inc.

 (Ohio)

 EXHIBIT 1

 Ret-.-ources,

 LLC (OH)

 Insurance,

 LLC (OH)

 (6)

 Brnin:ard

 Gas Corp.

 (OH)

 Service

 Company

 LLC (OH)

 Great Pl.ains

 Natural Gas

 Company

 (OH)

 EXHIBIT 2

 Cut Bank Gas

 Company

 (MT)

 Gas Natural Inc.

 (Ohio)

 New

 Holding Company

 Energy West

 Montana, Inc.

 (MT)

 I

 Frontier Natural

 Gas Company,

 LLC

 (NC)

 r-----~------~--------~----~

 Gas Natural

 Resources,

 LLC

 (OH)

 Bangor Gas

 Company, LLC

 (ME)

 Energy West

 Resources, Inc.

 (MT)

 Lone Wolfe

 Insurance,

 LLC

 (OH)

 NE Ohio

 Natural Gas

 (OH)

 Brainard

 Gas Corp.

 (OH)

 Orwell

 Natural

 Gas

 (OH)

 Energy West

 Propane, Inc.

 (MT)

 Spelman

 Pipeline,

 LLC

 (OH)

 RE-ORG

 EXHIBIT3

 TO

 AFFIDAVIT OF FRED A. STEELE

 LETTERS TO POTENTIAL LENDERS

 Yadkin Bank

 RALEIGH 501591.1

 BB&T

 Carter Bank & Trust

 First Community Bank

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Mr. Van Hamlin

 Senior Vice President/Market Executive

 Yadkin Bank

 1318 N Bridge Street

 Elkin, NC 28621

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Van:

 Thank you for lunch and for taking the time to discuss the financing needs of
Frontier Natural Gas, LLC

 (FNG). We discussed several options for financing and we are very interested in
any proposals that you

 find worthy of consideration. Following up on our lunch and telephone
discussions I felt it best to seek

 the input of senior management and formalize our thoughts on a credit facility.


 We would like to formalize our request for the stand-alone financing package in
the form of this letter.

 Frontier Natural Gas (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying the
conditions under which

 you would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNG. We are seeking a
facility that might contain

 the following general characteristics:

 1. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for

 issuing standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Tenn Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with

 the revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility
")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and

 payable in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily

 unused portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees

 of Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals.

 While BoiTower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such
approvals,

 Borrower anticipates such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG's existing long term

 debt and for other general corporate purposes including long term capital
expenditures. Draws on the

 revolving facility will be employed for working capital requirements including
gas purchases and short

 term capital expenditures.

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin &middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621&middot; Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336&middot;526-9940

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North

 Carolina Public Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in
Ashe, Watauga,

 Warren, Wilkes, Surry and Yadkin Counties, North Carolina. We are a subsidiary
of Energy West

 Incorporated which is in turn a subsidiary of Gas Natural Inc., which is a
utility holding company

 publicly traded on the NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker symbol: EGAS).

 In addition to the information previously provided-, we enclose the latest
annual report for FNG filed with

 the North Caro1ina Public Utilities Commission for CY 2013 .. That annual
report includes balance sheet

 and income statements for the calendar year and information regarding employees
in this state, and the

 volumes of natural gas sold at retail and delivered or transported to
consumers. Also included is the

 December 31,2013 Form 10-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with the Securities
Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 We have also enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you

 require, please do not hesitate to request it.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be

 acceptable to you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a
financing facility on terms

 you would consider. I request the favor of your response before close of
business on January 7, 2015.

 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 F~ A S}JJ

 Fred Steele

 General Manager

 February 9, 2015

 Michelle Tompkins

 Carter Bank and Trust

 POBox 99

 Hillsville, VA 24343

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOlCE

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Ms. Tompkins:

 Frontier Natural Gas, LLC (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying
the conditions under which you

 would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNO. We are seeking a
facility that might contain the following

 general characteristics:

 I. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for issuing

 standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Term Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with the

 revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and payable

 in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily unused

 portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees of

 Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals. While

 Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such approvals,
Borrower anticipates

 such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the tenn facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG' s existing long term debt and

 for other geneml corporate purposes including long term capital expenditures.
Draws on the revolving facility will

 be employed for working capital requirements including gas purchases and short
term capital expenditures.

 FNO is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North Carolina Public

 Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in Ashe, Watauga,
Warren, Wilkes, Surry and

 Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary of Energy West Incorporated
which is in turn n subsidiary of

 Gas Natural Inc., which is a utility holding company publicly traded on the
NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker

 symbol: EGAS).

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin&middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621 &middot; Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336-526&middot;9940

 For your information, we enclose the latest annual report for FNG filed with
the North Carolina Public Utilities

 Commission for CY 2013. That annual report includes the balance sheet and
income statement for the calendar

 year and information regarding employees in this state, and the volumes of
natural gas sold at retail and delivered

 or transported to consumers. Also attached please find the Balance Sheet,
Income statement and Statement of Cash

 Flows as of October 31, 2014 as filed with the Staff of the North Carolina
Public Utilities Commission. Also

 included is the December 31, 20 J 3 Form I 0-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with
the Securities Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 Finally, we have enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you require,

 please do not hesitate to request it.

 Once you have had the opportunity to review the attached if you would like to
schedule a meeting to discuss further

 please contact me at one of the above telephone numbers.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be acceptable to

 you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a financing
facility on terms you would consider. I

 request the favor of your response before close of business on February 23,
2015.

 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 Fred A Steele

 General Manager

 Enclosures

 Ben Staton

 Senior Vice President

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Regional Corporate Banking Manager, Triad Region

 BB&T

 1 10 S. Stratford Road

 Winston Salem, NC 27104

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Mr. Staton:

 Following up on my telephone messages, Frontier Natural Gas, LLC (FNG) requests
a term sheet from your bank

 specifying the conditions under which you would consider offering a senior
credit facility to FNG. We are seeking

 a facility that might contain the following general characteristics:

 I. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for issuing

 standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Term Facility: Up to $1 I ,000,000 term Joan facility ("term facility", and
together with the

 revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and payable

 in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily unused

 portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees of

 Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals. While

 Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such approvals,
Borrower anticipates

 such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG' s existing long term debt and

 for other general corporate purposes including long term capital expenditures.
Draws on the revolving facility will

 be employed for working capital requirements including gas purchases and short
term capital expenditures.

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North Carolina Public

 Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in Ashe, Watauga,
Warren, Wilkes, Surry and

 Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary of Energy West Incorporated
which is in tum a subsidiary of

 Gas Natural Inc., which is a utility holding company publicly traded on the
NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker

 symbol: EGAS).

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin o North Carolina &middot; 28621 o Ph:
336&middot;526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336&middot;526-9940

 For your infonnution, we enclose the latest annual report for FNG filed with
the North Carolina Public Utilities

 Commission for CY 2013. That annual report includes the balance sheet and
income statement for the calendar

 year and information regarding employees in this state, and the volumes of
natural gas sold at retail and delivered

 or transported to consumers. Also attached please find the Balance Sheet,
Income statement and Statement of Cash

 Flows as of October 31, 2014 as filed with the Staff of the North Carolina
Public Utilities Commission. Also

 included is the December 3 I, 2013 Form 1 0-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with
the Securities Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 Finally, we have enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you require,

 please do not hesitate to request it.

 Once you have had the opportunity to review the attached if you would like to
schedule a meeting to discuss further

 please contact me at one of the above telephone numbers.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be acceptable to

 you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a financing
facility on terms you would consider. I

 request the favor of your response before close of business on January 7, 2015.


 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 Fred Steele

 General Manager

 Enclosures

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC~s GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Mr. Tony Hyde

 Vice President/Commercial Relationship Manager

 First Community Bank

 312 Jonestown Road

 Winston Salem, NC 27104

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Tony:

 Thank you for taking the time to discuss the financing needs of Frontier
Natural Gas, LLC (FNG). We

 discussed several options for financing and we are very interested in any
proposals that you find worthy

 of consideration. After our telephone discussion of yesterday I felt that it
best seek Senior Management's

 input on the credit facility that they feel would best suit FNG.

 We would like to formalize our request for the stand-alone financing package in
the form of this letter.

 Frontier Natural Gas (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying the
conditions under which

 you would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNG. We are seeking a
facility that might contain

 the following general characteristics:

 1. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for

 issuing standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Tenn Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with

 the revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility
")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and

 payable in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily

 unused portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees

 of Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals.

 While Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such
approvals,

 Borrower anticipates such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG's existing long term

 debt and for other general corporate purposes including long term capital
expenditures. Draws on the

 revolving facility will be employed for working capital requirements including
gas purchases and short

 term capital expenditures.

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin &middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621 o Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336-526-9940

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North

 Carolina Public Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in
Ashe, Watauga,

 Warren, Wilkes, Surry and Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary
of Energy West

 Incorporated which is in tum a subsidiary of Gas Natural Inc.,&middot;which is
a utility holding company

 publicly traded on the NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker symbol: EGAS).

 In addition to the information I have previously provided- we enclose the
latest annual report for FNG

 filed with the North Carolina Public Utilities Commission for CY 2013. That
annual report includes the

 balance sheet and income statement for the calendar year and information
regarding employees in this

 state, and the volumes of natural gas sold at retail and delivered or
transported to consumers. Also

 included is the December 31, 2013 Form 10-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with the
Securities Exchange

 Commission, reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated
utility segment and

 consolidated results.

 We have also enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you

 require, please do not hesitate to request it.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be

 acceptable to you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a
financing facility on terms

 you would consider. I request the favor of your response before close of
business on January 7, 2015.

 Thank you.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Regulatory update: North Carolina Utilities Commission;Frontier Natural Gas
Company, LLC , has issued (G-40 Sub 133) Affidavit of James E. Sprague

LENGTH: 6059 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Raleigh: North Carolina Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA

 UTILITIES COMMISSION

 RALEIGH

 Docket No. G-40, Sub 133

 BEFORE THE NORTH CAROLINA UTILITIES COMMISSION:

 In the Matter of:

 Application of Frontier Natural Gas

 Company, LLC for Conditional Approvals

 Relating to Corporate Reorganization and

 Debt Refinancing

 )



 )

 )

 )

 )

 )

 AFFIDAVIT OF FRED A. STEELE

 The undersigned, having first been duly sworn, deposes and says as follows:

 1. My name is Fred A. Steele. I am over the age of 18 and otherwise competent
to

 testify. I have reviewed the statements herein, and swear that they are true,
to the best of my

 personal knowledge.

 2. I am the President and General Manager of Frontier Natural Gas Company, LLC

 ("Frontier"). My business address is 110 PGW Drive, Elkin, NC 28621.

 3. The purpose ofthis Affidavit is to generally describe the Application for

 Approvals of Corporate Reorganization and Debt Refinancing ("Application") that
is filed

 concurrently herewith, as well as a new proposed corporate reorganization
between Frontier's

 ultimate parent, Gas Natural Inc. ("GNI"), and it's various subsidiaries. In
addition, I will also

 summarize the proposed intercompany agreements between GNI and Frontier by
which Frontier

 will access the funds available through the GNI refinancing, and provide my
opinion, as General

 Manager of Frontier, that this financing is in the best long-term interest of
Frontier and its

 customers.

 4. The proposed intercompany agreements between GNI and Frontier include three

 (3) agreements: (1) Revolving Line of Credit for access to $7.2 million; (2)
Long Term Note in

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 1

 the amount of$8.7 million; and (3) Four Year Term Note for the SAP IT Operating
System in

 the amount of$1.075 million.

 5. As is more fully described in the Application verified by Kevin Degenstein
and

 Jim Sprague, this new corporate structure and the new the intercompany
financing agreements

 through which Frontier will receive its financing require Commission approval
pursuant to

 N.C.G.S. §§ 62-111(a), 62-153, and 62-161 . I am providing this Affidavit
concurrently with,

 and in support of, the Application requesting this approval.

 Corporate Reorganization

 6. Under the current corporate structure, GNI is the ultimate parent of several


 entities including Energy West Incorporated (EWI). GNI also separately owns
other regulated

 utilities that operate distribution systems and an intrastate pipeline in Ohio
and is the parent of

 several unregulated entities as well. EWI is the parent of several regulated
utilities in Montana,

 Maine, and North Carolina, including Frontier Utilities of North Carolina, Inc.
("Frontier

 Utilities"), which is the intermediate holding company for Frontier. A current
corporate

 structure is set forth in Exhibit 1 attached to this Affidavit.

 Having EWI, which is regulated by the Montana Commission, serve as the parent
of

 Frontier Utilities and other regulated utilities, as well as GNI' s ownership
of other unregulated

 businesses in other states, has created in my opinion the potential for
jurisdictional conflict,

 confusion in accountability, and the potential for inconsistent practices among
subsidiaries.

 7. Under the newly proposed corporate structure, GNI would continue to be the

 ultimate parent of Frontier. However, Frontier Utilities will be dissolved and
a new subsidiary

 of GNI (currently designated as a newly formed intermediary company ("NIC") for
the purpose

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 2

 of the Application) would serve as the holding company for Frontier as well as
the other

 regulated affiliates operating in Ohio, Montana and Maine.

 8. The regulated subsidiaries would all become direct, separate subsidiaries of
GNI

 through NIC, not through a variety of different regulated and non-regulated
holding companies.

 GNI will also directly own the other non-regulated companies currently
operating in the Midwest

 and Montana, but these unregulated companies will be separate from the
regulated companies

 The new proposed corporate structure is set forth below in Exhibit 2 attached
to this Affidavit.

 9. It is my opinion and belief that this new proposed structure is beneficial
for a

 number of reasons. It essentially separates Frontier, as a North Carolina
regulated utility, for

 corporate formation, operational, regulatory, and financing purposes and
provides for consistent

 governance over all regulated utilities. It eliminates the concern of potential
multi-jurisdictional

 regulatory conflict and potential confusion by GNI' s current ownership
structure of regulated

 and unregulated subsidiaries. It still provides, however, the benefits of being
part of a larger

 organization with shared resources, expertise, and best practices, economies of
scale, and access

 to capital, as illustrated by the proposed financed discussed below.

 Debt Financing Agreements

 10. As part ofthe last financing case filed in Docket G-40, Sub 105 and
approved by

 Commission Order dated August 8, 2012 ("Refinancing Order"), the Commission
approved a

 credit agreement between Energy West Incorporated ("EWI") and Frontier that
consisted of a

 $30 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a $10 million unsecured
long-term debt

 facility. Frontier was a part of the pool of guarantors of this financing,
along with other EWI

 subsidiaries, and provided a limited recourse guarantee of $12.8 million of the
aggregate amount.

 During the proceedings, the Public Staff expressed concerns that the $12.8
million limited

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 3

 recourse guarantee of Frontier could cause Frontier to guarantee more debt than
EWI had

 borrowed and provided on Frontier's behalf, but ultimately recommended the
approval to avoid

 the risks created by rejection of the proposed refinancing transactions.

 11. That debt package is not in default and is still providing financing to
Frontier, but

 it expires in a little over a year, on April 1, 2017. Since the time of the
Refinancing Order in

 2012, GNI and its subsidiaries, including Frontier, have been exploring
alternative forms of

 financing, as well as a new corporate structure, as described above, to
accommodate and

 facilitate this financing.

 12. Beginning in November 2014, I began identifying potential lenders for

 replacement financing directly to Frontier. I sent letters attached to this
Affidavit as Exhibit 3 to

 Yadkin Bank, BB&T, Carter Banlc & Trust, and First Community Bank requesting
term sheets

 for a Term Loan and revolving Line of Credit for Frontier. I also provided each
ofthese banks

 with information about Frontier in order for them to evaluate and respond to
our request,

 including financial statements, service territory maps, corporate
organizational chart, listing of

 the property, plant, and equipment, schedule of rates for all classes of
customers, schedule of

 largest customers and their annual usage, regulatory reports, pipeline maps
showing the

 transmission, distribution, and service lines, and schedule showing the number
of customers in

 each of the service areas served by Frontier.

 13. To follow-up, I had several individual meetings with representatives from
Yadkin

 Bank and First Community Bank, culminating in meetings by Kevin Degenstein, Jed
Henthorne,

 and me with each banlc on April27, 2015. In addition, I met with
representatives ofBB&T in

 mid-2015. I also had several telephone conversations with bankers at Carter
Bank & Trust to

 assess their interest and answer their questions.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 4

 14. After all of these efforts over several months, the only bank that
submitted a term

 sheet was First Community Bank which is attached hereto as Confidential Exhibit
4. Based

 upon this experience, it is my belief that Frontier's small size was a major
impediment to

 receiving attractive financing options from independent lenders.

 15. I evaluated the proposal from First Community Bank carefully, but concluded
that

 it did not provide the flexibility and terms necessary for Frontier's financing
needs and that

 would allow Frontier to continue to operate successfully and expand as we
intend. It was

 certainly not comparable to the financing being offered through the
intercompany agreements

 with GNI described below.

 16. GNI management, on behalf of its subsidiaries and in consultation with me
and

 my counterparts with the other regulated operating utilities, also solicited
and evaluated debt

 financing options. We evaluated the financing options that were presented and
the

 organizational structure that would allow us to achieve the company's goal and
accommodate the

 necessary financing within the regulatory framework in which we operate. We
have now

 finalized that process and are proposing an organizational structure and
financing arrangement

 that I believe should simplify regulatory oversight, ensure accountability,
improve operational

 efficiencies, and provide sufficient capital to Frontier on the most cost
effective basis.

 17. Under the proposed financing, as explained in the Application, the
currently

 effective amended and restated credit agreement between EWI and Bank of America
("BOA")

 will be replaced by a new senior credit agreement between GNI and BOA ("the BOA
Senior

 Credit Facility"). This GNI financing will take the form of a $42 million
revolving line of credit

 that will be available for a period of five years for GNI to provide funds
pursuant to

 intercompany notes to Frontier and the other regulated operating utilities,
designed to ensure the

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 5

 regulated utilities such as Frontier have adequate access to capital during the
winter season and

 in order to procure gas supply in connection with operations, as well as for
other general

 operational purposes. Guarantees of the BOA Senior Credit Facility will be
required only from

 the unregulated subsidiaries of GNI and from NIC, while GNI will be the sole
Borrower. No

 direct recourse from BOA will extend to regulated subsidiaries downstream ofNIC
such as to

 Frontier. The revolving facility will terminate five years from closing.

 18. GNI also plans to issue up to $50 million ofNew Senior Unsecured Notes
("the

 Senior Unsecured Notes"), the terms of which are fully discussed by James E.
Sprague, GNI

 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, in his Affidavit. Both the proceeds
from the Senior

 Credit Facility and from the Senior Unsecured Notes will be used to refinance
the existing debt

 and provide financing for general operational purposes and system expansion.

 19. The long-term note, which details the obligations ofGNI as the issuer, as
well as

 the non-regulated subsidiary guarantors, does not include Frontier as a direct
issuer or guarantor

 (similar to the revolving line with BOA). Neither Frontier, nor any of GNI's
other regulated

 operating utilities, will have any obligation for activities, borrowings, or
guarantees provided by

 any other GNI company or directly on the long-term note.

 20. The third component of the financing is a four (4) year term debt facility
in the

 amount of $7.0 million that will be used to consolidate several smaller loans
by GNI used for

 acquisition and development of an SAP software based operating system used by
all of the GNI

 companies (the "SAP Financing"). As is the case with the revolving line of
credit and the long

 term note issuance, GNI will be the sole borrower for the SAP Financing, no
guarantees will be

 required of the regulated operating utilities, including Frontier, and Frontier
will only be

 responsible through an intercompany note between GNI and Frontier for a
proportional piece of

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 6

 the SAP Financing. BOA is the proposed lender on the SAP Financing and will
require the SAP

 Software license to be pledged by GNI as collateral for this $7.0 million loan.


 21. Frontier will not have any guarantees directly to BOA. Based upon the
credit

 available through the BOA Senior Credit Facility, Senior Unsecured Notes, and
SAP Financing,

 Frontier will be eligible to draw a total of$15.9 million for its own
operational needs ($7.2

 million under the revolving line of credit, $8.7 million under the long-term
debt) and in addition

 receive $1.07 5 million from the SAP Financing (of which $820,000 will pay
Frontier's portion

 of the cost of the SAP software, licenses, and installation). If approved,
Frontier will enter into

 three intercompany notes with GNI, without any obligations directly to BOA or
Merrill Lynch

 ("ML"). Under the intercompany agreements, Frontier's only obligations will be
to GNI and its

 exposure is limited to what is has borrowed and used and extends no further.

 22. There are several benefits to Frontier under this financing structure as
compared

 to the structure that has been in place since 2012. First, as mentioned,
Frontier has no direct

 responsibility to BOA for either credit facility. Further, because funds for
the individual

 operating companies are treated separately and are reserved for the operating
subsidiaries under

 distinct, standalone "silos", there is no danger that the needs of other
utilities will impinge upon

 Frontier's access to its own capital or create any risk to Frontier. Upon
approval of the

 intercompany loans requested in this application, the new debt will be put in
place, paying off the

 existing debt and Frontier will execute its intercompany notes for access to
stand-alone line of

 credit through GNI. The other operating utilities will execute their own
intercompany notes and

 have access to their own lines, independent of Frontier and any other GNI
obligations. As a

 result of this structure, there is no potential for cross-collateralization or
cross-default. Also,

 Frontier will have full access to the SAP Software and operating system and all
of the associated

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 7

 developments related to the system although it will only be responsible for a
fraction of the

 development costs. Each of the GNI entities will benefit similarly.

 23. The Company has reviewed its operating needs over the last four years,
which

 have included periods of major construction and capital expansion efforts and
periods when the

 cost of gas has been high during winter months. The total amount of the
proposed debt should

 be sufficient to give Frontier adequate headroom in meeting its operational
needs, including

 anticipated construction, cost of gas, etc. in the years ahead, based on its
current capital

 expenditure forecasts.

 24. In the previous financing proceeding, the Public Staff expressed concerns
with

 Frontier's financial obligations to BOA for the credit facility and its
execution of a limited

 recourse guarantee. The proposed financing arrangement addresses those
concerns. Unlike the

 last financing proceeding, the current financing arrangement is between GNI and
BOA, and

 Frontier and other regulated subsidiaries have no obligations to the ultimate
lender or to each

 other. Frontier will only be obligated for funds to which it has access, and no
other subsidiary or

 GNI will have access to those funds. The intercompany loan agreements between
Frontier and

 GNI will establish the limits of its obligations and make it clear that
Frontier's obligations are

 limited by its borrowings. No assets will be pledged or required by Frontier to
secure access to

 this working capital and long term debt. The only asset that is pledged as
collateral for any of

 the three facilities is the SAP Software, pledged by GNI. This structure should
significantly

 reduce or even eliminate the prior concerns that the Public Staff had regarding
Frontier's

 obligations.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 8

 25. Frontier has continued to add to its infrastructure to access new market
areas and

 to expand service in its service territory. As noted in the testimony filed in
Frontier's annual

 review of gas costs dockets, the number of customers served by Frontier has
increased 26% from

 2011 to 2012, 28% from 2012 to 2013, 27.7% from 2013 to 2014 and 11.8% from
2014 to 2015.

 Frontier needs both short-term and long-term debt resources in order to have
sufficient access to

 meet cyclical cash flow needs throughout the year, to pay fixed expenses during
non-heating

 months, to benefit from seasonal opportunities and provide operational
flexibility to lower

 overall costs, and to provide long-term financing for capital investments to
allow it to continue to

 grow as it has over the past few years.

 26. I believe that the proposed intercompany agreements with GNI offer the most
cost

 effective option for financing for Frontier. What I have learned over the past
year is that many

 lenders are not familiar with the utility and gas industry and are hesitant to
lend or offer credit at

 a premium in order to cover their perception of potential risks. In addition,
financing is an area

 where there are economies of scale. At the parent level, due to the size of the
facility, GNI is

 better able to secure more favorable interest rates and other terms, and pass
those benefits on to

 Frontier through the intercompany agreements.

 27. Finally, I want to note that Frontier currently has a shared services
agreement with

 EWI, which has been previously filed with the Commission. This agreement
allowed EWI to

 charge Frontier for shared services. Since EWI will no longer be the parent of
Frontier, the

 Company will need to enter into a new shared services agreement with NIC (and
NIC will in turn

 enter into a similar agreement with GNI). The new shared services agreements
shall contain the

 same terms as those in the existing agreement; the only difference is that
current intermediate

 holding company has been substituted for GNI as the party to the agreement with
Frontier.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 9

 Under these arrangements, centralized administrative and professional services
such as

 accounting, legal, engineering, technology systems, data management or other
shared services

 for GNI subsidiaries are provided. Expenses that arise from the individual
needs of any specific

 subsidiary are directly assigned to that entity. This will continue to ensure
that Frontier's

 ratepayers are only responsible for those expenditures necessary for the
efficient and reliable

 operation of Frontier. This new shared service agreement will be filed with the
Commission

 upon approval of the corporate reorganization,

 Further affiant sayeth not.

 Fred A. Steele

 STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA

 SURRY COUNTY

 Sworn to~d subscribed before me

 this ~&middot;aay 2016.

 aWl~

 Notary Public

 \ (SEAL)

 RALEIGH 501299,5

 10

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 It is hereby certified that the foregoing Affidavit of Fred A. Steele has been
served this

 17th day ofFebruary, 2016, by hand delivery, electronic mail or by depositing
copies of same in

 a depository under the exclusive care and custody of the United States Postal
Service in postage

 prepaid envelopes and properly addressed as follows:

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 Christopher J. Ayers, Esq.

 Executive Director

 North Carolina Public Staff

 430 N. Salisbury Street

 Raleigh, NC 27611

 Elizabeth Culpepper, Esq.

 Legal Division

 North Carolina Public Staff

 430 N. Salisbury Street

 Raleigh, NC 27611

 SMITH MOORE LEATHERWOOD, LLP

 11

 RALEIGH 501587.1

 Gas Natural Inc.

 (Ohio)

 EXHIBIT 1

 Ret-.-ources,

 LLC (OH)

 Insurance,

 LLC (OH)

 (6)

 Brnin:ard

 Gas Corp.

 (OH)

 Service

 Company

 LLC (OH)

 Great Pl.ains

 Natural Gas

 Company

 (OH)

 EXHIBIT 2

 Cut Bank Gas

 Company

 (MT)

 Gas Natural Inc.

 (Ohio)

 New

 Holding Company

 Energy West

 Montana, Inc.

 (MT)

 I

 Frontier Natural

 Gas Company,

 LLC

 (NC)

 r-----~------~--------~----~

 Gas Natural

 Resources,

 LLC

 (OH)

 Bangor Gas

 Company, LLC

 (ME)

 Energy West

 Resources, Inc.

 (MT)

 Lone Wolfe

 Insurance,

 LLC

 (OH)

 NE Ohio

 Natural Gas

 (OH)

 Brainard

 Gas Corp.

 (OH)

 Orwell

 Natural

 Gas

 (OH)

 Energy West

 Propane, Inc.

 (MT)

 Spelman

 Pipeline,

 LLC

 (OH)

 RE-ORG

 EXHIBIT3

 TO

 AFFIDAVIT OF FRED A. STEELE

 LETTERS TO POTENTIAL LENDERS

 Yadkin Bank

 RALEIGH 501591.1

 BB&T

 Carter Bank & Trust

 First Community Bank

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Mr. Van Hamlin

 Senior Vice President/Market Executive

 Yadkin Bank

 1318 N Bridge Street

 Elkin, NC 28621

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Van:

 Thank you for lunch and for taking the time to discuss the financing needs of
Frontier Natural Gas, LLC

 (FNG). We discussed several options for financing and we are very interested in
any proposals that you

 find worthy of consideration. Following up on our lunch and telephone
discussions I felt it best to seek

 the input of senior management and formalize our thoughts on a credit facility.


 We would like to formalize our request for the stand-alone financing package in
the form of this letter.

 Frontier Natural Gas (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying the
conditions under which

 you would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNG. We are seeking a
facility that might contain

 the following general characteristics:

 1. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for

 issuing standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Tenn Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with

 the revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility
")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and

 payable in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily

 unused portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees

 of Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals.

 While BoiTower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such
approvals,

 Borrower anticipates such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG's existing long term

 debt and for other general corporate purposes including long term capital
expenditures. Draws on the

 revolving facility will be employed for working capital requirements including
gas purchases and short

 term capital expenditures.

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin &middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621&middot; Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336&middot;526-9940

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North

 Carolina Public Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in
Ashe, Watauga,

 Warren, Wilkes, Surry and Yadkin Counties, North Carolina. We are a subsidiary
of Energy West

 Incorporated which is in turn a subsidiary of Gas Natural Inc., which is a
utility holding company

 publicly traded on the NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker symbol: EGAS).

 In addition to the information previously provided-, we enclose the latest
annual report for FNG filed with

 the North Caro1ina Public Utilities Commission for CY 2013 .. That annual
report includes balance sheet

 and income statements for the calendar year and information regarding employees
in this state, and the

 volumes of natural gas sold at retail and delivered or transported to
consumers. Also included is the

 December 31,2013 Form 10-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with the Securities
Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 We have also enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you

 require, please do not hesitate to request it.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be

 acceptable to you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a
financing facility on terms

 you would consider. I request the favor of your response before close of
business on January 7, 2015.

 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 F~ A S}JJ

 Fred Steele

 General Manager

 February 9, 2015

 Michelle Tompkins

 Carter Bank and Trust

 POBox 99

 Hillsville, VA 24343

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOlCE

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Ms. Tompkins:

 Frontier Natural Gas, LLC (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying
the conditions under which you

 would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNO. We are seeking a
facility that might contain the following

 general characteristics:

 I. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for issuing

 standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Term Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with the

 revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and payable

 in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily unused

 portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees of

 Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals. While

 Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such approvals,
Borrower anticipates

 such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the tenn facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG' s existing long term debt and

 for other geneml corporate purposes including long term capital expenditures.
Draws on the revolving facility will

 be employed for working capital requirements including gas purchases and short
term capital expenditures.

 FNO is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North Carolina Public

 Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in Ashe, Watauga,
Warren, Wilkes, Surry and

 Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary of Energy West Incorporated
which is in turn n subsidiary of

 Gas Natural Inc., which is a utility holding company publicly traded on the
NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker

 symbol: EGAS).

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin&middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621 &middot; Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336-526&middot;9940

 For your information, we enclose the latest annual report for FNG filed with
the North Carolina Public Utilities

 Commission for CY 2013. That annual report includes the balance sheet and
income statement for the calendar

 year and information regarding employees in this state, and the volumes of
natural gas sold at retail and delivered

 or transported to consumers. Also attached please find the Balance Sheet,
Income statement and Statement of Cash

 Flows as of October 31, 2014 as filed with the Staff of the North Carolina
Public Utilities Commission. Also

 included is the December 31, 20 J 3 Form I 0-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with
the Securities Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 Finally, we have enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you require,

 please do not hesitate to request it.

 Once you have had the opportunity to review the attached if you would like to
schedule a meeting to discuss further

 please contact me at one of the above telephone numbers.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be acceptable to

 you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a financing
facility on terms you would consider. I

 request the favor of your response before close of business on February 23,
2015.

 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 Fred A Steele

 General Manager

 Enclosures

 Ben Staton

 Senior Vice President

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Regional Corporate Banking Manager, Triad Region

 BB&T

 1 10 S. Stratford Road

 Winston Salem, NC 27104

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Mr. Staton:

 Following up on my telephone messages, Frontier Natural Gas, LLC (FNG) requests
a term sheet from your bank

 specifying the conditions under which you would consider offering a senior
credit facility to FNG. We are seeking

 a facility that might contain the following general characteristics:

 I. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for issuing

 standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Term Facility: Up to $1 I ,000,000 term Joan facility ("term facility", and
together with the

 revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and payable

 in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily unused

 portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees of

 Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals. While

 Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such approvals,
Borrower anticipates

 such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG' s existing long term debt and

 for other general corporate purposes including long term capital expenditures.
Draws on the revolving facility will

 be employed for working capital requirements including gas purchases and short
term capital expenditures.

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North Carolina Public

 Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in Ashe, Watauga,
Warren, Wilkes, Surry and

 Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary of Energy West Incorporated
which is in tum a subsidiary of

 Gas Natural Inc., which is a utility holding company publicly traded on the
NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker

 symbol: EGAS).

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin o North Carolina &middot; 28621 o Ph:
336&middot;526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336&middot;526-9940

 For your infonnution, we enclose the latest annual report for FNG filed with
the North Carolina Public Utilities

 Commission for CY 2013. That annual report includes the balance sheet and
income statement for the calendar

 year and information regarding employees in this state, and the volumes of
natural gas sold at retail and delivered

 or transported to consumers. Also attached please find the Balance Sheet,
Income statement and Statement of Cash

 Flows as of October 31, 2014 as filed with the Staff of the North Carolina
Public Utilities Commission. Also

 included is the December 3 I, 2013 Form 1 0-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with
the Securities Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 Finally, we have enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you require,

 please do not hesitate to request it.

 Once you have had the opportunity to review the attached if you would like to
schedule a meeting to discuss further

 please contact me at one of the above telephone numbers.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be acceptable to

 you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a financing
facility on terms you would consider. I

 request the favor of your response before close of business on January 7, 2015.


 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 Fred Steele

 General Manager

 Enclosures

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC~s GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Mr. Tony Hyde

 Vice President/Commercial Relationship Manager

 First Community Bank

 312 Jonestown Road

 Winston Salem, NC 27104

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Tony:

 Thank you for taking the time to discuss the financing needs of Frontier
Natural Gas, LLC (FNG). We

 discussed several options for financing and we are very interested in any
proposals that you find worthy

 of consideration. After our telephone discussion of yesterday I felt that it
best seek Senior Management's

 input on the credit facility that they feel would best suit FNG.

 We would like to formalize our request for the stand-alone financing package in
the form of this letter.

 Frontier Natural Gas (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying the
conditions under which

 you would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNG. We are seeking a
facility that might contain

 the following general characteristics:

 1. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for

 issuing standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Tenn Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with

 the revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility
")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and

 payable in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily

 unused portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees

 of Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals.

 While Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such
approvals,

 Borrower anticipates such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG's existing long term

 debt and for other general corporate purposes including long term capital
expenditures. Draws on the

 revolving facility will be employed for working capital requirements including
gas purchases and short

 term capital expenditures.

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin &middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621 o Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336-526-9940

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North

 Carolina Public Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in
Ashe, Watauga,

 Warren, Wilkes, Surry and Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary
of Energy West

 Incorporated which is in tum a subsidiary of Gas Natural Inc.,&middot;which is
a utility holding company

 publicly traded on the NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker symbol: EGAS).

 In addition to the information I have previously provided- we enclose the
latest annual report for FNG

 filed with the North Carolina Public Utilities Commission for CY 2013. That
annual report includes the

 balance sheet and income statement for the calendar year and information
regarding employees in this

 state, and the volumes of natural gas sold at retail and delivered or
transported to consumers. Also

 included is the December 31, 2013 Form 10-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with the
Securities Exchange

 Commission, reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated
utility segment and

 consolidated results.

 We have also enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you

 require, please do not hesitate to request it.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be

 acceptable to you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a
financing facility on terms

 you would consider. I request the favor of your response before close of
business on January 7, 2015.

 Thank you.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Regulatory update: North Carolina Utilities Commission;Frontier Natural Gas
Company, LLC , has issued (G-40 Sub 133) Affidavit of James E. Sprague

LENGTH: 6059 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Raleigh: North Carolina Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA

 UTILITIES COMMISSION

 RALEIGH

 Docket No. G-40, Sub 133

 BEFORE THE NORTH CAROLINA UTILITIES COMMISSION:

 In the Matter of:

 Application of Frontier Natural Gas

 Company, LLC for Conditional Approvals

 Relating to Corporate Reorganization and

 Debt Refinancing

 )



 )

 )

 )

 )

 )

 AFFIDAVIT OF FRED A. STEELE

 The undersigned, having first been duly sworn, deposes and says as follows:

 1. My name is Fred A. Steele. I am over the age of 18 and otherwise competent
to

 testify. I have reviewed the statements herein, and swear that they are true,
to the best of my

 personal knowledge.

 2. I am the President and General Manager of Frontier Natural Gas Company, LLC

 ("Frontier"). My business address is 110 PGW Drive, Elkin, NC 28621.

 3. The purpose ofthis Affidavit is to generally describe the Application for

 Approvals of Corporate Reorganization and Debt Refinancing ("Application") that
is filed

 concurrently herewith, as well as a new proposed corporate reorganization
between Frontier's

 ultimate parent, Gas Natural Inc. ("GNI"), and it's various subsidiaries. In
addition, I will also

 summarize the proposed intercompany agreements between GNI and Frontier by
which Frontier

 will access the funds available through the GNI refinancing, and provide my
opinion, as General

 Manager of Frontier, that this financing is in the best long-term interest of
Frontier and its

 customers.

 4. The proposed intercompany agreements between GNI and Frontier include three

 (3) agreements: (1) Revolving Line of Credit for access to $7.2 million; (2)
Long Term Note in

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 1

 the amount of$8.7 million; and (3) Four Year Term Note for the SAP IT Operating
System in

 the amount of$1.075 million.

 5. As is more fully described in the Application verified by Kevin Degenstein
and

 Jim Sprague, this new corporate structure and the new the intercompany
financing agreements

 through which Frontier will receive its financing require Commission approval
pursuant to

 N.C.G.S. §§ 62-111(a), 62-153, and 62-161 . I am providing this Affidavit
concurrently with,

 and in support of, the Application requesting this approval.

 Corporate Reorganization

 6. Under the current corporate structure, GNI is the ultimate parent of several


 entities including Energy West Incorporated (EWI). GNI also separately owns
other regulated

 utilities that operate distribution systems and an intrastate pipeline in Ohio
and is the parent of

 several unregulated entities as well. EWI is the parent of several regulated
utilities in Montana,

 Maine, and North Carolina, including Frontier Utilities of North Carolina, Inc.
("Frontier

 Utilities"), which is the intermediate holding company for Frontier. A current
corporate

 structure is set forth in Exhibit 1 attached to this Affidavit.

 Having EWI, which is regulated by the Montana Commission, serve as the parent
of

 Frontier Utilities and other regulated utilities, as well as GNI' s ownership
of other unregulated

 businesses in other states, has created in my opinion the potential for
jurisdictional conflict,

 confusion in accountability, and the potential for inconsistent practices among
subsidiaries.

 7. Under the newly proposed corporate structure, GNI would continue to be the

 ultimate parent of Frontier. However, Frontier Utilities will be dissolved and
a new subsidiary

 of GNI (currently designated as a newly formed intermediary company ("NIC") for
the purpose

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 2

 of the Application) would serve as the holding company for Frontier as well as
the other

 regulated affiliates operating in Ohio, Montana and Maine.

 8. The regulated subsidiaries would all become direct, separate subsidiaries of
GNI

 through NIC, not through a variety of different regulated and non-regulated
holding companies.

 GNI will also directly own the other non-regulated companies currently
operating in the Midwest

 and Montana, but these unregulated companies will be separate from the
regulated companies

 The new proposed corporate structure is set forth below in Exhibit 2 attached
to this Affidavit.

 9. It is my opinion and belief that this new proposed structure is beneficial
for a

 number of reasons. It essentially separates Frontier, as a North Carolina
regulated utility, for

 corporate formation, operational, regulatory, and financing purposes and
provides for consistent

 governance over all regulated utilities. It eliminates the concern of potential
multi-jurisdictional

 regulatory conflict and potential confusion by GNI' s current ownership
structure of regulated

 and unregulated subsidiaries. It still provides, however, the benefits of being
part of a larger

 organization with shared resources, expertise, and best practices, economies of
scale, and access

 to capital, as illustrated by the proposed financed discussed below.

 Debt Financing Agreements

 10. As part ofthe last financing case filed in Docket G-40, Sub 105 and
approved by

 Commission Order dated August 8, 2012 ("Refinancing Order"), the Commission
approved a

 credit agreement between Energy West Incorporated ("EWI") and Frontier that
consisted of a

 $30 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a $10 million unsecured
long-term debt

 facility. Frontier was a part of the pool of guarantors of this financing,
along with other EWI

 subsidiaries, and provided a limited recourse guarantee of $12.8 million of the
aggregate amount.

 During the proceedings, the Public Staff expressed concerns that the $12.8
million limited

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 3

 recourse guarantee of Frontier could cause Frontier to guarantee more debt than
EWI had

 borrowed and provided on Frontier's behalf, but ultimately recommended the
approval to avoid

 the risks created by rejection of the proposed refinancing transactions.

 11. That debt package is not in default and is still providing financing to
Frontier, but

 it expires in a little over a year, on April 1, 2017. Since the time of the
Refinancing Order in

 2012, GNI and its subsidiaries, including Frontier, have been exploring
alternative forms of

 financing, as well as a new corporate structure, as described above, to
accommodate and

 facilitate this financing.

 12. Beginning in November 2014, I began identifying potential lenders for

 replacement financing directly to Frontier. I sent letters attached to this
Affidavit as Exhibit 3 to

 Yadkin Bank, BB&T, Carter Banlc & Trust, and First Community Bank requesting
term sheets

 for a Term Loan and revolving Line of Credit for Frontier. I also provided each
ofthese banks

 with information about Frontier in order for them to evaluate and respond to
our request,

 including financial statements, service territory maps, corporate
organizational chart, listing of

 the property, plant, and equipment, schedule of rates for all classes of
customers, schedule of

 largest customers and their annual usage, regulatory reports, pipeline maps
showing the

 transmission, distribution, and service lines, and schedule showing the number
of customers in

 each of the service areas served by Frontier.

 13. To follow-up, I had several individual meetings with representatives from
Yadkin

 Bank and First Community Bank, culminating in meetings by Kevin Degenstein, Jed
Henthorne,

 and me with each banlc on April27, 2015. In addition, I met with
representatives ofBB&T in

 mid-2015. I also had several telephone conversations with bankers at Carter
Bank & Trust to

 assess their interest and answer their questions.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 4

 14. After all of these efforts over several months, the only bank that
submitted a term

 sheet was First Community Bank which is attached hereto as Confidential Exhibit
4. Based

 upon this experience, it is my belief that Frontier's small size was a major
impediment to

 receiving attractive financing options from independent lenders.

 15. I evaluated the proposal from First Community Bank carefully, but concluded
that

 it did not provide the flexibility and terms necessary for Frontier's financing
needs and that

 would allow Frontier to continue to operate successfully and expand as we
intend. It was

 certainly not comparable to the financing being offered through the
intercompany agreements

 with GNI described below.

 16. GNI management, on behalf of its subsidiaries and in consultation with me
and

 my counterparts with the other regulated operating utilities, also solicited
and evaluated debt

 financing options. We evaluated the financing options that were presented and
the

 organizational structure that would allow us to achieve the company's goal and
accommodate the

 necessary financing within the regulatory framework in which we operate. We
have now

 finalized that process and are proposing an organizational structure and
financing arrangement

 that I believe should simplify regulatory oversight, ensure accountability,
improve operational

 efficiencies, and provide sufficient capital to Frontier on the most cost
effective basis.

 17. Under the proposed financing, as explained in the Application, the
currently

 effective amended and restated credit agreement between EWI and Bank of America
("BOA")

 will be replaced by a new senior credit agreement between GNI and BOA ("the BOA
Senior

 Credit Facility"). This GNI financing will take the form of a $42 million
revolving line of credit

 that will be available for a period of five years for GNI to provide funds
pursuant to

 intercompany notes to Frontier and the other regulated operating utilities,
designed to ensure the

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 5

 regulated utilities such as Frontier have adequate access to capital during the
winter season and

 in order to procure gas supply in connection with operations, as well as for
other general

 operational purposes. Guarantees of the BOA Senior Credit Facility will be
required only from

 the unregulated subsidiaries of GNI and from NIC, while GNI will be the sole
Borrower. No

 direct recourse from BOA will extend to regulated subsidiaries downstream ofNIC
such as to

 Frontier. The revolving facility will terminate five years from closing.

 18. GNI also plans to issue up to $50 million ofNew Senior Unsecured Notes
("the

 Senior Unsecured Notes"), the terms of which are fully discussed by James E.
Sprague, GNI

 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, in his Affidavit. Both the proceeds
from the Senior

 Credit Facility and from the Senior Unsecured Notes will be used to refinance
the existing debt

 and provide financing for general operational purposes and system expansion.

 19. The long-term note, which details the obligations ofGNI as the issuer, as
well as

 the non-regulated subsidiary guarantors, does not include Frontier as a direct
issuer or guarantor

 (similar to the revolving line with BOA). Neither Frontier, nor any of GNI's
other regulated

 operating utilities, will have any obligation for activities, borrowings, or
guarantees provided by

 any other GNI company or directly on the long-term note.

 20. The third component of the financing is a four (4) year term debt facility
in the

 amount of $7.0 million that will be used to consolidate several smaller loans
by GNI used for

 acquisition and development of an SAP software based operating system used by
all of the GNI

 companies (the "SAP Financing"). As is the case with the revolving line of
credit and the long

 term note issuance, GNI will be the sole borrower for the SAP Financing, no
guarantees will be

 required of the regulated operating utilities, including Frontier, and Frontier
will only be

 responsible through an intercompany note between GNI and Frontier for a
proportional piece of

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 6

 the SAP Financing. BOA is the proposed lender on the SAP Financing and will
require the SAP

 Software license to be pledged by GNI as collateral for this $7.0 million loan.


 21. Frontier will not have any guarantees directly to BOA. Based upon the
credit

 available through the BOA Senior Credit Facility, Senior Unsecured Notes, and
SAP Financing,

 Frontier will be eligible to draw a total of$15.9 million for its own
operational needs ($7.2

 million under the revolving line of credit, $8.7 million under the long-term
debt) and in addition

 receive $1.07 5 million from the SAP Financing (of which $820,000 will pay
Frontier's portion

 of the cost of the SAP software, licenses, and installation). If approved,
Frontier will enter into

 three intercompany notes with GNI, without any obligations directly to BOA or
Merrill Lynch

 ("ML"). Under the intercompany agreements, Frontier's only obligations will be
to GNI and its

 exposure is limited to what is has borrowed and used and extends no further.

 22. There are several benefits to Frontier under this financing structure as
compared

 to the structure that has been in place since 2012. First, as mentioned,
Frontier has no direct

 responsibility to BOA for either credit facility. Further, because funds for
the individual

 operating companies are treated separately and are reserved for the operating
subsidiaries under

 distinct, standalone "silos", there is no danger that the needs of other
utilities will impinge upon

 Frontier's access to its own capital or create any risk to Frontier. Upon
approval of the

 intercompany loans requested in this application, the new debt will be put in
place, paying off the

 existing debt and Frontier will execute its intercompany notes for access to
stand-alone line of

 credit through GNI. The other operating utilities will execute their own
intercompany notes and

 have access to their own lines, independent of Frontier and any other GNI
obligations. As a

 result of this structure, there is no potential for cross-collateralization or
cross-default. Also,

 Frontier will have full access to the SAP Software and operating system and all
of the associated

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 7

 developments related to the system although it will only be responsible for a
fraction of the

 development costs. Each of the GNI entities will benefit similarly.

 23. The Company has reviewed its operating needs over the last four years,
which

 have included periods of major construction and capital expansion efforts and
periods when the

 cost of gas has been high during winter months. The total amount of the
proposed debt should

 be sufficient to give Frontier adequate headroom in meeting its operational
needs, including

 anticipated construction, cost of gas, etc. in the years ahead, based on its
current capital

 expenditure forecasts.

 24. In the previous financing proceeding, the Public Staff expressed concerns
with

 Frontier's financial obligations to BOA for the credit facility and its
execution of a limited

 recourse guarantee. The proposed financing arrangement addresses those
concerns. Unlike the

 last financing proceeding, the current financing arrangement is between GNI and
BOA, and

 Frontier and other regulated subsidiaries have no obligations to the ultimate
lender or to each

 other. Frontier will only be obligated for funds to which it has access, and no
other subsidiary or

 GNI will have access to those funds. The intercompany loan agreements between
Frontier and

 GNI will establish the limits of its obligations and make it clear that
Frontier's obligations are

 limited by its borrowings. No assets will be pledged or required by Frontier to
secure access to

 this working capital and long term debt. The only asset that is pledged as
collateral for any of

 the three facilities is the SAP Software, pledged by GNI. This structure should
significantly

 reduce or even eliminate the prior concerns that the Public Staff had regarding
Frontier's

 obligations.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 8

 25. Frontier has continued to add to its infrastructure to access new market
areas and

 to expand service in its service territory. As noted in the testimony filed in
Frontier's annual

 review of gas costs dockets, the number of customers served by Frontier has
increased 26% from

 2011 to 2012, 28% from 2012 to 2013, 27.7% from 2013 to 2014 and 11.8% from
2014 to 2015.

 Frontier needs both short-term and long-term debt resources in order to have
sufficient access to

 meet cyclical cash flow needs throughout the year, to pay fixed expenses during
non-heating

 months, to benefit from seasonal opportunities and provide operational
flexibility to lower

 overall costs, and to provide long-term financing for capital investments to
allow it to continue to

 grow as it has over the past few years.

 26. I believe that the proposed intercompany agreements with GNI offer the most
cost

 effective option for financing for Frontier. What I have learned over the past
year is that many

 lenders are not familiar with the utility and gas industry and are hesitant to
lend or offer credit at

 a premium in order to cover their perception of potential risks. In addition,
financing is an area

 where there are economies of scale. At the parent level, due to the size of the
facility, GNI is

 better able to secure more favorable interest rates and other terms, and pass
those benefits on to

 Frontier through the intercompany agreements.

 27. Finally, I want to note that Frontier currently has a shared services
agreement with

 EWI, which has been previously filed with the Commission. This agreement
allowed EWI to

 charge Frontier for shared services. Since EWI will no longer be the parent of
Frontier, the

 Company will need to enter into a new shared services agreement with NIC (and
NIC will in turn

 enter into a similar agreement with GNI). The new shared services agreements
shall contain the

 same terms as those in the existing agreement; the only difference is that
current intermediate

 holding company has been substituted for GNI as the party to the agreement with
Frontier.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 9

 Under these arrangements, centralized administrative and professional services
such as

 accounting, legal, engineering, technology systems, data management or other
shared services

 for GNI subsidiaries are provided. Expenses that arise from the individual
needs of any specific

 subsidiary are directly assigned to that entity. This will continue to ensure
that Frontier's

 ratepayers are only responsible for those expenditures necessary for the
efficient and reliable

 operation of Frontier. This new shared service agreement will be filed with the
Commission

 upon approval of the corporate reorganization,

 Further affiant sayeth not.

 Fred A. Steele

 STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA

 SURRY COUNTY

 Sworn to~d subscribed before me

 this ~&middot;aay 2016.

 aWl~

 Notary Public

 \ (SEAL)

 RALEIGH 501299,5

 10

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 It is hereby certified that the foregoing Affidavit of Fred A. Steele has been
served this

 17th day ofFebruary, 2016, by hand delivery, electronic mail or by depositing
copies of same in

 a depository under the exclusive care and custody of the United States Postal
Service in postage

 prepaid envelopes and properly addressed as follows:

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 Christopher J. Ayers, Esq.

 Executive Director

 North Carolina Public Staff

 430 N. Salisbury Street

 Raleigh, NC 27611

 Elizabeth Culpepper, Esq.

 Legal Division

 North Carolina Public Staff

 430 N. Salisbury Street

 Raleigh, NC 27611

 SMITH MOORE LEATHERWOOD, LLP

 11

 RALEIGH 501587.1

 Gas Natural Inc.

 (Ohio)

 EXHIBIT 1

 Ret-.-ources,

 LLC (OH)

 Insurance,

 LLC (OH)

 (6)

 Brnin:ard

 Gas Corp.

 (OH)

 Service

 Company

 LLC (OH)

 Great Pl.ains

 Natural Gas

 Company

 (OH)

 EXHIBIT 2

 Cut Bank Gas

 Company

 (MT)

 Gas Natural Inc.

 (Ohio)

 New

 Holding Company

 Energy West

 Montana, Inc.

 (MT)

 I

 Frontier Natural

 Gas Company,

 LLC

 (NC)

 r-----~------~--------~----~

 Gas Natural

 Resources,

 LLC

 (OH)

 Bangor Gas

 Company, LLC

 (ME)

 Energy West

 Resources, Inc.

 (MT)

 Lone Wolfe

 Insurance,

 LLC

 (OH)

 NE Ohio

 Natural Gas

 (OH)

 Brainard

 Gas Corp.

 (OH)

 Orwell

 Natural

 Gas

 (OH)

 Energy West

 Propane, Inc.

 (MT)

 Spelman

 Pipeline,

 LLC

 (OH)

 RE-ORG

 EXHIBIT3

 TO

 AFFIDAVIT OF FRED A. STEELE

 LETTERS TO POTENTIAL LENDERS

 Yadkin Bank

 RALEIGH 501591.1

 BB&T

 Carter Bank & Trust

 First Community Bank

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Mr. Van Hamlin

 Senior Vice President/Market Executive

 Yadkin Bank

 1318 N Bridge Street

 Elkin, NC 28621

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Van:

 Thank you for lunch and for taking the time to discuss the financing needs of
Frontier Natural Gas, LLC

 (FNG). We discussed several options for financing and we are very interested in
any proposals that you

 find worthy of consideration. Following up on our lunch and telephone
discussions I felt it best to seek

 the input of senior management and formalize our thoughts on a credit facility.


 We would like to formalize our request for the stand-alone financing package in
the form of this letter.

 Frontier Natural Gas (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying the
conditions under which

 you would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNG. We are seeking a
facility that might contain

 the following general characteristics:

 1. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for

 issuing standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Tenn Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with

 the revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility
")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and

 payable in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily

 unused portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees

 of Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals.

 While BoiTower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such
approvals,

 Borrower anticipates such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG's existing long term

 debt and for other general corporate purposes including long term capital
expenditures. Draws on the

 revolving facility will be employed for working capital requirements including
gas purchases and short

 term capital expenditures.

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin &middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621&middot; Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336&middot;526-9940

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North

 Carolina Public Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in
Ashe, Watauga,

 Warren, Wilkes, Surry and Yadkin Counties, North Carolina. We are a subsidiary
of Energy West

 Incorporated which is in turn a subsidiary of Gas Natural Inc., which is a
utility holding company

 publicly traded on the NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker symbol: EGAS).

 In addition to the information previously provided-, we enclose the latest
annual report for FNG filed with

 the North Caro1ina Public Utilities Commission for CY 2013 .. That annual
report includes balance sheet

 and income statements for the calendar year and information regarding employees
in this state, and the

 volumes of natural gas sold at retail and delivered or transported to
consumers. Also included is the

 December 31,2013 Form 10-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with the Securities
Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 We have also enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you

 require, please do not hesitate to request it.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be

 acceptable to you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a
financing facility on terms

 you would consider. I request the favor of your response before close of
business on January 7, 2015.

 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 F~ A S}JJ

 Fred Steele

 General Manager

 February 9, 2015

 Michelle Tompkins

 Carter Bank and Trust

 POBox 99

 Hillsville, VA 24343

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOlCE

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Ms. Tompkins:

 Frontier Natural Gas, LLC (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying
the conditions under which you

 would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNO. We are seeking a
facility that might contain the following

 general characteristics:

 I. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for issuing

 standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Term Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with the

 revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and payable

 in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily unused

 portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees of

 Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals. While

 Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such approvals,
Borrower anticipates

 such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the tenn facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG' s existing long term debt and

 for other geneml corporate purposes including long term capital expenditures.
Draws on the revolving facility will

 be employed for working capital requirements including gas purchases and short
term capital expenditures.

 FNO is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North Carolina Public

 Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in Ashe, Watauga,
Warren, Wilkes, Surry and

 Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary of Energy West Incorporated
which is in turn n subsidiary of

 Gas Natural Inc., which is a utility holding company publicly traded on the
NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker

 symbol: EGAS).

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin&middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621 &middot; Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336-526&middot;9940

 For your information, we enclose the latest annual report for FNG filed with
the North Carolina Public Utilities

 Commission for CY 2013. That annual report includes the balance sheet and
income statement for the calendar

 year and information regarding employees in this state, and the volumes of
natural gas sold at retail and delivered

 or transported to consumers. Also attached please find the Balance Sheet,
Income statement and Statement of Cash

 Flows as of October 31, 2014 as filed with the Staff of the North Carolina
Public Utilities Commission. Also

 included is the December 31, 20 J 3 Form I 0-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with
the Securities Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 Finally, we have enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you require,

 please do not hesitate to request it.

 Once you have had the opportunity to review the attached if you would like to
schedule a meeting to discuss further

 please contact me at one of the above telephone numbers.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be acceptable to

 you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a financing
facility on terms you would consider. I

 request the favor of your response before close of business on February 23,
2015.

 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 Fred A Steele

 General Manager

 Enclosures

 Ben Staton

 Senior Vice President

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Regional Corporate Banking Manager, Triad Region

 BB&T

 1 10 S. Stratford Road

 Winston Salem, NC 27104

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Mr. Staton:

 Following up on my telephone messages, Frontier Natural Gas, LLC (FNG) requests
a term sheet from your bank

 specifying the conditions under which you would consider offering a senior
credit facility to FNG. We are seeking

 a facility that might contain the following general characteristics:

 I. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for issuing

 standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Term Facility: Up to $1 I ,000,000 term Joan facility ("term facility", and
together with the

 revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and payable

 in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily unused

 portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees of

 Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals. While

 Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such approvals,
Borrower anticipates

 such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG' s existing long term debt and

 for other general corporate purposes including long term capital expenditures.
Draws on the revolving facility will

 be employed for working capital requirements including gas purchases and short
term capital expenditures.

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North Carolina Public

 Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in Ashe, Watauga,
Warren, Wilkes, Surry and

 Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary of Energy West Incorporated
which is in tum a subsidiary of

 Gas Natural Inc., which is a utility holding company publicly traded on the
NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker

 symbol: EGAS).

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin o North Carolina &middot; 28621 o Ph:
336&middot;526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336&middot;526-9940

 For your infonnution, we enclose the latest annual report for FNG filed with
the North Carolina Public Utilities

 Commission for CY 2013. That annual report includes the balance sheet and
income statement for the calendar

 year and information regarding employees in this state, and the volumes of
natural gas sold at retail and delivered

 or transported to consumers. Also attached please find the Balance Sheet,
Income statement and Statement of Cash

 Flows as of October 31, 2014 as filed with the Staff of the North Carolina
Public Utilities Commission. Also

 included is the December 3 I, 2013 Form 1 0-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with
the Securities Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 Finally, we have enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you require,

 please do not hesitate to request it.

 Once you have had the opportunity to review the attached if you would like to
schedule a meeting to discuss further

 please contact me at one of the above telephone numbers.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be acceptable to

 you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a financing
facility on terms you would consider. I

 request the favor of your response before close of business on January 7, 2015.


 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 Fred Steele

 General Manager

 Enclosures

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC~s GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Mr. Tony Hyde

 Vice President/Commercial Relationship Manager

 First Community Bank

 312 Jonestown Road

 Winston Salem, NC 27104

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Tony:

 Thank you for taking the time to discuss the financing needs of Frontier
Natural Gas, LLC (FNG). We

 discussed several options for financing and we are very interested in any
proposals that you find worthy

 of consideration. After our telephone discussion of yesterday I felt that it
best seek Senior Management's

 input on the credit facility that they feel would best suit FNG.

 We would like to formalize our request for the stand-alone financing package in
the form of this letter.

 Frontier Natural Gas (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying the
conditions under which

 you would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNG. We are seeking a
facility that might contain

 the following general characteristics:

 1. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for

 issuing standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Tenn Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with

 the revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility
")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and

 payable in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily

 unused portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees

 of Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals.

 While Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such
approvals,

 Borrower anticipates such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG's existing long term

 debt and for other general corporate purposes including long term capital
expenditures. Draws on the

 revolving facility will be employed for working capital requirements including
gas purchases and short

 term capital expenditures.

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin &middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621 o Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336-526-9940

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North

 Carolina Public Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in
Ashe, Watauga,

 Warren, Wilkes, Surry and Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary
of Energy West

 Incorporated which is in tum a subsidiary of Gas Natural Inc.,&middot;which is
a utility holding company

 publicly traded on the NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker symbol: EGAS).

 In addition to the information I have previously provided- we enclose the
latest annual report for FNG

 filed with the North Carolina Public Utilities Commission for CY 2013. That
annual report includes the

 balance sheet and income statement for the calendar year and information
regarding employees in this

 state, and the volumes of natural gas sold at retail and delivered or
transported to consumers. Also

 included is the December 31, 2013 Form 10-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with the
Securities Exchange

 Commission, reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated
utility segment and

 consolidated results.

 We have also enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you

 require, please do not hesitate to request it.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be

 acceptable to you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a
financing facility on terms

 you would consider. I request the favor of your response before close of
business on January 7, 2015.

 Thank you.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Regulatory update: North Carolina Utilities Commission;Frontier Natural Gas
Company, LLC , has issued (G-40 Sub 133) Affidavit of James E. Sprague

LENGTH: 6059 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Raleigh: North Carolina Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA

 UTILITIES COMMISSION

 RALEIGH

 Docket No. G-40, Sub 133

 BEFORE THE NORTH CAROLINA UTILITIES COMMISSION:

 In the Matter of:

 Application of Frontier Natural Gas

 Company, LLC for Conditional Approvals

 Relating to Corporate Reorganization and

 Debt Refinancing

 )



 )

 )

 )

 )

 )

 AFFIDAVIT OF FRED A. STEELE

 The undersigned, having first been duly sworn, deposes and says as follows:

 1. My name is Fred A. Steele. I am over the age of 18 and otherwise competent
to

 testify. I have reviewed the statements herein, and swear that they are true,
to the best of my

 personal knowledge.

 2. I am the President and General Manager of Frontier Natural Gas Company, LLC

 ("Frontier"). My business address is 110 PGW Drive, Elkin, NC 28621.

 3. The purpose ofthis Affidavit is to generally describe the Application for

 Approvals of Corporate Reorganization and Debt Refinancing ("Application") that
is filed

 concurrently herewith, as well as a new proposed corporate reorganization
between Frontier's

 ultimate parent, Gas Natural Inc. ("GNI"), and it's various subsidiaries. In
addition, I will also

 summarize the proposed intercompany agreements between GNI and Frontier by
which Frontier

 will access the funds available through the GNI refinancing, and provide my
opinion, as General

 Manager of Frontier, that this financing is in the best long-term interest of
Frontier and its

 customers.

 4. The proposed intercompany agreements between GNI and Frontier include three

 (3) agreements: (1) Revolving Line of Credit for access to $7.2 million; (2)
Long Term Note in

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 1

 the amount of$8.7 million; and (3) Four Year Term Note for the SAP IT Operating
System in

 the amount of$1.075 million.

 5. As is more fully described in the Application verified by Kevin Degenstein
and

 Jim Sprague, this new corporate structure and the new the intercompany
financing agreements

 through which Frontier will receive its financing require Commission approval
pursuant to

 N.C.G.S. §§ 62-111(a), 62-153, and 62-161 . I am providing this Affidavit
concurrently with,

 and in support of, the Application requesting this approval.

 Corporate Reorganization

 6. Under the current corporate structure, GNI is the ultimate parent of several


 entities including Energy West Incorporated (EWI). GNI also separately owns
other regulated

 utilities that operate distribution systems and an intrastate pipeline in Ohio
and is the parent of

 several unregulated entities as well. EWI is the parent of several regulated
utilities in Montana,

 Maine, and North Carolina, including Frontier Utilities of North Carolina, Inc.
("Frontier

 Utilities"), which is the intermediate holding company for Frontier. A current
corporate

 structure is set forth in Exhibit 1 attached to this Affidavit.

 Having EWI, which is regulated by the Montana Commission, serve as the parent
of

 Frontier Utilities and other regulated utilities, as well as GNI' s ownership
of other unregulated

 businesses in other states, has created in my opinion the potential for
jurisdictional conflict,

 confusion in accountability, and the potential for inconsistent practices among
subsidiaries.

 7. Under the newly proposed corporate structure, GNI would continue to be the

 ultimate parent of Frontier. However, Frontier Utilities will be dissolved and
a new subsidiary

 of GNI (currently designated as a newly formed intermediary company ("NIC") for
the purpose

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 2

 of the Application) would serve as the holding company for Frontier as well as
the other

 regulated affiliates operating in Ohio, Montana and Maine.

 8. The regulated subsidiaries would all become direct, separate subsidiaries of
GNI

 through NIC, not through a variety of different regulated and non-regulated
holding companies.

 GNI will also directly own the other non-regulated companies currently
operating in the Midwest

 and Montana, but these unregulated companies will be separate from the
regulated companies

 The new proposed corporate structure is set forth below in Exhibit 2 attached
to this Affidavit.

 9. It is my opinion and belief that this new proposed structure is beneficial
for a

 number of reasons. It essentially separates Frontier, as a North Carolina
regulated utility, for

 corporate formation, operational, regulatory, and financing purposes and
provides for consistent

 governance over all regulated utilities. It eliminates the concern of potential
multi-jurisdictional

 regulatory conflict and potential confusion by GNI' s current ownership
structure of regulated

 and unregulated subsidiaries. It still provides, however, the benefits of being
part of a larger

 organization with shared resources, expertise, and best practices, economies of
scale, and access

 to capital, as illustrated by the proposed financed discussed below.

 Debt Financing Agreements

 10. As part ofthe last financing case filed in Docket G-40, Sub 105 and
approved by

 Commission Order dated August 8, 2012 ("Refinancing Order"), the Commission
approved a

 credit agreement between Energy West Incorporated ("EWI") and Frontier that
consisted of a

 $30 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a $10 million unsecured
long-term debt

 facility. Frontier was a part of the pool of guarantors of this financing,
along with other EWI

 subsidiaries, and provided a limited recourse guarantee of $12.8 million of the
aggregate amount.

 During the proceedings, the Public Staff expressed concerns that the $12.8
million limited

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 3

 recourse guarantee of Frontier could cause Frontier to guarantee more debt than
EWI had

 borrowed and provided on Frontier's behalf, but ultimately recommended the
approval to avoid

 the risks created by rejection of the proposed refinancing transactions.

 11. That debt package is not in default and is still providing financing to
Frontier, but

 it expires in a little over a year, on April 1, 2017. Since the time of the
Refinancing Order in

 2012, GNI and its subsidiaries, including Frontier, have been exploring
alternative forms of

 financing, as well as a new corporate structure, as described above, to
accommodate and

 facilitate this financing.

 12. Beginning in November 2014, I began identifying potential lenders for

 replacement financing directly to Frontier. I sent letters attached to this
Affidavit as Exhibit 3 to

 Yadkin Bank, BB&T, Carter Banlc & Trust, and First Community Bank requesting
term sheets

 for a Term Loan and revolving Line of Credit for Frontier. I also provided each
ofthese banks

 with information about Frontier in order for them to evaluate and respond to
our request,

 including financial statements, service territory maps, corporate
organizational chart, listing of

 the property, plant, and equipment, schedule of rates for all classes of
customers, schedule of

 largest customers and their annual usage, regulatory reports, pipeline maps
showing the

 transmission, distribution, and service lines, and schedule showing the number
of customers in

 each of the service areas served by Frontier.

 13. To follow-up, I had several individual meetings with representatives from
Yadkin

 Bank and First Community Bank, culminating in meetings by Kevin Degenstein, Jed
Henthorne,

 and me with each banlc on April27, 2015. In addition, I met with
representatives ofBB&T in

 mid-2015. I also had several telephone conversations with bankers at Carter
Bank & Trust to

 assess their interest and answer their questions.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 4

 14. After all of these efforts over several months, the only bank that
submitted a term

 sheet was First Community Bank which is attached hereto as Confidential Exhibit
4. Based

 upon this experience, it is my belief that Frontier's small size was a major
impediment to

 receiving attractive financing options from independent lenders.

 15. I evaluated the proposal from First Community Bank carefully, but concluded
that

 it did not provide the flexibility and terms necessary for Frontier's financing
needs and that

 would allow Frontier to continue to operate successfully and expand as we
intend. It was

 certainly not comparable to the financing being offered through the
intercompany agreements

 with GNI described below.

 16. GNI management, on behalf of its subsidiaries and in consultation with me
and

 my counterparts with the other regulated operating utilities, also solicited
and evaluated debt

 financing options. We evaluated the financing options that were presented and
the

 organizational structure that would allow us to achieve the company's goal and
accommodate the

 necessary financing within the regulatory framework in which we operate. We
have now

 finalized that process and are proposing an organizational structure and
financing arrangement

 that I believe should simplify regulatory oversight, ensure accountability,
improve operational

 efficiencies, and provide sufficient capital to Frontier on the most cost
effective basis.

 17. Under the proposed financing, as explained in the Application, the
currently

 effective amended and restated credit agreement between EWI and Bank of America
("BOA")

 will be replaced by a new senior credit agreement between GNI and BOA ("the BOA
Senior

 Credit Facility"). This GNI financing will take the form of a $42 million
revolving line of credit

 that will be available for a period of five years for GNI to provide funds
pursuant to

 intercompany notes to Frontier and the other regulated operating utilities,
designed to ensure the

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 5

 regulated utilities such as Frontier have adequate access to capital during the
winter season and

 in order to procure gas supply in connection with operations, as well as for
other general

 operational purposes. Guarantees of the BOA Senior Credit Facility will be
required only from

 the unregulated subsidiaries of GNI and from NIC, while GNI will be the sole
Borrower. No

 direct recourse from BOA will extend to regulated subsidiaries downstream ofNIC
such as to

 Frontier. The revolving facility will terminate five years from closing.

 18. GNI also plans to issue up to $50 million ofNew Senior Unsecured Notes
("the

 Senior Unsecured Notes"), the terms of which are fully discussed by James E.
Sprague, GNI

 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, in his Affidavit. Both the proceeds
from the Senior

 Credit Facility and from the Senior Unsecured Notes will be used to refinance
the existing debt

 and provide financing for general operational purposes and system expansion.

 19. The long-term note, which details the obligations ofGNI as the issuer, as
well as

 the non-regulated subsidiary guarantors, does not include Frontier as a direct
issuer or guarantor

 (similar to the revolving line with BOA). Neither Frontier, nor any of GNI's
other regulated

 operating utilities, will have any obligation for activities, borrowings, or
guarantees provided by

 any other GNI company or directly on the long-term note.

 20. The third component of the financing is a four (4) year term debt facility
in the

 amount of $7.0 million that will be used to consolidate several smaller loans
by GNI used for

 acquisition and development of an SAP software based operating system used by
all of the GNI

 companies (the "SAP Financing"). As is the case with the revolving line of
credit and the long

 term note issuance, GNI will be the sole borrower for the SAP Financing, no
guarantees will be

 required of the regulated operating utilities, including Frontier, and Frontier
will only be

 responsible through an intercompany note between GNI and Frontier for a
proportional piece of

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 6

 the SAP Financing. BOA is the proposed lender on the SAP Financing and will
require the SAP

 Software license to be pledged by GNI as collateral for this $7.0 million loan.


 21. Frontier will not have any guarantees directly to BOA. Based upon the
credit

 available through the BOA Senior Credit Facility, Senior Unsecured Notes, and
SAP Financing,

 Frontier will be eligible to draw a total of$15.9 million for its own
operational needs ($7.2

 million under the revolving line of credit, $8.7 million under the long-term
debt) and in addition

 receive $1.07 5 million from the SAP Financing (of which $820,000 will pay
Frontier's portion

 of the cost of the SAP software, licenses, and installation). If approved,
Frontier will enter into

 three intercompany notes with GNI, without any obligations directly to BOA or
Merrill Lynch

 ("ML"). Under the intercompany agreements, Frontier's only obligations will be
to GNI and its

 exposure is limited to what is has borrowed and used and extends no further.

 22. There are several benefits to Frontier under this financing structure as
compared

 to the structure that has been in place since 2012. First, as mentioned,
Frontier has no direct

 responsibility to BOA for either credit facility. Further, because funds for
the individual

 operating companies are treated separately and are reserved for the operating
subsidiaries under

 distinct, standalone "silos", there is no danger that the needs of other
utilities will impinge upon

 Frontier's access to its own capital or create any risk to Frontier. Upon
approval of the

 intercompany loans requested in this application, the new debt will be put in
place, paying off the

 existing debt and Frontier will execute its intercompany notes for access to
stand-alone line of

 credit through GNI. The other operating utilities will execute their own
intercompany notes and

 have access to their own lines, independent of Frontier and any other GNI
obligations. As a

 result of this structure, there is no potential for cross-collateralization or
cross-default. Also,

 Frontier will have full access to the SAP Software and operating system and all
of the associated

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 7

 developments related to the system although it will only be responsible for a
fraction of the

 development costs. Each of the GNI entities will benefit similarly.

 23. The Company has reviewed its operating needs over the last four years,
which

 have included periods of major construction and capital expansion efforts and
periods when the

 cost of gas has been high during winter months. The total amount of the
proposed debt should

 be sufficient to give Frontier adequate headroom in meeting its operational
needs, including

 anticipated construction, cost of gas, etc. in the years ahead, based on its
current capital

 expenditure forecasts.

 24. In the previous financing proceeding, the Public Staff expressed concerns
with

 Frontier's financial obligations to BOA for the credit facility and its
execution of a limited

 recourse guarantee. The proposed financing arrangement addresses those
concerns. Unlike the

 last financing proceeding, the current financing arrangement is between GNI and
BOA, and

 Frontier and other regulated subsidiaries have no obligations to the ultimate
lender or to each

 other. Frontier will only be obligated for funds to which it has access, and no
other subsidiary or

 GNI will have access to those funds. The intercompany loan agreements between
Frontier and

 GNI will establish the limits of its obligations and make it clear that
Frontier's obligations are

 limited by its borrowings. No assets will be pledged or required by Frontier to
secure access to

 this working capital and long term debt. The only asset that is pledged as
collateral for any of

 the three facilities is the SAP Software, pledged by GNI. This structure should
significantly

 reduce or even eliminate the prior concerns that the Public Staff had regarding
Frontier's

 obligations.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 8

 25. Frontier has continued to add to its infrastructure to access new market
areas and

 to expand service in its service territory. As noted in the testimony filed in
Frontier's annual

 review of gas costs dockets, the number of customers served by Frontier has
increased 26% from

 2011 to 2012, 28% from 2012 to 2013, 27.7% from 2013 to 2014 and 11.8% from
2014 to 2015.

 Frontier needs both short-term and long-term debt resources in order to have
sufficient access to

 meet cyclical cash flow needs throughout the year, to pay fixed expenses during
non-heating

 months, to benefit from seasonal opportunities and provide operational
flexibility to lower

 overall costs, and to provide long-term financing for capital investments to
allow it to continue to

 grow as it has over the past few years.

 26. I believe that the proposed intercompany agreements with GNI offer the most
cost

 effective option for financing for Frontier. What I have learned over the past
year is that many

 lenders are not familiar with the utility and gas industry and are hesitant to
lend or offer credit at

 a premium in order to cover their perception of potential risks. In addition,
financing is an area

 where there are economies of scale. At the parent level, due to the size of the
facility, GNI is

 better able to secure more favorable interest rates and other terms, and pass
those benefits on to

 Frontier through the intercompany agreements.

 27. Finally, I want to note that Frontier currently has a shared services
agreement with

 EWI, which has been previously filed with the Commission. This agreement
allowed EWI to

 charge Frontier for shared services. Since EWI will no longer be the parent of
Frontier, the

 Company will need to enter into a new shared services agreement with NIC (and
NIC will in turn

 enter into a similar agreement with GNI). The new shared services agreements
shall contain the

 same terms as those in the existing agreement; the only difference is that
current intermediate

 holding company has been substituted for GNI as the party to the agreement with
Frontier.

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 9

 Under these arrangements, centralized administrative and professional services
such as

 accounting, legal, engineering, technology systems, data management or other
shared services

 for GNI subsidiaries are provided. Expenses that arise from the individual
needs of any specific

 subsidiary are directly assigned to that entity. This will continue to ensure
that Frontier's

 ratepayers are only responsible for those expenditures necessary for the
efficient and reliable

 operation of Frontier. This new shared service agreement will be filed with the
Commission

 upon approval of the corporate reorganization,

 Further affiant sayeth not.

 Fred A. Steele

 STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA

 SURRY COUNTY

 Sworn to~d subscribed before me

 this ~&middot;aay 2016.

 aWl~

 Notary Public

 \ (SEAL)

 RALEIGH 501299,5

 10

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 It is hereby certified that the foregoing Affidavit of Fred A. Steele has been
served this

 17th day ofFebruary, 2016, by hand delivery, electronic mail or by depositing
copies of same in

 a depository under the exclusive care and custody of the United States Postal
Service in postage

 prepaid envelopes and properly addressed as follows:

 RALEIGH 501299.5

 Christopher J. Ayers, Esq.

 Executive Director

 North Carolina Public Staff

 430 N. Salisbury Street

 Raleigh, NC 27611

 Elizabeth Culpepper, Esq.

 Legal Division

 North Carolina Public Staff

 430 N. Salisbury Street

 Raleigh, NC 27611

 SMITH MOORE LEATHERWOOD, LLP

 11

 RALEIGH 501587.1

 Gas Natural Inc.

 (Ohio)

 EXHIBIT 1

 Ret-.-ources,

 LLC (OH)

 Insurance,

 LLC (OH)

 (6)

 Brnin:ard

 Gas Corp.

 (OH)

 Service

 Company

 LLC (OH)

 Great Pl.ains

 Natural Gas

 Company

 (OH)

 EXHIBIT 2

 Cut Bank Gas

 Company

 (MT)

 Gas Natural Inc.

 (Ohio)

 New

 Holding Company

 Energy West

 Montana, Inc.

 (MT)

 I

 Frontier Natural

 Gas Company,

 LLC

 (NC)

 r-----~------~--------~----~

 Gas Natural

 Resources,

 LLC

 (OH)

 Bangor Gas

 Company, LLC

 (ME)

 Energy West

 Resources, Inc.

 (MT)

 Lone Wolfe

 Insurance,

 LLC

 (OH)

 NE Ohio

 Natural Gas

 (OH)

 Brainard

 Gas Corp.

 (OH)

 Orwell

 Natural

 Gas

 (OH)

 Energy West

 Propane, Inc.

 (MT)

 Spelman

 Pipeline,

 LLC

 (OH)

 RE-ORG

 EXHIBIT3

 TO

 AFFIDAVIT OF FRED A. STEELE

 LETTERS TO POTENTIAL LENDERS

 Yadkin Bank

 RALEIGH 501591.1

 BB&T

 Carter Bank & Trust

 First Community Bank

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Mr. Van Hamlin

 Senior Vice President/Market Executive

 Yadkin Bank

 1318 N Bridge Street

 Elkin, NC 28621

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Van:

 Thank you for lunch and for taking the time to discuss the financing needs of
Frontier Natural Gas, LLC

 (FNG). We discussed several options for financing and we are very interested in
any proposals that you

 find worthy of consideration. Following up on our lunch and telephone
discussions I felt it best to seek

 the input of senior management and formalize our thoughts on a credit facility.


 We would like to formalize our request for the stand-alone financing package in
the form of this letter.

 Frontier Natural Gas (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying the
conditions under which

 you would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNG. We are seeking a
facility that might contain

 the following general characteristics:

 1. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for

 issuing standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Tenn Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with

 the revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility
")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and

 payable in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily

 unused portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees

 of Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals.

 While BoiTower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such
approvals,

 Borrower anticipates such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG's existing long term

 debt and for other general corporate purposes including long term capital
expenditures. Draws on the

 revolving facility will be employed for working capital requirements including
gas purchases and short

 term capital expenditures.

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin &middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621&middot; Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336&middot;526-9940

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North

 Carolina Public Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in
Ashe, Watauga,

 Warren, Wilkes, Surry and Yadkin Counties, North Carolina. We are a subsidiary
of Energy West

 Incorporated which is in turn a subsidiary of Gas Natural Inc., which is a
utility holding company

 publicly traded on the NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker symbol: EGAS).

 In addition to the information previously provided-, we enclose the latest
annual report for FNG filed with

 the North Caro1ina Public Utilities Commission for CY 2013 .. That annual
report includes balance sheet

 and income statements for the calendar year and information regarding employees
in this state, and the

 volumes of natural gas sold at retail and delivered or transported to
consumers. Also included is the

 December 31,2013 Form 10-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with the Securities
Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 We have also enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you

 require, please do not hesitate to request it.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be

 acceptable to you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a
financing facility on terms

 you would consider. I request the favor of your response before close of
business on January 7, 2015.

 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 F~ A S}JJ

 Fred Steele

 General Manager

 February 9, 2015

 Michelle Tompkins

 Carter Bank and Trust

 POBox 99

 Hillsville, VA 24343

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOlCE

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Ms. Tompkins:

 Frontier Natural Gas, LLC (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying
the conditions under which you

 would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNO. We are seeking a
facility that might contain the following

 general characteristics:

 I. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for issuing

 standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Term Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with the

 revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and payable

 in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily unused

 portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees of

 Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals. While

 Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such approvals,
Borrower anticipates

 such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the tenn facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG' s existing long term debt and

 for other geneml corporate purposes including long term capital expenditures.
Draws on the revolving facility will

 be employed for working capital requirements including gas purchases and short
term capital expenditures.

 FNO is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North Carolina Public

 Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in Ashe, Watauga,
Warren, Wilkes, Surry and

 Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary of Energy West Incorporated
which is in turn n subsidiary of

 Gas Natural Inc., which is a utility holding company publicly traded on the
NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker

 symbol: EGAS).

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin&middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621 &middot; Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336-526&middot;9940

 For your information, we enclose the latest annual report for FNG filed with
the North Carolina Public Utilities

 Commission for CY 2013. That annual report includes the balance sheet and
income statement for the calendar

 year and information regarding employees in this state, and the volumes of
natural gas sold at retail and delivered

 or transported to consumers. Also attached please find the Balance Sheet,
Income statement and Statement of Cash

 Flows as of October 31, 2014 as filed with the Staff of the North Carolina
Public Utilities Commission. Also

 included is the December 31, 20 J 3 Form I 0-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with
the Securities Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 Finally, we have enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you require,

 please do not hesitate to request it.

 Once you have had the opportunity to review the attached if you would like to
schedule a meeting to discuss further

 please contact me at one of the above telephone numbers.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be acceptable to

 you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a financing
facility on terms you would consider. I

 request the favor of your response before close of business on February 23,
2015.

 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 Fred A Steele

 General Manager

 Enclosures

 Ben Staton

 Senior Vice President

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC's GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Regional Corporate Banking Manager, Triad Region

 BB&T

 1 10 S. Stratford Road

 Winston Salem, NC 27104

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Mr. Staton:

 Following up on my telephone messages, Frontier Natural Gas, LLC (FNG) requests
a term sheet from your bank

 specifying the conditions under which you would consider offering a senior
credit facility to FNG. We are seeking

 a facility that might contain the following general characteristics:

 I. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for issuing

 standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Term Facility: Up to $1 I ,000,000 term Joan facility ("term facility", and
together with the

 revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and payable

 in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily unused

 portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees of

 Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals. While

 Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such approvals,
Borrower anticipates

 such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG' s existing long term debt and

 for other general corporate purposes including long term capital expenditures.
Draws on the revolving facility will

 be employed for working capital requirements including gas purchases and short
term capital expenditures.

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North Carolina Public

 Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in Ashe, Watauga,
Warren, Wilkes, Surry and

 Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary of Energy West Incorporated
which is in tum a subsidiary of

 Gas Natural Inc., which is a utility holding company publicly traded on the
NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker

 symbol: EGAS).

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin o North Carolina &middot; 28621 o Ph:
336&middot;526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336&middot;526-9940

 For your infonnution, we enclose the latest annual report for FNG filed with
the North Carolina Public Utilities

 Commission for CY 2013. That annual report includes the balance sheet and
income statement for the calendar

 year and information regarding employees in this state, and the volumes of
natural gas sold at retail and delivered

 or transported to consumers. Also attached please find the Balance Sheet,
Income statement and Statement of Cash

 Flows as of October 31, 2014 as filed with the Staff of the North Carolina
Public Utilities Commission. Also

 included is the December 3 I, 2013 Form 1 0-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with
the Securities Exchange Commission,

 reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated utility segment
and consolidated results.

 Finally, we have enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you require,

 please do not hesitate to request it.

 Once you have had the opportunity to review the attached if you would like to
schedule a meeting to discuss further

 please contact me at one of the above telephone numbers.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be acceptable to

 you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a financing
facility on terms you would consider. I

 request the favor of your response before close of business on January 7, 2015.


 Thank you.

 Sincerely yours,

 Fred Steele

 General Manager

 Enclosures

 Frontier Natural Gas

 NC~s GREEN ENERGY CHOICE

 Mr. Tony Hyde

 Vice President/Commercial Relationship Manager

 First Community Bank

 312 Jonestown Road

 Winston Salem, NC 27104

 Re: Term Loan and Revolving Line of Credit Inquiry for Frontier Natural Gas

 Dear Tony:

 Thank you for taking the time to discuss the financing needs of Frontier
Natural Gas, LLC (FNG). We

 discussed several options for financing and we are very interested in any
proposals that you find worthy

 of consideration. After our telephone discussion of yesterday I felt that it
best seek Senior Management's

 input on the credit facility that they feel would best suit FNG.

 We would like to formalize our request for the stand-alone financing package in
the form of this letter.

 Frontier Natural Gas (FNG) requests a term sheet from your bank specifying the
conditions under which

 you would consider offering a senior credit facility to FNG. We are seeking a
facility that might contain

 the following general characteristics:

 1. Aggregate principal amount of up to $20,000,000 available through the
following facilities:

 a. Revolving Facility: $9,000,000 facility which would possibly include a
sublimit for

 issuing standby letters of credit ("revolving facility")

 b. Tenn Facility: Up to $11,000,000 term loan facility ("term facility", and
together with

 the revolving facility, referred to collectively as the "senior credit facility
")

 2. Maturity/Repayment: all amounts outstanding under the senior credit facility
will be due and

 payable in full not less than five years from the date of closing.

 3. Interest: market rates

 4. The same applicable interest rate would be payable quarterly in arrears on
the average daily

 unused portion of the Revolving Facility.

 5. Expenses of Lender associated with preparation, due diligence and closing
including legal fees

 of Lender's counsel to be reimbursed by Borrower.

 6. Closing anticipated immediately upon Borrower's receipt of all required
regulatory approvals.

 While Borrower cannot predict with certainty the timing of receipt of such
approvals,

 Borrower anticipates such receipt by or before May 31, 2015.

 The loan proceeds of the term facility will be employed for re-financing of all
FNG's existing long term

 debt and for other general corporate purposes including long term capital
expenditures. Draws on the

 revolving facility will be employed for working capital requirements including
gas purchases and short

 term capital expenditures.

 110 PGW Drive &middot; Elkin &middot; North Carolina &middot; 28621 o Ph:
336-526-2690 &middot; Fax: 336-526-9940

 FNG is a local natural gas public utility subject to the statutory regulatory
jurisdiction of the North

 Carolina Public Utilities Commission. We serve approximately 2,900 customers in
Ashe, Watauga,

 Warren, Wilkes, Surry and Yadkin Counties, North Carolina We are a subsidiary
of Energy West

 Incorporated which is in tum a subsidiary of Gas Natural Inc.,&middot;which is
a utility holding company

 publicly traded on the NYSE MKT Equities Exchange (ticker symbol: EGAS).

 In addition to the information I have previously provided- we enclose the
latest annual report for FNG

 filed with the North Carolina Public Utilities Commission for CY 2013. That
annual report includes the

 balance sheet and income statement for the calendar year and information
regarding employees in this

 state, and the volumes of natural gas sold at retail and delivered or
transported to consumers. Also

 included is the December 31, 2013 Form 10-K filed by Gas Natural Inc. with the
Securities Exchange

 Commission, reflecting both segment financial information of the regulated
utility segment and

 consolidated results.

 We have also enclosed our corporate organizational chart. If there is any
additional information you

 require, please do not hesitate to request it.

 I emphasize that if you do not find the conceptual framework we have laid out
in this proposal to be

 acceptable to you, we specifically solicit a response from you that includes a
financing facility on terms

 you would consider. I request the favor of your response before close of
business on January 7, 2015.

 Thank you.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2013 News Bites Pty Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           Daily Securities Dashboard

                               September 16, 2013

                               Rent-A-Center Inc.

                     5501 Headquarters Drive Plano TX 75024
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 1-972-8011100
FAX: 1-972-9430113
URL: http://www.rentacenter.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: RCII
ISIN: US76009N1000

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

NAME         DESIGNATION  APPOINTMENT  SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
                          DATE
Steven L.    Director     09-05-2013   In 2011, Mr. Pepper retired as President
Pepper                                 of Yum Brands Mexico, a position he had
                                       held since 2001. Over the course of his
                                       twenty-year career with Yum, Mr. Pepper
                                       was responsible for the company's
                                       businesses in Europe, Africa and Brazil,
                                       as well as serving in key financial
                                       positions in the United States and Latin
                                       America. Since 2006, Mr. Pepper also
                                       served as a member of Yum's Partners
                                       Council, a leadership group comprised of
                                       the company's twenty top executives.

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Rent-A-Center, Inc. is a rent-to-own operator in the United States. As of
December 31, 2008, the Company operated 3,037 Company-owned stores nationwide
and in Canada and Puerto Rico, including 31 retail installment sales stores
under the name Get It Now and Home Choice, and eight rent-to-own stores located
in Canada under the name Rent-A-Centre. The Company's subsidiary, ColorTyme, is
a national franchisor of rent-to-own stores. As of December 31, 2008, ColorTyme
had 222 franchised rent-to-own stores in 34 states. The Company's stores
generally offer durable products, such as consumer electronics, appliances,
computers and furniture, and accessories under flexible rental purchase
agreements that generally allow the customer to obtain ownership of the
merchandise at the conclusion of an agreed upon rental period.
INDUSTRY TYPE: Total NASDAQ Market

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *

Sector Value on ROA                         6.40
Sector Value on ROE                        12.48
Sector Value on ROCE                       21.61
Earnings Per Share Growth (%)              16.17

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE:
PRIMARY EXCHANGE:  BATS
OTHER LISTINGS: Nasdaq (RCII)
SHAREHOLDERS:

SHAREHOLDER NAME         NO. OF SHARES  PERCENT HELD
Dimensional Fund              3,823,368           6.44
Advisors Lp

ADDITIONAL DIVIDEND INFORMATION:
DIVIDEND RECORD
VALUE     TYPE      EX-DIVIDEND-DATE    RECORD DATE    DATE PAYABLE   CURRENCY
-         Quarterly -                   03 Jan, 2013   24 Jan, 2013         USD

PRICES:
OPEN PRICE OF THE DAY: 37.76
HIGH PRICE OF THE DAY: 37.82
LOW PRICE OF THE DAY: 37.26
CLOSE PRICE OF THE DAY: 37.56
TOTAL SHARES ON ISSUE: 53,387,722
MARKET CAPITALIZATION:
MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 2.01
MCAP CHANGE ACTUAL: 2669386.10
MCAP CHANGE: 0.13%
HIGH PRICE:
52 WEEKS HIGH PRICE: 40.55
1 WEEK HIGH PRICE: 34.83
1 MONTH HIGH PRICE: 38.94
3 MONTHS HIGH PRICE: 37.81
LOW PRICE:
52 WEEKS LOW PRICE: 31.22
1 WEEK LOW PRICE: 31.22
1 MONTH LOW PRICE: 36.44
3 MONTHS LOW PRICE: 31.22
VOLUME AND TURNOVER:
TURNOVER PERIOD: 0.41
TURNOVER RATE: 244.36%
TURNOVER: 6,922,383
VOLUME: 184,302
AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME TRADED: 521829.00
PRICE CHANGE:
PRICE CHANGE: 0.05
PRICE CHANGE PERCENTAGE: 0.13
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE PER WEEK: -1.73
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING WEEK: 1.66
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING ABSOLUTE 1 MONTH: -0.97
PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: -2.52
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 3 MONTH: -2.07
PRICE CHANGE 3 MONTHS: -3.10
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 6 MONTHS: -0.15
PRICE CHANGE 6 MONTHS: -0.40
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 1 YEAR: 1.24
PRICE CHANGE 1 YEAR: 3.41
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE:
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE 5-DAY: 37.82
PRICE TO VWP 5-Days: 0.99
PREMIUM TO VWP 5-DAY: 1.33%
DISCOUNT TO VWP 5-DAY: 0.68%
VWP 1 MONTH: 38.21
PRICE TO VWP 1-MONTH: 0.98
DISCOUNT TO HIGH:
DISCOUNT TO HIGH TODAY: 0.69%
DTH TO 52 WK HIGH PRICE: 7.37%
PREMIUM TO LOW:
PREMIUM TO LOW TODAY: 0.81%
PREMIUM TO LOW TO 52-WK HIGH PRICE: 20.31%
$1000 VALUE:
              PRESENT     CAPITAL    DIVIDEND      TOTAL
             VALUE OF      GAIN     REINVESTED   RETURN TO
               $1000                   VALUE    SHAREHOLDER
                                                     S
1 WEEK          1016.56       16.56        6.36           -
5 WEEKS          884.26     -120.01        4.27           -
13 WEEKS         900.18     -104.17        4.35           -
1 MONTH          974.82      -25.18        6.52           -
3 MONTHS         949.91      -59.28        9.19           -
6 MONTHS         957.34      -56.03       13.38           -
1 YEAR          1057.66       34.14       23.52        5.77
2 YEARS         1451.41      402.05       49.36           -
3 YEARS         1648.40      592.34       56.06       17.93
5 YEARS         2145.53     1072.56       72.97       16.49

CREATED MARKET VALUE:
CMV VALUE: 299504138.32
CMV MULTIPLIER: 1.50
RETAINED EARNINGS: 604,670,000
MCAP 5-YEAR BACK: 1,101,068,700
LATEST DAY'S MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 2005242838.32
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE:
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 36.80
LATEST PRICE / EXPONENTIAL MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 1.02
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 38.70
LATEST PRICE / MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 0.97
MAP200 TODAY MINUS MAP200 YESTERDAY: -0.04
MAP50 TODAY MINUS MAP50 YESTERDAY: 0.02
VOLUME INDEX:
VOLUME INDEX: 0.35
VOLUME INDEX 3 DAYS: 1.40
VOLUME INDEX 5 DAYS: 1.16
VOLUME INDEX 30 DAYS: 0.66
VOLUME INDEX 90 DAYS: 0.48
VOLATILITY:
VOLATILITY: 1.50
PAST 3 DAYS' VOLATILITY: 10.38
PAST 1 WEEK'S VOLATILITY: 11.56
TRAILING MONTH'S VOLATILITY: 6.86
TRAILING 3 MONTHS' VOLATILITY: 21.11
TRAILING 1 YEAR'S VOLATILITY: 29.88
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE:
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 0.43
3 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 1.27
5 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 1.70
30 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -5.60
90 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -8.86
180 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -13.33
360 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -7.57
1080 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 7.56
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK:
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 62.57
5 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 51.63
30 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 32.84
90 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 22.88
180 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 30.67
1 YEAR PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 30.95
NOTICEABLE MOVES:
NUMBER OF DAYS HIGH: 4
NUMBER OF DAYS LOW: 6
AGGREGATE VOLUME: 212066.00
HIGHEST ACTUAL RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 1.69
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 5.12
SECOND HIGHEST ABSOLUTE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 1.60
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 4.58
HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -1.94
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -5.39
SECOND HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -1.34
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -3.58
REPORTED BUYING AND SELLING
DIRECTOR           TRANSACTION TRANSACTION NO. OF      PRICE IN $  VALUE IN $
                   DATE        TYPE        SHARES
-                  -           -             3,823,368           -        0.21

OPTION AND OPEN INTERESTS:
OPEN INTEREST: 1,449
PUT CALL RATIO: 0.50
DATE        OPEN
            INTEREST
13 Sep,           1,449
2013

OPEN INTEREST: 1,449
DATE        PC RATIO
13 Sep,            0.50
2013

OPEN INTEREST TREND:
DATE        OPEN
            INTEREST
13 Sep,           1,449
2013

OPEN INTEREST: 1,449
PUT CALL RATIO:
DATE        PC RATIO
13 Sep,            0.50
2013

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:
BETA: 0.79
RELATIVE STRENGTH INDICATOR: 42.41
WILLIAM PERCENT R: -39.13
SECTOR VALUE OF RELATIVE STRENGTH INDEX: 63.02
SECTOR VALUE OF WILLIAMS % R: -13.10
SECTOR VALUE OF PEMAP50: 1.03
SECTOR VALUE OF MOVING AVERAGE CONVERGENCE AND DIVERGENCE: -19.37
SECTOR VALUE OF PMAP 200days: 1.14
SECTOR VALUE OF PV1000_1yr: 1253.28
SECTOR VALUE OF PPR 180Days: 42.17
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER: 0.41
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER WEEK: 2.13
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 4.38
FUNDAMENTAL:
PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 17.14
PRICE TO SALES: 0.65
YIELD: 2.10%
EARNING YIELD: 8.77%
PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.71
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS: 27.39
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 3.36
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO SALES: 1.96
SECTOR VALUE OF YIELD: 1.32%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 1.48
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON ASSETS: 2.74%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON EQUITY: 8.53%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 8.33%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNINGS PER SHARE Growth: 18.56%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNING YIELD: 19.12%
ADDITIONAL CHARTS:
PRESENT VALUE CHARTS
Price Change Percent Chart
Present Value Charts for 1 year
Moving Average Convergence and Diversions
Volatility Chart
Commodity Channel Index Chart
Top 20 Shareholders Chart
High, Low and Close Price Chart for 1 year
TECHNICAL CHARTS
William % R chart
Price / Moving Average Price Chart
Volume Weighted Price Chart
Relative Strength Index Chart
Bollinger Band Chart
OPEN INTEREST AND OPTION CHARTS
Put/Call Ratio
SHAREHOLDER RETURN
Present Value Charts for 1 year - Waterfall
Chart

SHORT SELLING RECORD:
TRADE DATE            SHORT VOLUME          SHORT SELL %
13-09-2013                          860,954                  1.61

DAYS TO COVER RECORD:
TRADE DATE       SHORT SELLING      AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME  DAYS TO COVER
13-09-2013                  860,954               522,297                  1.73

BULLISH BEARISH SIGNALS:
DATE   HEADLINE      CLOSE     XMONTH    XMONTH    TOP RISE      STEEPEST FALL
                     PRICE     HIGH      LOW
Tue,   Rent-A-Center     36.42
Dec 18 falls 0.3% to
       US$34.47 in
       weak trading
       with open
       interest
       rising 0.3%.

DATE   HEADLINE  CLOSE   XMONTH  XMONTH  TOP RISE  SECOND    STEEPES SECOND
                 PRICE   HIGH    LOW               HIGHEST   T FALL  HIGHEST
                                                   RISE              FALL
Tue,   Rent-A-Ce   36.42 four-mo four-mo Rent-A-Ce Rent-A-Ce Rent-A- Rent-A-Cen
Dec 18 nter              nth     nth Low nter hits nter hits Center  ter
       weakens           High            year-low  year-low  weakens weakens
       below 50                          1st time  1st time  below   below
       day                               in three  in three  Moving  Exponentia
       Exponenti                         months.   months.   Average l Moving
       al Moving                                             Price   Average
       Average                                               (MAP).  Price
       Price                                                         (EMAP),
       (EMAP).                                                       12-day
                                                                     EMAP
                                                                     trails
                                                                     26-day
                                                                     EMAP.

 * * * * * * * * * * ANNOUNCEMENTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY RELEASE

   [News Story] PLANO, Texas--Rent-A-Center, Inc. (the "Company")
(NASDAQ/NGS:RCII) announced today that it intends, subject to market conditions,
to offer $250 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes
due 2021 (the "notes") in a private offering that is exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"). The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the offering
to repay $46 million of the revolving loans outstanding under its revolving
credit facility and apply the remainder to accelerated common stock repurchases
as market conditions permit and, to the extent not so applied, for general
corporate purposes.

   The notes and the related guarantees will be offered only to qualified
institutional buyers in reliance on the exemption from registration set forth in
Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and outside the United States to non-U.S.
persons in reliance on the exemption from registration set forth in Regulation S
under the Securities Act. The notes and the related guarantees have not been
registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state or
other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States without
registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws and foreign
securities laws.

   This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation
of an offer to buy, any securities, nor shall there be any sales of the notes in
any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
jurisdiction. This press release is being issued pursuant to and in accordance
with Rule 135(c) under the Securities Act.

   Source: NASDAQ Stock Exchange

EXTRA ORDINARY / SPECIAL SHAREHOLDER MEETING

   [News Story] RALEIGH, N.C. Rent-A-Center Manager David Elkin and his
four-person sales team are pleased to offer residents of Raleigh an additional
option when it comes to acquiring ownership of high-quality furniture,
appliances, electronics and computers. "We're very excited to bring this new
store to the Raleigh community," said Elkin. "We hope that the store will help
the area in its growth and overall expansion."

   The new Rent-A-Center is located at 6270 Glenwood Avenue, Suite 6282-100.
Members of the community will welcome Rent-A-Center to the neighborhood at a
grand opening celebration on Friday, October 12, 2012 at 10:00 a.m. At the
ribbon-cutting ceremony, Rent-A-Center is contributing $1,000 to the Food Bank
of Central and Eastern North Carolina. Linda Fisher, special events and food
drive manager for the organization, expressed her gratitude for the
contribution. "We are grateful to be the beneficiary of Rent-A-Center's
financial support of our mission to ensure no one goes hungry in our
communities," said Fisher. "This donation will put meals on thousands of tables
for children and their families who need it most."

   In conjunction with the grand opening ceremony, the store will also hold a
drawing for a new HD TV on October 12, 2012. To enter, simply visit the store.
No purchase is necessary.

   Rent-A-Center operates 120 locations in the state of North Carolina. The
Raleigh location is open from 10:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Monday through Friday and
9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. on Saturdays.

   Source: NASDAQ Stock Exchange

OTHERS

   [News Story] PLANO, Texas--Rent-A-Center, Inc. (the "Company")
(NASDAQ/NGS:RCII) announced today that it intends, subject to market conditions,
to offer $250 million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes
due 2021 (the "notes") in a private offering that is exempt from the
registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"). The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the offering
to repay $46 million of the revolving loans outstanding under its revolving
credit facility and apply the remainder to accelerated common stock repurchases
as market conditions permit and, to the extent not so applied, for general
corporate purposes.

   The notes and the related guarantees will be offered only to qualified
institutional buyers in reliance on the exemption from registration set forth in
Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and outside the United States to non-U.S.
persons in reliance on the exemption from registration set forth in Regulation S
under the Securities Act. The notes and the related guarantees have not been
registered under the Securities Act, or the securities laws of any state or
other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States without
registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws and foreign
securities laws.

   This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation
of an offer to buy, any securities, nor shall there be any sales of the notes in
any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such
jurisdiction. This press release is being issued pursuant to and in accordance
with Rule 135(c) under the Securities Act.

   Source: NASDAQ Stock Exchange

DIVIDEND

   PLANO, Texas Rent-A-Center, Inc. (the "Company") (NASDAQ/NGS: RCII), the
nation's largest rent-to-own operator, today announced that its Board of
Directors has declared a $0.16 per share cash dividend for the fourth quarter of
2012 to be paid to the Company's common stockholders. The dividend will be paid
on October 24, 2012, to common stockholders of record as of the close of
business on October 1, 2012.

   Source: NASDAQ Stock Exchange

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                          December 21, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Savage moves cautiously ahead with sports dome

BYLINE: DAVID PETERSON; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1AA

LENGTH: 549 words



HIGHLIGHT: Taking pains to admit it's no lock to break even, the City Council
nevertheless decided the idea is worth exploring further.


Assailed by doubts and aggressive lobbying, Savage's city council signaled late
Monday that it is willing to go ahead with a $5 million sports bubble.

"My first question was, 'how in the world can we afford this?'" said Council
Member Christine Kelly. "But I have a comfort level now with the numbers we've
been given."

Monday's voice vote was mainly to spend the money to formally draw up a site
plan. Before bonds would be sold, officials said, there will need to be public
reaction to the specifics of the plan.

But it was clear that Monday's vote was a key step in a two-year process that
featured lots of hesitation.

During that time, a northern suburb careened from a February 2010 headline
reading "Sports complex will be 'huge' in Vadnais Heights" to the August 2011
headline "City loans Vadnais Sports Center $127k to make debt payment."

In Savage, officials say the demand from thousands of families for cold-weather
facilities close to home should guarantee more than enough revenue to cover the
payback for the bonds -- even under conservative projections that don't assume,
for instance, any concession revenue or daytime rentals. But the discussion has
been held under a cloud of grim what-ifs.

"Is it worth it if we lost $100,000 or $200,000 a year?" City Administrator
Barry Stock urged council members last week to ask themselves, during an
informal, un-televised workshop. "I don't want us to be like some communities,
offering pie-in-the-sky projections and a year later the media's on their case,
asking, 'Why didn't this make money?'"

The dome will be aimed at sports such as soccer and lacrosse. The goal is to
hurry and catch next winter's season of use, with the first huge payment,
$500,000, coming due in 2014.

Council members are insisting that the youth sports groups -- which are pushing
for the dome as a way of ending their nightmare winter drives to venues such as
Faribault and Vadnais Heights -- sign memorandums of understanding in which they
undertake to guarantee a certain number of hours of use.

But city staff members discouraged the council from trying to force the groups
to become full financial partners, liable for shortfalls. You could try, Stock
told council members at the workshop last week, but be serious: You will not
take a bunch of soccer moms and dads who are your own constituents to court for
non-performance.

If a subsidy is needed, Stock said, the options include the parks fund -- an
idea parks people are not keen on -- or the plain old general fund, meaning tax
dollars. Every $100,000 in losses would mean a $9 surcharge on property taxes
for the owner of the average home.

Neighbor Kirk Sumner, calling it "a six-story building where we used to see a
beautiful park," said he "doesn't want it keeping me awake every night." He
recalled living near a park in another community where he wound up calling
police regularly about juveniles hanging out selling drugs.

But there were many proponents, including lacrosse coach Mike Walton of Savage.
"As coaches, we can't leave the facility till the kids are picked up. We're your
neighbors and we won't let this facility turn into the justified fears you have.
The proximity to the police department will be a blessing," he added, with
police cruisers passing by regularly.

David Peterson - 952-746-3285

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                               December 17, 2003

Loan bank's plea for help rejected

BYLINE: Kate Gent

SECTION: News; Politics; LocalGovernment; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 407 words


Calls for Derby City Council to back a £50,000 overdraft for a community bank
have been rejected.  It was revealed last month that Derby Loans, based at
Rosehill Business Centre, Normanton Road, needed extra cash to ensure it could
continue to make credit available for city people, who may otherwise go to loan
sharks.

Since its launch in May, 70 people, many of whom are council tenants, have been
given loans totalling about £70,000 at an APR of 18 per cent.

Another 120 people have made inquiries and the organisation lends cash to
fledgling businesses.

Given the current demand, managers of Derby Loans estimate they will need a pot
of about £225,000 next year. So far, they are about £100,000 short.

At a meeting last night, the council's cabinet turned down a recommendation from
one of the council's own watchdogs - the Community Regeneration Commission - to
act as a guarantor for an overdraft for Derby Loans.

The cabinet said that, based on advice from director of finance Paul Dransfield,
it would not act as guarantor.

Mr Dransfield said that the council did not usually guarantee overdrafts and
that there was a risk that it may have to repay the loan if the bank called in
the overdraft.

Derby Loans is also experiencing difficulties in lending businesses money
because of Government under-funding.

It received £75,000 instead of the £380,000 it had requested from the DTI's
Small Business Service Phoenix Fund.

Councillor Paul Bayliss, chairman of the Community Regeneration Commission,
tried to persuade the cabinet to back the proposal.

He said: "The commission put forward this recommendation as it wouldn't require
the council to commit any funds.

"This way would give the council an opportunity to do things differently.

"This should be considered as an exception to the rule." Council leader Maurice
Burgess said: "The council has long listened to the advice of our finance
officers, and when Mr Dransfield says that he doesn't believe it would be
sensible to act as a guarantor for an overdraft facility in this way, I believe
that we should listen to him." Andrew Baker, chief executive of Derby Loans,
said: "I realise it is very difficult for the council to underwrite an overdraft
for an independent organisation.

"I'm due to meet with the council today to discuss how we can use our combined
energies to find other ways that the council can be supportive."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2003 Derby Evening Telegraph


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 2, 1981, Wednesday, Final Edition

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; Yesterday; A21

LENGTH: 143 words


The Agriculture Department's Rural Electrification Administration will guarantee
a $900 million loan to Deseret Generation and Transmission Cooperative of Sandy,
Utah, REA administrator Harold V. Hunter said. The loan will help the
cooperative provide electricity to more than 125,000 people in rural areas of
Utah, Wyoming, Nevada and Arizona.

Specific projects partially funded by the loan will include construction of a
360-megawatt coal-fired generating unit near Bonanza, Utah; the construction of
276 miles of transmission line and related facilities, and development of a coal
mine to fuel the plant.

Private funds in a five-year $330 million loan from the National Rural Utilities
Cooperative Finance Corp. will supplement the USDA loan, according to Hunter.
Deseret Generation supplies wholesale power to six member distribution systems.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 8, 2017

                  STURMINSTER NEWTON COMMUNITY BUILDING TRUST

                                    BRAMLEYS
                                   BATH ROAD
                               STURMINSTER NEWTON
                          STURMINSTER NEWTON DT10 1DT


TRADE ADDRESS: Bath Road, STURMINSTER NEWTON DT10 1DT

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01258472368

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05311990

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 13, 2004
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 8

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Giles Hilary Henschel, Director
     ·    Robert Cowley, Heating Engineer
     ·    William John Dimmer, Retired Insurance Co. Manager
     ·    Mr John Cowley, Accountant
     ·    Mr Michael Charles Johnston, Retired Solicitor & H.m. Coroner
     ·    Mr Benjamin Jonathan Hobley, Company Director
     ·    Mr Malcolm Haworth Parker, Retired Bank Director
     ·    Maria Franscita Bristow, Group People Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    JohnCowley


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: 204908 Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040
94110
94110
94990

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: May 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  May 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 25, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 31, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  56,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,757,195 1,800,494 1,842,891
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         1,757,195 1,800,494 1,842,891
Stocks                                         3,750     2,954     2,954
Debtors                                       10,917     9,704         -
Cash                                          54,441    27,961     9,962
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   6,263     5,375    13,766
Other Current Assets                          60,704    33,336    23,728
Total Current Assets                          75,371    45,994    26,682
Fixed Assets                               1,757,195 1,800,494 1,842,891
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               1,832,566 1,846,488 1,869,573



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                     24,109    28,270         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             39,213    36,572         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     39,213    36,572         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -    53,047
Total Current Liabilities                     63,322    64,842         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -    53,047
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             63,322    64,842    53,047
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,769,244 1,781,646 1,816,526
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          1,769,244 1,781,646 1,816,526
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 1,769,244 1,781,646         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          325,797   258,863         -
Cost of Sales              0         0         -
Gross Profit         325,797   258,863         -
Operating Profit      -12402    -34880         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         -12402    -34880         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      -12402    -34880         -
Dividends Payable          0         0         -
Retained Profits      -12402    -34880         -
Value Added          130,900   106,831         -
Capital Employed   1,769,244 1,781,646 1,869,573
Net Worth          1,769,244 1,781,646 1,816,526
Working Capital       12,049    -18848    26,682
Emp. Renumeration     96,279    94,421         -
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         -
Audit Fees                 0         0         -
Non-audit Fees         1,350     2,800         -
Depreciation          47,023    47,290         -
Number of                  8         6         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales               25.86      -  30.21
Pretax             -64.44      - -83.15
Total Assets        -0.75  -1.98  -4.27
Current Assets      63.87 182.48 172.58
Current             -2.34      -  37.99
Liabilities
Capital Employed     -0.7  -5.37   -5.3
Employee Wages       1.97      -   5.22
Number of           33.33      -  33.33
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  9
=        5
Year -1  7
=        9
Year -2  9
=        8
Year -3  9
=        8

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/05/201 31/05/201 31/05/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                -0.7     -1.96         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         -0.68     -1.89         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              -0.7     -1.96         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          -3.81    -13.47         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           17.78     14.02         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                            0.19      0.14         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                          3.7     -7.28         -
Sales / Stocks                                     86.88     87.63         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     12.23     13.68         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.19      0.71         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.13      0.66         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.97      0.96      0.97
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                       16.89     21.95         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     12,034.8 15,736.83         -
(GBP)                                                  8
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  29.55     36.48         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       -1550.25  -5813.33         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               40,724.6 43,143.83         -
                                                       3
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          221,155.   296,941         -
                                                       5
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        219,649. 300,082.3         -
                                                       4
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        229,070.   307,748         -
                                                       8
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    -9.47    -32.65         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                            40.18     41.27         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)         16,362.5 17,805.17         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.36      1.13         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 2.21      2.91         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,769,244

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Ward Goodman

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                February 8, 2017

                    NEW PARK COMMUNITY AND ARTS ASSOCIATION

                                NEW PARK CENTRE
                                 NEW PARK ROAD
                                   CHICHESTER
                              CHICHESTER PO19 7XY


TRADE ADDRESS: New Park Centre New Park Road, CHICHESTER PO19 7XY

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01243536840
URL: www.newparkcentre.org.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 05459818

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: May 23, 2005
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION
EMPLOYEES: 3

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Dr John Herbert Jarvis, Retired
     ·    Mr Michael Bartholomew Foyle, Retired
     ·    Mr Ian Peter Oliver, Solicitor
     ·    Mrs Gillian Lynette Montgomery, Salesperson
     ·    Mr George Francis Gerald Appleby, Retired
     ·    Mr Stuart Francis Dobbin, Retired
     ·    Dr Robert David Simpson, Retired
     ·    Miss Brenda Lawson, Retired


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MrStuart FrancisDobbin


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of arts facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
90040
93110
88000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: August 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: August 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  August 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Total Exemption Full
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  January 30, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  May 23, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  56,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,950,212 1,943,331 1,940,544
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                         1,950,212 1,943,331 1,940,544
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                         297,253   261,689   233,909
Miscellaneous Current Assets                  37,971    31,415    21,661
Other Current Assets                         335,224   293,104   255,570
Total Current Assets                         335,224   293,104   255,570
Fixed Assets                               1,950,212 1,943,331 1,940,544
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                               2,285,436 2,236,435 2,196,114



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             33,751    18,773    39,846
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                      25,000         -    25,000
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                      8,751    18,773    14,846
Short Term Loans                              25,000         -    25,000
Long Term Loans                                    -    25,000    25,000
Long Term Bank Loan                                -    25,000    25,000
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     33,751    18,773    39,846
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -    25,000    25,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             33,751    43,773    64,846
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              2,251,685 2,192,662 2,131,268
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                          2,251,685 2,192,662 2,131,268
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 2,251,685 2,217,662 2,156,268


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          196,849   194,771   272,943
Cost of Sales              0         0         0
Gross Profit         196,849   194,771   272,943
Operating Profit      59,023    61,394   129,577
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          0         0         0
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit         59,023    61,394   129,577
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax      59,023    61,394   129,577
Dividends Payable          0         0         0
Retained Profits      59,023    61,394   129,577
Value Added          126,795   128,508   197,853
Capital Employed   2,251,685 2,217,662 2,156,268
Net Worth          2,251,685 2,192,662 2,131,268
Working Capital      301,473   274,331   215,724
Emp. Renumeration     67,772    66,401    60,235
Dir. Renumeration          0         0         0
Audit Fees                 0         0       900
Non-audit Fees           954       927       900
Depreciation               -       713     8,041
Number of                  3         3         2
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                1.07 -27.88 -37.09
Pretax              -3.86 -54.45 -60.65
Total Assets         2.19   4.07   6.67
Current Assets      14.37  31.17  40.95
Current             79.78  -15.3 -62.83
Liabilities
Capital Employed     1.53   4.43   9.75
Employee Wages       2.06  12.51  37.15
Number of               0     50     50
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 1,854 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -4.23     2.14    21.82
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       -4.9      .44    11.92
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.42      .52     9.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              46.15      125   285.37
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       10.69      1.5        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                     .5     1.03      2.1
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,419.7 23,251.5 36,092.8
                                                          3        8        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    12,000 17,116.2   23,000
                                                                   8
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  34,803.1   54,000 79,673.1
                                                          3                 2
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  41.08    32.32    22.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  90
=
Year -1  83
=
Year -2  10
=         0
Year -3  10
=         0

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/08/201 31/08/201 31/08/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                2.62      2.77      6.01
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          2.58      2.75       5.9
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              2.62       2.8      6.08
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                          29.98     31.52     47.47
Sales / Total Assets (%)                            8.61      8.71     12.43
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                             0.1       0.1      0.14
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                       153.15    140.85     79.04
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                9.93     15.61      6.41
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  9.93     15.61      6.41
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                          1.11      1.14      2.35
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.99      0.98      0.97
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -      1.14      1.17
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     22,590.6 22,133.67  30,117.5
(GBP)                                                  7
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  34.43     34.09     22.07
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       19,674.3 20,464.67  64,788.5
                                                       3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               65,616.3 64,923.67 136,471.5
                                                       3
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          750,561. 739,220.7 1,078,134
                                                       7
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        650,070.   647,777   970,272
                                                       7
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)         761,812 745,478.3 1,098,057
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                    46.55     47.77     65.49
Value Added / Sales (%)                            64.41     65.98     72.49
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)           42,265    42,836  98,926.5
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                 1.87      1.94      3.28
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -    303.27
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -  2,440.13
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                        0.08      0.09      0.23
Total Debt / Total Assets                           0.01      0.01      0.02

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 2,251,685

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Blue Spire Ltd

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                            June 13, 2012 Wednesday

NIRSAL - Unlocking Nigeria's Agricultural Potentials

LENGTH: 1213 words


Over the years, the uninspiring performance of the Nigerian agricultural sector,
in terms of its contribution to country's total revenue have been a source of
concern to successive government.

This had led to the creation of various initiatives aimed at taking the agric
sector out of the doldrums. Unfortunately, despite various policies that were
created in the past, the sector had remained prostrate and had discouraged
investors.

But as the world population explodes and the threats to global food security
heighten, attention is gradually turning more and more to agriculture. Countries
and institutions have continued to push for large-scale agricultural
transformation as part of efforts to achieve increased growth and reduced rural
poverty.

In fact, disturbed by the development, the Nigerian Bankers' Committee in
conjunction with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) conceived a policy aimed at
repositioning the agricultural production in the country.

The agric development programme tagged Nigerian Incentive-based Risk Sharing
Agricultural Lending (NIRSAL) - an idea that has been proposed to drive
agricultural revolution in the country.

According to the CBN, the Nigerian agriculture sector stands before an enormous
opportunity and in order to capture that prospect, a revolutionary approach is
required for agricultural value chains and agriculture financing by commercial
banks.

NIRSAL is an innovative mechanism targeted at de-risking lending to the
agricultural sector.

The CBN described NIRSAL as a wide ranging, ambitious programme whose goals
fully align with President Jonathan's administration's commitment to achieving
food security, increased job creation and poverty reduction in Nigeria.

A report by the Alliance for Green Revolution in Africa (AGRA), founded by a
former Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, showed that
Agriculture accounts for roughly 41 per cent of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in
Nigeria and 50 per cent of the economically active population in the country.
Figures revealed by the report showed that if the Nigerian government is sincere
in its poverty reduction campaign, it absolutely has to fix agriculture.

The report also showed that the country has 70 per cent of its population
rightly in rural areas and about 70 per cent also living in less than one dollar
a day. It attributed the 70 per cent population figure still living on one
dollar a day to the fact that the Nigerian agricultural sector is still at the
subsistence level . It stated that since 2000, agriculture has been the slowest
growing sector, growing roughly at about 5.1 per cent per annum.

AGRA said: "Nigeria represents a macrocosm of agricultural opportunities.
Agriculture plays a huge role in the economy. Historically, a growth sector,
agriculture has slowed over the last decade and today it is underperforming.
Absurdly, Nigeria relies heavily on imports to feed its people. Yet agriculture
still offers immense opportunities for growth. By transforming the sector,
Nigeria can produce more food to feed itself, lower the cost of food imports,
and even become a major food exporter and a breadbasket for the whole of West
Africa.

"Agriculture can generate additional growth and employment. We estimate that by
increasing yield and acreage, production can grow a massive 160 per cent by
2030, rising from $99 billion in 2010 to $256 billion in 2030. Already in
2001-2007, it accounted for 51 per cent of job creation in Nigeria. In a short,
agriculture harbours the key growth reserves to drive Nigeria's economic
greatness."

It however insisted that the country must first tackle major challenges such as
low productivity, saying that the average farmer produces less than 75 percent
of household food requirements.

The report listed other challenges to include: infrastructure - roads, energy,
storage are insufficient. Research and Development (R&D), a key factor in the
transformation of the new agricultural powerhouses, as shown in the case of
Brazil, need to be intensified in Nigeria.

"Agricultural chains in the country are broken, missing out vital links for
instance, between the processors and seed manufacturers. Estimates put the
nation's improved seed demand at over 1 million metric tons a year; yet, the
country produces only a mere 8,000 metric tons," it added.

The CBN last week restated its resolve to guarantee 75 per cent loans provided
by Deposit Money Banks to farmers in the 36 states of the federation and the
Federal Capital Territory (FCT) as part of efforts to transform the agricultural
sector. The loan guarantee is being packaged under the NIRSAL.

Head of NIRSAL Project Implementation Office under the Development Finance
Department, CBN, Mr. Jude Uzonwanne, had stated that the guarantee would be
issued by the NIRSAL to the farmers in the states and FCT through commercial
banks and other financial institutions.

He had explained: "NIRSAL mobilises financing for Nigerian agro-business by
using credit guarantees to address the risk of default. NIRSAL is a flexible
financing tool designed to change the behaviour of financial institutions.

"It covers all crops and livestock activities in Nigeria, while driving improved
investment outcomes and job creation. It is also building on a legacy of
previous CBN interventions in agriculture that has helped create thousands of
jobs."

According to him, the programme was designed to create access to finance by
integrating end-to-end agriculture value chains such as input producers,
farmers, agro dealers, agro processors and industrial manufacturers with
agricultural financing value chains - loan product development, credit
distribution, loan origination, managing and pricing for risk, and loan
disbursement.

"The integration is driven by NIRSAL's 5 pillars, particularly the Risk Sharing
Pillar and the Technical Assistance pillars such as risk sharing facility (N45
billion), insurance facility (N4.5 billion), technical assistance facility,
agricultural bank rating scheme (N1.5 billion), and bank incentive mechanism
(N15 billion)," he noted.

The Minister of State for FCT, Chief Olajumoke Akinjide, said that the NIRSAL
should be encouraged, pointing out that the programme was fundamental to the
success of the Federal Government's Agricultural Transformational Agenda (ATA).

According to him, the programme was established to address the grey areas
inhibiting agricultural growth in Nigeria.

"NIRSAL under the ATA seeks to address all the technical, administrative and
financial needs of the farmers along the selected agricultural value chain
commodities in which the country has comparative advantage," he added.

On her part, the Group Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, Union Bank of
Nigeria Plc, Mrs. Funke Osibodu, recently called for concerted efforts by banks
to make agricultural financing attractive and profitable for investors by
focusing on a holistic value chain.

Osibodu identified the benefits of the approach to include the production of
input/output linkages, meeting the needs of industries, infrastructure needs of
stakeholders, among others.

The Union Bank boss said: "The value chain model will enhance increase in per
capita income, employment generation, rural development, empowerment of citizens
and well informed banking customers."

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Copyright 2017 Dun & Bradstreet Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
                         D&B Financial Analysis Reports

                                 March 27, 2017

                   COLCHESTER UNITED FC FITC TRADING LIMITED

                         WESTON HOMES COMMUNITY STADIUM
                                   UNITED WAY
                                   COLCHESTER
                               COLCHESTER CO4 5UP


TRADE ADDRESS: Weston Homes Community Stadium United Way, COLCHESTER CO4 5UP

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 01206755118
URL: www.cu-fc.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 09397817

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 20, 2015
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  COLCHESTER UNITED FC FOOTBALL IN THE COMMUNITY
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  COLCHESTER UNITED FC FOOTBALL IN THE COMMUNITY

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Robert Arthur Cowling, Managing Director
     ·    Mr Kevin John Bull, Director
     ·    Timothy James Waddington, Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    HelenHaworth


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Operation of sports facilities
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
93110

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: June 30, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: June 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  June 30, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  March 17, 2017
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 20, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  GUARANTEE

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                4,463         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             4,463         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          47,835         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   6,781    17,745         -
Other Current Assets                          54,616    17,745         -
Total Current Assets                          54,616    17,745         -
Fixed Assets                                   4,463         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  59,079    17,745         -



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           30/06/201 30/06/201         -
                                                   6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             59,078    17,744         -
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     59,078    17,744         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                      848         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     59,078    17,744         -
Total Long Term Liabilities                      848         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             59,926    17,744         -
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 1         1         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                   -848         0         -
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                               -847         1         -
Called Up Share Capital                            1         1         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         1         1         -


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   30/06/201 30/06/201  -
                           6         5
                         GBP       GBP GB
                                        P
Total Sales                -         -  -
Cost of Sales              -         -  -
Gross Profit               -         -  -
Operating Profit           -         -  -
Export                     -         -  -
Nontrading Income          -         -  -
Interest Payable           -         -  -
Pretax Profit              -         -  -
Taxation                   -         -  -
Profit After Tax           -         -  -
Dividends Payable          -         -  -
Retained Profits           -         -  -
Value Added                -         -  -
Capital Employed           1         1  -
Net Worth               -847         1  -
Working Capital        -4462         1  -
Emp. Renumeration          -         -  -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -  -
Audit Fees                 -         -  -
Non-audit Fees             -         -  -
Depreciation               -         -  -
Number of                  -         -  -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets       232.93      -      -
Current Assets     207.78      -      -
Current            232.95      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        0      -      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 3,000 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
92610 Operation of sports arenas and stadiums



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.63      .93     9.71
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -2.88      .26      6.3
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.96     1.12    12.16
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                 20    58.53   178.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        9.37        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    .29      .95     2.08
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            12,151.8 19,969.6 28,809.4
                                                          3        5        9
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)     9,000 13,691.3 20,154.4
                                                                   6        2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    20,200 34,261.5 53,636.3
                                                                   4        6
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  49.75    39.48     28.6



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=
Year -1  -
=
Year -2  -
=
Year -3  -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                    0/06/201 30/06/201 -
                                                           6         5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                       -         - -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                                 -         - -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                     -         - -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                                  -         - -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                                   -         - -
Export / Sales (%)                                         -         - -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                                -         - -
Sales / Stocks                                             -         - -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales ) x           -         - -
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                    0.92         1 -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                      0.92         1 -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                                 -         - -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                      -0.01         0 -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         - -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                         -         - -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                               -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)          -         - -
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                          -         - -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  -         - -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                          -         - -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                     -         - -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -         - -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                            -         - -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                    -         - -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                    -         - -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                        -         - -
Sales / Audit Fees                                         -         - -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                                  -         - -
Creditors / Debtors                                        -         - -
Total Debt / Working Capital                               -         - -
Total Debt / Total Assets                                  -         - -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2017


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

FORM 8-K: Midway Gold Corp FILES Current report

LENGTH: 649  words

DATELINE: Washington


Midway Gold Corp, Canada, has filed FORM 8-K (Current report) with Securities
and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2014

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Canada

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On May 22, 2014, Midway Gold Corp. issued the press release attached hereto as
Exhibit 99.1 announcing the execution of a commitment letter for a $55 million
project financial facility with Commonwealth Bank of Australia. In accordance
with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information set forth herein and
in the press release is deemed to be "furnished" and shall not be deemed to be
"filed" for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The
information set forth in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not
be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information in this Current
Report on Form 8-K that is required to be disclosed solely to satisfy the
requirements of Regulation FD.

Item 9.01. Exhibits.


Exhibit  Description
99.1*  Press Release, dated May 22, 2014

MIDWAY EXECUTES COMMITMENT LETTER

FOR US$55 MILLION PROJECT FINANCE FACILITY WITH COMMONWEALTH BANK OF AUSTRALIA

PAN PROJECT, NEVADA

Denver, Colorado - Midway Gold Corp. ("Midway" or the "Company") (MDW:TSX,
MDW:NYSE-MKT) announces the signing of a binding commitment letter with
Commonwealth Bank of Australia ("Commonwealth Bank") for a US$55 million 3-year
senior secured project finance facility (the "Loan Facility") for the
development of the Company's 100%-owned Pan Gold Mine in White Pine County,
Nevada. Closing is expected to occur by the end of June 2014.

The Loan Facility is comprised of two tranches, a project finance facility of
US$45 million plus a cost overrun facility of US$10 million. Advances under the
project finance facility will bear interest at LIBOR plus 3.5% to 3.75%, and
advances under the cost overrun facility will bear interest at the project
finance facility rate plus 2%.

Ken Brunk, President and CEO of Midway, states, "We are pleased to be able to
announce this major milestone for our Company and to have Commonwealth Bank as a
new financial partner as we work toward gold production and positive cash flow.
Our progress to date through permitting and financing speaks to the high quality
of our first project and we look forward to achieving the highest return we can
for our shareholders. We would like to thank our employees for their continued
hard work and our shareholders and local community members for their support
through this extensive process. We have committed approximately $21 million to
project construction to date and the build out is about 20% complete."

May 19, 2014


Additional Loan Facility Information

The Loan Facility is subject to completion of loan and security documentation
and customary conditions precedent to closing, and will be secured by
substantially all of the assets of the borrower (MDW Pan LLP, which is comprised
solely of the Pan Project) and its affiliates. Upon achieving economic
completion and meeting certain other requirements, security will be limited to
the assets of MDW Pan LLP and guarantees from the Company and an affiliate.
Closing is expected to occur at the end of June 2014.

A condition precedent to draw on the loan is the establishment of an un-margined
hedging program through Commonwealth Bank, which provides downside protection
for the Company's debt. This program will cover a period of less than two years
commencing approximately six months after the planned start of production and is
expected to comprise an estimated 11% of the Project's anticipated life-of-mine
production based on the current reserve base (See November 2011 Resource
Estimate) assuming a spot gold price of approximately $1300/oz.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

To borrow or not to borrow

BYLINE: LAURA CONE, THE SUN

SECTION: THE SUN; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 682 words


Some think SCC should bill itself as a 'debt-free community'

By LAURA CONE

THE SUN

For some here, William Shakespeare said it best - neither a borrower nor a
lender be. Like most living in Sun City Center, these residents don't object to
the Community Association's proposed new construction and renovations. What they
do oppose is veering away from what they see as the community's "pay-as-you-go,"
debt-free philosophy.

CA officials say they would take a $2.4 million bank loan to help pay for the
proposed $3 million new construction plan, with the remaining $600,000 being
made up from the capital account. Among the upgrades included in the plan are a
cafe, sports lounge, entertainment building, multi-use building and plaza.

But former industrial engineer Ken Stephens, who attended the Jan. 4
CA-sponsored "coffee and conversation," is one of the many with questions. He
said some retirement communities draw new residents by promoting the idea of
being a "debt-free community."

"Most people I talk to are very much in favor of modernizing our facilities, and
I agree some are 50 years old and they need modification, but in the past we
have done this as a pay-as-you-go basis. We have never floated such a large
loan," Stephens said.

Stephens is at odds with the interest paid on the loan, and the money tied up
paying that interest, approximately $654,000.

"That's $650,000 of valuable revenues toward paying a bank back interest that
could otherwise be put into construction and further development," Stephens said
of the 5 percent, 10 year loan. "They use the term 'long range plan.' Well, it's
not very much of a long range plan. They want to do it all now, right now. They
want to build within two years. Then we stagnate, from that point on, any
further development while they use all the revenues they get to pay off the
loan."

Stephens is also worried CA dues will go up if the loan goes into default or if
the projected income in capital fund fees from resale homes being transferred
falls short.

Joe Dube of Sun City Center shares the same concerns.

"I feel we should do it as we accumulate money - not from a loan," Dube said.

Chuck Collett, a member of the CA board, explained the financing during the town
hall meeting this past November.

He said CA officials would set aside $500,000 from existing capital construction
funds as a reserve in case revenues from the capital fund fee do not meet
expectations.

Still, Dube is skeptical and worries that the plan could backfire.

"In order to get the loan we have to guarantee it with our dues," he said.
"That's going to be security for the loan. I don't mind our dues going up for
reasonable things, but God forbid we don't get the sales they except. It could
increase our dues."

Gene Dinisio of Sun City Center said he is all for the plan, and isn't worried
about financing.

"We have lived here 12 years," Dinisio said. "I frequent the Fitness Center. I
love it. They just built a new one. It's a first-class facility."

Dinisio said he is hoping the improvements to the community will raise his
property value.

"Our home value is worth 70 percent of what we paid for it," he said. "Thank
goodness we don't have a mortgage."

His wife, Marcia, said SCC has to stay competitive with other retirement
communities. She thinks the proposed multi-use building, which will house the CA
offices and SCC Information Center, will be impressive.

"The first thing you see represents what you are going to think about a place,"
Marcia Dinisio said. "If it looks run down, they won't be impressed. The front
has to be brought up."

Members of the Sun City Center Community Association board of directors will
answer questions and give an overview of the project at the final of three town
hall meetings Jan. 19 at 7 p.m. at Community Hall.

The vote on the ballot to approve the major renovation project is set for Feb.
13 from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. in the Caper Room and Feb. 14 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. at
Community Hall.

Lcone@mediageneral.com

(813) 731-2008

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2009 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                  June 2, 2009

                         INCE COMMUNITY RESOURCE CENTRE

                         INCE CLINIC & COMMUNITY CENTRE
                             MANCHESTER ROAD, INCE
                                     WIGAN

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03578628

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: June 10, 1998

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    George Ogilvie Fulton, Warehouse Operative
     ·    Alisa Margaret Stacey, None
     ·    David Sharples, Retired
     ·    Margaret Rose Mann, Retired
     ·    Angela Margaret Hutchinson, Manager


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    ANGELA MARGARETHUTCHINSON, MANAGER


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: RBS
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92310 - Artistic and literary creation and interpretation
92320 - Operation of arts facilities
92340 - Other entertainment activities not elsewhere classified
92720 - Other recreational activities not elsewhere classified

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2007
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2007
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  February 8, 2008
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 31, 2007
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                   7         6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                2,000     2,000     3,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                             2,000     2,000     3,000
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                        1,000     2,000     1,000
Cash                                          18,000    38,000    65,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0     1,000     1,000
Other Current Assets                          18,000    39,000    66,000
Total Current Assets                          19,000    41,000    67,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0     1,000
TOTAL ASSETS                                  21,000    43,000    70,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                   7         6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              2,000    15,000    30,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      2,000    15,000    30,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              2,000    15,000    30,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 19,000    28,000    40,000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                             19,000    28,000    40,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    19,000    28,000    40,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                           7         6         5
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales           24,000    32,000    39,000
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          -9000    -13000    -10000
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      19,000    28,000    40,000
Net Worth             19,000    28,000    40,000
Working Capital       17,000    26,000    37,000
Emp. Renumeration     23,000    22,000    14,000
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -    -25    -39
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -    -51    -70
Current Assets          -    -54    -72
Current                 -    -87    -93
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -    -32    -53
Employee Wages          -      5     64
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 4,785 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2007)
SIC Code:
92310 Artistic and literary creation and
interpretation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -2.31    14.29    74.60
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -6.11     4.76    40.36
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -2.72     4.17    28.57
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              60.96   182.07   360.22
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       23.55     0.00     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.67     1.23     2.67
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  10,625.0 18,100.0 24,201.8
                                                          0        0        6
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  25,955.4 48,533.8 79,875.0
                                                          6        5        0
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  45.00    33.00    19.23



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                      71
=
Year -2                                      67
=
Year -3                                      69
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                       7         6         5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              -47.37    -46.43    -25.00
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                        -42.86    -30.23    -14.29
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            -47.37    -46.43    -25.00
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                         -37.50    -40.63    -25.64
Sales / Total Assets (%)                          114.29     74.42     55.71
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                        70.83     81.25     94.87
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     15.21     22.81      9.36
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                9.50      2.73      2.23
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  9.50      2.73      2.23
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.90      0.65      0.57
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  95.83     68.75     35.90
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.00      0.00      0.00
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 19,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: CCS Accountancy Services
BANKER: ROYAL BANK OF SCOTLAND

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 17, 2017

                        KBR Rural Public Power District

                      P. O. Box 187, 374 North Pine Street
                                Ainsworth 69210
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


KBR Wins Appeal; U.S. Court of Appeals Reverses $81 Million Judgment Against KBR


   May 18, 2015

   KBR announced that it won its appeal in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit. The Court of Appeals ruled in KBR's favor, and vacated and
reversed an $81 million judgment against the company.The now-vacated judgment
had been entered by a federal magistrate judge in Oregon in favor of a group of
Oregon national guardsmen who alleged they were exposed to Iraqi-supplied sodium
dichromate in 2003 during the Iraq war when deployed by the U.S. Army to provide
force protection at a water treatment plant in Iraq.The Court of Appeals held
that KBR was not subject to personal jurisdiction in Oregon, thus agreeing with
what KBR had contended years earlier at the beginning of the lawsuit. As a
result, the Court of Appeals reversed the $81 million judgment in its entirety.
KBR's Executive Vice President and General Counsel Eileen Akerson said: "This
ruling is another major step in resolving the few remaining legacy tort claims
related to KBR's work supporting the U.S. military in Iraq. We look forward to
bringing closure to all of those matters." Approximately 130 other plaintiffs
brought a similar lawsuit in federal court in Houston, Texas. The federal judge
in the Texas case granted summary judgment on the merits in favor of KBR with
respect to all of plaintiffs' claims except for their claim for intentional
infliction of emotional distress. KBR's lead trial lawyer is Geoffrey L.
Harrison, a partner at Susman Godfrey LLP in Houston. KBR's lead appellate
lawyer, Warren W. Harris, a partner at Bracewell & Giuliani LLP in Houston,
argued the successful appeal.


USDA Announces Funding Of Around $1.95 Billion To Improve Electric Service In
Rural Communities Across US

   Oct 11, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding to modernize and
improve the efficiency of rural electric generation and transmission systems.
The announcement includes additional support of $134m in smart grid
technologies. The $1.95 billion in loan guarantees announced are provided by
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service.The funding helps electric
utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric
infrastructure. The agency also funds energy conservation and renewable energy
projects.Tom Vilsack, agriculture secretary at USDA, said, USDA and the Obama
administration continue to make key investments in rural electric cooperatives
that will modernize service and improve reliability for rural businesses and
residential customer. Today's announcement also includes funding that will
enable rural electric cooperatives and utilities to adopt smart grid
technologies in their operation as part of the ongoing efforts to modernize
rural America's electric grid. The following is a list of rural utilities that
will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement. South Alabama Electric Cooperative will receive
$17,800,000 that will be used to build and improve 144 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $125,000 in
smart grid projects. Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation will receive
$245,000,000 that will be used to acquire Hot Spring Generating Facility, a 660
MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle electric generating plant. The funding also
covers communities in Louisiana, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas. Kirkwood Meadows
Public Utility District will receive $50,000,000 that will be used to build or
improve 40 miles of distribution and transmission line and make other system
improvements in California. The loan guarantee includes $200,000 in smart grid
projects. Eagle Valley Clean Energy, LLC will receive $40,000,000 that will be
used to partially finance a renewable generating plant with a capacity of 11.5
MW in Colorado. The plant will utilize wood biomass for fuel. Green Energy Team,
LLC will receive $72,883,000 that will be used to partially finance a renewable
generating plant with a capacity of 7.5 MW in Hawaii. The plant will utilize
wood biomass for fuel. Southern Iowa Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$10,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 106 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $135,000 in
smart grid projects and $2,043,387 for storm damage projects. SMECO Solar, LLC
will receive $14,565,000 that will be used to finance the construction of the
Herbert Farm Solar Project, a 5.5 MW renewable solar-powered generating facility
in Maryland. Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$87,160,000 that will be used to build 37 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. Federated Rural Electric Association will receive
$6,700,000 that will used to build and improve 76 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements in Minnesota and Iowa. The loan guarantee
includes $1,542,000 in smart grid projects. South Mississippi Electric Power
Association will also receive $480,000,000 that will be used to finance a 15%
share of the Kemper County Integrated Gasification combined cycle project. South
Mississippi Electric Power Association will receive $90,863,000 that will be
used to build seven miles of transmission line and four new substations and make
communications upgrades. The loan amount includes $67,228,000 in smart grid
projects. KAMO Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $154,600,000 that will be
used to finance 116 miles of new transmission line, two substations and make
other system improvements in Missouri and Oklahoma. The loan amount includes
$32,120,980 in smart grid projects. KBR Rural Public Power District will receive
$13,314,000 that will be used to build and improve 129 miles of distribution
line and nine miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements in
Nebraska . The loan amount includes $791,475 in smart grid projects. Otero
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $30,886,000 that will be used to
build and improve 200 miles of distribution line and 10 miles of transmission
line, and make other system improvements in New Mexico. The loan amount includes
$345,000 in smart grid projects. Central Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $44,973,000 that will be used to build and improve 589 miles of
distribution line and 30 miles of transmission line, and make other system
improvements in New Mexico. Delaware County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $5,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 53 miles of
distribution line, two substations and make other system improvements in New
York. The loan amount includes $50,660 in smart grid projects. Minnkota Power
Cooperative, Inc. will receive $308,700,000 that will be used to build 260 miles
of transmission line in North Dakota and Minnesota. The loan amount includes
$2,800,000 in smart grid projects. Mountrail-Williams Electric Cooperative will
receive $54,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 520 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in North Dakota and
Montana. The loan amount includes $659,800 in smart grid projects. Firelands
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $4,800,000 that will be used to build
and improve 43 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Ohio. The loan amount includes $1,122,000 in smart grid projects.Midwest
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $9,000,000 that will be used to build
and improve 115 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Ohio. The loan amount includes $288,900 in smart grid projects. San Patrico
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $16,853,000 that will be used to build
and improve 202 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Texas. The loan amount includes $2,157,754 in smart grid projects. East Texas
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $151,000,000 that will be used to
finance a 50 MW renewable generating plant. The plant will use wood biomass for
fuel. Orcas Power and Light Cooperative will receive $38,402,000 that will be
used to build and improve 109 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements in Washington. The loan amount includes $24,296,000 in smart grid
projects. Wyrulec Company will receive $4,887,000 that will be used to build and
improve 85 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Wyoming and Nebraska. The loan amount includes $155,700 in smart grid projects.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2004 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                August 31, 2004

                           NEW BREED THEATRE COMPANY

                              23 NEW MOUNT STREET
                                   MANCHESTER

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 03533519

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: March 24, 1998
EMPLOYEES: 2

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Paula Clare Keaveney, Deputy Manager
     ·    Mr Richard Andrew Gregory, Theatre Director
     ·    Patricia Anne Garrett, Voluntary Worker
     ·    Paul Mittler, Information Officer
     ·    Diana Williams, Civil Servant
     ·    Dr Anne Allister, General Medical Practitioner


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    A G SECRETARIAL LIMITED, CORPORATE BODY


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Prvt ltd by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::Prvt ltd
by guarantee w/out share cap under section 30::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
92320 - Operation of arts facilities

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2003
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2003
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 5, 2003
ANNUAL RETURN:  March 24, 2003
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                   3         2         1
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                2,000         0         0
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                             2,000         0         0
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0     4,000         0
Cash                                           6,000     7,000    13,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                           6,000     7,000    13,000
Total Current Assets                           6,000    11,000    13,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                   8,000    11,000    13,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                   3         2         1
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0     4,000         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              4,000    10,000    17,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      4,000    14,000    17,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              4,000    14,000    17,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry             2,000     1,000         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  2,000     -4000     -4000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                              4,000     -3000     -4000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     4,000     -3000     -4000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                           3         2         1
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales          109,000    49,000    30,000
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit          7,000     1,000     -4000
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       4,000     -3000     -4000
Net Worth              4,000     -3000     -4000
Working Capital        2,000     -3000     -4000
Emp. Renumeration     27,000    20,000    16,000
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  2         2         2
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -    122    263
Pretax                  -    600      -
Total Assets            -    -27    -39
Current Assets          -    -46    -54
Current                 -    -71    -77
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -      -      -
Employee Wages          -     35     69
Number of               -      0      0
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 139 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2003)
SIC Code:
92320 Operation of arts facilities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                 -11.56     0.00    15.22
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -6.43     0.00    11.79
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -5.27     0.00     5.76
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              49.59   136.84   288.88
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       12.59     5.91     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.69     1.14     2.91
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  9,436.18 12,234.0 14,974.0
                                                                   4        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  25,500.0 33,471.4 47,685.7
                                                          0        3        1
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  47.09    35.95    26.25



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -2         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -3         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/200 31/03/200 31/03/200
                                                       3         2         1
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)              175.00         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                         87.50      9.09    -30.77
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)            175.00         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           6.42      2.04    -13.33
Sales / Total Assets (%)                        1,362.50    445.45    230.77
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         1.83     -6.12    -13.33
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )      0.00     29.80      0.00
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.50      0.79      0.76
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.50      0.79      0.76
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.50         -         -
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees     13,500.0 10,000.00  8,000.00
(GBP)                                                  0
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                  24.77     40.82     53.33
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)       3,500.00    500.00  -2000.00
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)               54,500.0 24,500.00 15,000.00
                                                       0
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees          2,000.00  -1500.00  -2000.00
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)        4,000.00  5,500.00  6,500.00
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -      1.00         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 4,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Community Accountancy Service

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013
