
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2014 University of Detroit Mercy School of Law

                     University of Detroit Mercy Law Review

                                   Fall, 2014

                     University of Detroit Mercy Law Review

                          91 U. Det. Mercy L. Rev. 317

LENGTH: 15509 words

NOTE: Cultivating Capital: A Look at the Issues Affecting Urban Farms as a
Business and How New Innovative Policy Changes at the Federal and State Level
Will Impact the Financial Sustainability of Urban Farms

NAME: William Semaan*

BIO: * William E. Semaan Jr. is a third-year student at the University of
Detroit Mercy School of Law. He would like to thank Professor Jacqueline Hand
for her guidance in planning and writing this Note. He would also like to thank
the Executive Board of Law Review for the opportunity to publish this Note.

HIGHLIGHT: John Greene is at a crossroads in his life. As a 29 year-old army
veteran living in Detroit, John cannot seem to find his niche in society after
his stint in Iraq. John attempted a career in sales, however working out of a
cubicle 40 hours a week was a difficult lifestyle to adapt to. As a true
outdoorsman, John has always held an interest in agriculture. Moreover, John has
always been an entrepreneur at heart and longed to start his own small business.
As a life-long Detroit native, John decides he wants to put his sales career
aside and start his own urban farm in Detroit.

TEXT:
 [*317]  Introduction

 Urban agriculture is experiencing a boom among American cities today. Over the
past two decades, urban agriculture has emerged as a movement to foster the
rehabilitation of ailing cities, supporting local economies, and providing
communities with access to fresh foods. n1 These efforts have typically taken
root in blighted American cities with dense populations and an abundance of
available land. n2 Urban agriculture enthusiasts see community gardens and urban
farms as a source of healthy food production, a potential source of income, and
a cost-effective way to utilize vacant land. n3 Unlike traditional agriculture,
urban agriculture is a more complex system, which encompasses a broad spectrum
of interests and benefits, from sustainable and organic methods of farming to
traditional activities associated with the production and distribution of food.
Although the upside seems measureless, the unfortunate truth is that urban farms
have yet to find success in the market economy. n4 "They may  [*318]  be at the
forefront of ecological sustainability, but economic sustainability eludes
them." n5

   In particular, one must wonder where the funding comes from for such a large
movement, and whether urban farmers can maintain a living off such an
unconventional business. Despite the demand from the community, many urban
farmers have struggled to secure sufficient capital to finance their projects.
n6 Urban farm entrepreneurs are finding that the traditional and archaic methods
of securing capital for agricultural ventures, such as government farm loans or
grants, are especially difficult to obtain due to the unique nature of urban
farming businesses. Fortunately, the path to stable funding for urban
agriculture businesses is in sight as mounting advocacy for new capital sources
has led to innovative policy changes at the federal and state level.

   This Note will analyze some of the financial and business-related concerns
many urban-farm entrepreneurs are facing today. Securing sufficient capital in
order to finance startup expenses is a crucial step in starting any business,
including urban farms. The first section will discuss reasons why urban farm
entrepreneurs are struggling to secure capital. As limited sources of available
capital for young and cash-strapped entrepreneurs impedes the development of
many urban farms, this Note will also discuss new and alternative sources of
available capital, including recently enacted legislation that would assist
urban farmers with securing microloans. The features of microloans include small
amounts, flexible payment periods, and a streamlined application process, which
make them an ideal source of capital for urban farm entrepreneurs.

   In the midst of financial ruin and home to the largest amount of abandoned
property in the country, Detroit fits the profile of a city urban farm
entrepreneurs flock to. As a result, Detroit has essentially become a test lab
for the urban agricultural movement. Therefore, this Note will use Detroit as a
case study in determining which factors are affecting urban farm entrepreneurs'
access to capital and the sustainability of urban farms as a business.

   Whether urban farming entrepreneurs are able to secure sufficient capital for
their businesses or not, it is essential for them to develop plausible business
strategies. This is because of the unconventional business nature of urban
agriculture, particularly its underlying  [*319]  environmental and social
goals, which urban farmers strive to fulfill in addition to making a living. For
this reason, it must be assessed whether there should be an alternative legal
status or business structure for businesses like urban farms that is better
suited to support their unique interests. Therefore, this Note will also explore
newly proposed legislation, including benefit corporation laws, as an
alternative status to traditional for-profit and non-profit businesses, and
whether this new status can help urban farms achieve their goals.

   I. Many Entrepreneurs Struggle to Secure Capital for Urban Farm Projects

 Among the first steps for John in starting his urban farm is determining which
type of crops his farm will produce and finding suitable land for his farm.
However, one of the most important steps and perhaps, the most troubling for
many young urban farmers is securing capital and financing his urban farm
business. Unfortunately, John did not save much money while in the army nor in
his short-lived sales career. With only a credit card and few thousand dollars
in a savings account to his name, John applies for a loan from the Farm Service
Agency in an effort to obtain enough funding for his urban farm.

   There is no doubt that Americans' preference for sustainable agriculture,
including organic farming and urban agriculture, has grown considerably in
recent years. n7 This growth is largely due to the changing agricultural
landscape of America over the past decade. America has experienced a shift in
agricultural policy favoring large commercial "mega-farms," which has led to the
erosion of the small family farm. However, this shift has also resulted in a
multitude of legal and environmental issues. n8 For this reason, our society has
become more conscious of environmental and health issues more than ever before.
Food safety fears, organically grown foods, nutrition, and an inclination to
support local farmers are just some of the reasons why American consumers prefer
organic and urban  [*320]  farming as the source of their food. n9 The
Department of Agriculture estimates that nearly fifteen percent of the world's
food is being grown in urban environments. n10 This number can only grow as over
80% of the American population is now living in urban areas. n11

   In the past two decades, America has seen a significant growth in organic
farming. n12 Due to the lack of statistical research measuring the progress of
urban agriculture, statistics of organic farming can be used to capture similar
general trends in America since the similarities between organic and urban
farming are vast and the majority of urban farms employ organic methods. n13
Organic food sales grew from $ 1 billion in 1990 to $ 26.7 billion in 2010 and
almost seventy percent of U.S. consumers now purchase organic products. n14
Despite this significant growth, a majority of organic farms remain small. n15
Studies indicate that such rapid growth in the organic food market has
overwhelmed organic farmers to the point where they cannot match the pace of
expansion with increases in farm production. n16 This rationale is supported by
the fact that a majority of organic farms are family-based operations;
approximately eighty-five percent of organic farms are listed as either sole
proprietorships or family partnerships, and a majority of organic farms generate
less than $ 25,000 in sales. n17 These statistics suggest that the overall
growth of the organic farm  [*321]  industry "tends to be more accounted for by
business start-ups" as opposed to the expansion of existing businesses. n18
Among the slew of factors this trend could be attributed to include the business
structures, philosophies, management styles, and mentalities of organic farmers,
which distinguishes them from operators of traditional and conventional farms.
n19

   Determining how to finance operations is a crucial step to starting any
business. Many entrepreneurs planning to start their own small-scale urban farms
have struggled to secure capital to finance their projects. n20 Among the
various issues contributing to this problem is the fact that urban farmers tend
to be young and newly-minted entrepreneurs. n21 Many young entrepreneurs seeking
their first business endeavor often have little business acumen or no financial
track record to prove financial viability. n22 Another reason is that urban
agriculture is such an unconventional business that traditional and established
methods of business valuation do not apply. n23 Furthermore, part of the problem
is that starting a small-scale urban farm requires fairly small amounts of
money, which, in many cases, may fall short of typical lending standards or is
likely not feasible when lending transactions costs are factored in. n24 As a
result of their struggles to secure capital, many urban-farm entrepreneurs have
turned to their credit cards in order to finance their business operations. n25
Cash-strapped urban famers may be forced to put thousands of dollars' worth of
expenses on a credit card, which is a mistake for a large farm, but may prove to
be devastating for small-scale urban farms. n26

   These financing troubles were demonstrated in a small survey of local Detroit
food and farming entrepreneurs assessing how they approach funding their
operations. n27 Among the surveyed, only five percent claimed they had
successfully obtained commercial bank loans. n28 Sixty-two percent  [*322]  of
the entrepreneurs said they used personal savings and credit cards, twenty-six
percent of which said they planned on using personal savings and credit cards in
the future. n29 Furthermore, sixty-four percent wished to finance their
operations with grants and donations, but only forty-five percent had
successfully done so. n30 Because this problem is so critical, legislatures have
finally responded. Indeed, Congress and state legislatures, along with a number
of public and private organizations, have established special loan programs
specifically designed for smaller organic and urban farms.

   II. The Features and Characteristics of Microloans Fit the Needs of Small
Urban Farms and May Be the Most Effective Source of Capital for Young Urban
Farming Entrepreneurs

 John decides he is going to grow a variety of vegetables on his urban farm and
sets his sights on a half-acre plot of land on the east side of Detroit. After
spending weeks searching for a FSA loan, which included filling out paper work
and trying to meet all of loan's strict requirements for applicants, a
frustrated John was not able to find a suitable loan that matched the needs of
his urban farm business. Given the fact that John only had limited farming and
business experience, he could not meet all of the qualifications of the federal
farm loans available to made available to urban-farm entrepreneurs. With such
limited farming and business experience, John just could not meet the
qualifications of the available federal farm loans.

   A. Problems with Traditional Farm Service Agency Farmer Loans

 Many of the traditional agricultural loans offered by the United States
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) loaning arm, the Farm Service Agency (FSA),
are archaic and do not fit the needs of this generation of urban farm
entrepreneurs. n31 The typical young and inexperienced urban-farm entrepreneur
seeking a traditional FSA loan is often rejected because those types of loans
are designed to support revenues estimated from large monocrop farms as opposed
to smaller-scale community supported agriculture operations with varying crops
yielding different margins throughout the year. n32 Also, traditional lending
channels tend to shy away from such unconventional businesses for which
production output bears  [*323]  such uncertainty. Because crops from urban
farms are seasonal and perishable, "farmers often must invest quickly or risk
losing their inventory." n33 For these reasons, commercial bank loans and
traditional government loans are often difficult to obtain for urban farm
entrepreneurs.

   Another problem urban farmers face in applying for a FSA loan is the
stringent qualifications applicants must satisfy in order to be eligible for a
loan. Take for instance a young entrepreneur with little or no agricultural
experience applying for FSA's Beginning Farmers and Ranchers loan. n34 According
to the FSA, a beginning farmer is defined as one who: "has not operated a farm
for more than 10 years, does not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the median size farm in the country[,] ... meets the loan eligibility
requirements of the program to which he/she is applying, and substantially
participates in the [farm] operation." n35 Furthermore, in order to meet the
loan eligibility requirements for the Beginning Farmers and Ranchers loan, all
applicants "must have participated in the business operation of a farm for at
least three years out of the ten years prior to the date the application is
submitted," and the applicant "must make a cash down payment of at least 5
percent of the purchase price." n36 This preliminary requirement alone, among
many others, is unlikely to be met by many beginning and inexperienced
entrepreneurs. These requirements, combined with the complex application process
and extensive paperwork, often drives young farmers to turn to high-interest
credit cards to avoid the hassle. n37

   B. FSA Microloan Program

 In many cases, urban farm entrepreneurs in the beginning stages of their
project require only small amounts of funding for specific capital investments.
n38 This need seems to fit the goal of microloans. For this reason, microloans
could prove to be one of the most effective sources of capital for young urban
farming entrepreneurs. In January of 2013, the FSA launched its microloan
program to serve the needs of smaller farming operations, such as specialty crop
producers and operators of community supported agriculture. n39 The microloan
program is the result of an  [*324]  amendment to the federal Agriculture Reform
and Risk Management Act of 2012, known as the Farm Bill. n40 This amendment was
among the first actions Congress took in acknowledging the importance of
sustainable and locally grown agriculture.

   The concept of micro-lending was initially conceived in South Asia as a form
of financial development primarily focused on alleviating poverty by providing
financial assistance to the poor. n41 Micro-lending caters to low-income
households that typically are unable to secure loans through regular lending
channels as banks tend to view these borrowers as "non-bankable clients," with
high credit risks and small loans requests. n42 Despite skepticism by regular
lending channels, the micro-lending concept proved to be a successful movement.
n43 As microfinance institutions began operating around the world, a majority of
them reported successful operations due to effective poverty alleviation and
loan repayment rates of over 90 percent. n44 Microfinance has been a regular
practice in the United States since the 1980s; however, it was not introduced to
the agricultural industry until the establishment of the USDA's microloan
program in early 2013. n45

   1. Microloan Application Process

 In implementing the microloan program, the FSA has focused on streamlining the
application process and providing a longer payment period. n46 Microloans are
funded through FSA's Direct Operating Loan program and have a maximum amount of
$ 35,000, as opposed to the $ 300,000 loan cap for traditional FSA
farm-operating loans. n47 Applicants are required to secure these microloans
with collateral in the form of farm property worth at least 100 percent of the
loan amount. n48 FSA's microloan program features a more simplified and
efficient application process,  [*325]  including less paperwork and the use of
online applications. These features appear better suited to meet the
business-related needs of young and inexperienced entrepreneurs than traditional
farm loans do.

   2. Prior Farming Experience

 In contrast with traditionally strict FSA farm loan qualifications requiring a
great deal of prior experience working on a farm, microloan applicants are given
additional flexibility in meeting FSA's farm experience requirements. n49 For
microloans, experience may now include: small business practice, self-directed
apprenticeships, or involvement with an agricultural organization, such as
Future Farmers of America, farm-incubator programs, or community-based farm
training organizations. n50 These experience requirements fit the profile of
many urban farm entrepreneurs - young, cash-strapped, and with limited farming
experience.

   3. Itemized Cash-Flow & Past Yields

 Another feature urban farmers may find favorable is that FSA microloans do not
require an itemized cash-flow budget for microloan applicants. n51 An itemized
cash-flow budget, which was found in previous FSA loans, required farmers, such
as diverse vegetable growers, to develop cash-flow reports for each crop. n52
This process is tedious and is not a representative measure of success,
especially for urban farmers. n53 Another feature of FSA microloans is that
farmers are no longer required to report past yields. n54 Rather, microloan
"applicants can provide other forms of documentation such as operator's sales
receipts, financial statements, contracts, or tax returns." n55 This feature
especially benefits entrepreneurs without much farming experience.

   4. Results of the FSA Microloan Program

 Since the program's launch in January of 2013, statistics show that a solid
number of farmers have utilized FSA's microloan program. From  [*326]  January
to the close of the fiscal year, September 30, 2013, FSA made a total of 3,433
microloans in all fifty states. n56 FSA branches across the country were able to
provide over $ 66.8 million in microloans assisting beginning and smaller-scale
farmers to pay annual operating expenses such as seed, rent, and insurance. n57
The amount of microloans made in 2013 accounted for a quarter of all loans made
through FSA's Direct Operating Loan program. n58

   Perhaps one of the most encouraging signs that the FSA microloan program
could find success as a viable source of capital for urban farmers is that 68
percent of all microloans issued in the program's first year were made to
beginning farmers. n59 Furthermore, the majority of famers that received a
microloan in 2013 have received their first FSA loan. This is an indication that
the FSA microloan program may be reaching farmers unable to secure credit from
other sources. This is especially promising for entrepreneurs with minimal
agricultural experience looking to start an urban farm. n60

   5. Agricultural Act of 2014 Improvements to the FSA Microloan Programs

 Although FSA's microloan program has been relatively successful since its
establishment in 2013, further amendments were made to the Farm Bill in January
of 2014 when President Obama signed into law the Agricultural Act of 2014. n61
The new Farm Bill generally increases funding for urban agriculture, including $
150 million designated to Farmers Markets and Local Food Promotion among other
similar food programs. n62 Although spending increases for urban farming and
sustainable agriculture were not necessarily substantial, it does indicate that
Congress undoubtedly believes urban agriculture and other sustainable food
programs are effective and will likely play a large role in the future of
agriculture. Congress demonstrated this sentiment in one of the key features of
the new  [*327]  Farm bill - the permanent implementation of the FSA's microloan
program. n63

   In addition to its permanent implementation of the FSA microloan program, the
new Farm Bill includes some minor improvements to the program. Among the most
significant improvements is the exemption of microloans from term limits. These
term limits, which otherwise apply to direct operation loans, restrict the
number of years borrowers are eligible for FSA loans. n64 Term limits are often
viewed as inflexible limitations that leave farmers with no options or
exceptions in the case of natural disasters or drastic market slides. n65
Consequently, microloans made to beginning farmers are exempt from any term
limits. n66 This exemption is intended to keep young farmers from being
discouraged to seek a microloan when surpassing their term limit could inhibit
their eligibility in the future to receive other FSA loans once they have
sustained or expanded their operations. n67 The amendments focus particularly on
young farmers, as the bill will invest $ 444 million directly into beginning,
veteran, and socially disadvantaged farmer initiatives over the next ten years.
n68 The spending for the new bill represents a 154 percent increase over the
previous farm bill, which further supports the notion that Congress recognizes a
need to address the next generation of farmers. n69

   Overall, the new Farm Bill indicates Congress' commitment to steer
agricultural policy in the direction of sustainable agriculture for the future.
The most significant program of microloans features patient and flexible terms,
a more simplified application process, and smaller loan amounts, making them
ideal for initial start-up expenses for urban farms. This would typically
include annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, and land rents. It
could also include marketing and distribution expenses, family living expenses,
purchase of livestock, equipment, and other materials essential to farm
operations, like essential tools, irrigation, and delivery vehicles. n70

[*328]

   C. The Numerous Amounts of Federal Grant Programs Provided by the USDA are
Largely Unavailing for Small-Scale Urban Farmers

 Though microloans could prove to be a very effective source of capital for
urban farmers, they are not for everyone. One particular issue with microloans
is that they "must be very focused in their funding goals, otherwise the
coordination costs may not be worth the effort for such small amounts of money."
n71 An alternative or additional source of capital is grant programs. Grant
programs are offered from a variety of different sources, many of which are
designed specifically to fund urban farm projects. However, as many urban farm
entrepreneurs believe some type of grant will finance at least a portion of
their farms, many come to realize the difficulties involved with securing a
grant. n72 Federal grant programs offer a number of different grants to farmers,
yet they are not a reliable source of capital for urban farms, as evidenced by
the fact that only about 18 percent of submitted proposals for the UDSA's
Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program were awarded a grant in 2013.
n73

   Grants are nothing new to urban farmers as many rely heavily on grants for
funding. n74 The primary reason why federal grant programs are typically
ineffective for urban farm entrepreneurs is because the amount and timing of the
grants rely on a notoriously unpredictable and frustrating process. n75 The
difficulty and uncertainty involved with securing grants often leads to young
urban-farming entrepreneurs turning to simpler and quicker financing means, such
as credit cards. n76

   Nevertheless, there are some grants that, if awarded, may assist urban farms
in their financial goals. An example of a favorable federal grant program for
urban farmers is the Community Food Projects Competitive Grant Program (CFP).
n77 This program is designed to fund non-profit organizations for projects that
meet the food related needs of low-income people by expanding their communities'
capacities to provide sufficient amounts of food for its residents. n78 The CFP
also funds projects that create  [*329]  marketing activities to benefit both
agricultural producers and low-income consumers, as well as projects for
infrastructure improvement and development in order to meet local food and
agricultural needs. n79 Also, private non-profit organizations in collaboration
with local government are eligible to receive funding as well. n80 The type of
communities that the CFP grant program targets are the same communities likely
to have a significant urban agriculture practice - low-income communities with
weak infrastructures.

   1. Problems with Community Food Project (CFP)

 As CFP grants seem like an ideal loan for urban agriculture projects, it is
likely to be out of range for small-scale urban farmers in the beginning stages.
For instance, to be considered for a CFP grant, organizations must have
experience in either community food work, job training, or business development.
n81 A CFP grant also requires a dollar-for-dollar match of resources provided.
n82 Accordingly, young farmers are expected to secure their own sources of
funding as well. n83

   Furthermore, the CFP grant program receives $ 5 million a year in mandatory
funding. n84 This means that CFP grants may only fund non-profit organizations
in amounts anywhere from $ 10,000 to $ 300,000. n85 It would be impractical for
urban farmers to rely on such a competitive source for funds. Also,
entrepreneurs hoping to start an urban farm business usually require small
amounts of funding, much less than the minimum amount of a CFP grant. n86 While
the Agricultural Act of 2014 provided some modifications to the CFP grant
program, including increasing the mandatory funding to $ 9 million and a
two-year extension of the grant period, the changes will not take effect until
2015. n87 Consequently, many small-scale urban farmers are unlikely to meet the
demanding requirements of a CFP grant.

[*330]

   III. Detroit as a Case Study: Urban Farm Entrepreneurs Should Focus More on
Developing Plausible Business Plans Rather Than Focusing on Securing Capital

 After extensively researching different agricultural techniques, John Green
begins to calculate his potential expenses. John is planning to start a
mid-sized vegetable farm on a plot of land about a half-acre in size. He
anticipates his likely expenses to include: a rototiller, coolers, a seeder,
standard tools, harvesting bins, hoses, sales and marketing. n88 A rototiller is
a motorized plow used to cultivate the soil, costing roughly $ 4,500. n89 Two
produce coolers would cost around $ 4,000 and are necessary to store fresh
vegetables and prevent spoilage. n90 Standard tools and equipment would cost
around $ 1,000. n91 As for sales and marketing, John projects it will cost
approximately $ 500, which would likely include tables at a farmers market,
display baskets, a digital scale, among other items necessary to market and sell
products. n92 Accordingly, expenses total approximately $ 10,000, which is not a
trivial amount of money for someone with limited funds. If he were to apply for
a $ 10,000 FSA microloan and actually receive one, John wonders if he would be
able to pay back the loan within a year, let alone turn a profit. n93

   In recent years, Detroit has become the home of a growing network of urban
farms and gardens. n94 Urban agriculture is not a new concept to Detroit, as the
"community garden movement" in the United States originated in Detroit during
the depression of the 1890s. n95 The movement was the result of a relief program
established by then Detroit Mayor Hazen Pingree. Mayor Pingree's program donated
vacant land for community gardens in an effort to alleviate unemployment and
supplement the diets of Detroit residents. n96 Today, as Detroit faces
substantial socioeconomic issues, including bankruptcy, many champion the idea
of rehabilitating the  [*331]  city with urban agriculture. n97 Detroit has
become one of the most attractive destinations for many urban farm
entrepreneurs, largely due to the abundance of vacant land in the city. n98
Currently, there is almost fifty square miles of vacant land in Detroit, which
is the equivalent of a 30,000 acre farm. n99 There is a demand for
locally-produced food in Detroit communities; however, the struggle for food
entrepreneurs to secure capital is especially prevalent in Detroit, a problem
which has been further exacerbated by the city's bankruptcy. n100

   Despite increased spending by Congress aimed at expanding the practice of
organic and urban agriculture in America, it is still unclear whether urban
farms can survive as a business in the long run. n101 Part of the problem is
that the scarcity of capital has urban farm entrepreneurs focusing on money
causing them to overlook other pivotal steps to forming maintaining a business.
n102 Among the various business and financial-related obstacles preventing urban
farms from being successful businesses, there are two significant factors from
which many problems can be traced: (1) a lack of business experience and (2) a
lack of farming experience. While these two factors may seem broad in scope and
somewhat vague, it is still of paramount importance for any entrepreneur to
develop a plausible business strategy before starting a business, including one
centered around urban farming practices.

   A. Are FSA Microloans Reaching Urban Farmers?

 While statistics initially indicated a fairly successful start for the FSA
microloan program in its first year, they also show geographical, agricultural,
and demographical disparities. n103 For instance, a vast majority of states made
fewer than 100 microloans to farmers in their states. For example, Michigan made
less than 50 microloans in all of 2013. n104  [*332]  Furthermore, just six
states accounted for almost a third of all microloans issued in the entire
country: Mississippi, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, West Virginia, and North
Carolina. n105 While this may signal that some states are finding more success
reaching out to farmers or training their FSA loan agents, it also suggests
microloans are not reaching urban farmers.

   The six states that issued the most microloans all lie in the Appalachian and
Southern region of the country and have an average farm size of 180 acres. n106
Although 180 acres is much smaller than the national average of 418 acres, n107
urban farms are rarely ever that large. n108 Also, with the exception of
Nashville, there are no major cities with significant urban agriculture
practices located in those top six states. n109 Perhaps it may be imprudent to
jump to conclusions as to the results of the FSA microloan program in its first
year, yet these statistics do suggest that urban farmers may not be benefitting
from FSA microloans as expected, even when the program was specifically designed
for such farms. n110 One prominent Detroit food advocate running a food
enterprise incubator believes many urban farm entrepreneurs hear about the
scarcity of capital in Detroit and think they need to get their hands on money
rather than focusing more attention on what they would need the money for or how
they will pay it back. n111 Instead a more thorough preparation in business
structure can lead to more financing options, since "funding opportunities
depend on both legal structure and chronological stage." n112

   One loan agent from a Farm Service Agency branch in Michigan believes one of
the biggest problems with urban farm entrepreneurs in  [*333]  Detroit is
agricultural inexperience. n113 The loan agent claims that the lack of farming
knowledge and experience affects the urban farmer's business plan, no matter how
business savvy he may be. n114 When farmers lack the knowledge about what it
takes to grow crops, they are more likely to miscalculate expenditures and less
likely to foresee potential risks. n115 For these reasons, among others, this
Michigan loan agent has yet to offer one microloan to any borrower after a year
of the program's establishment. Additionally, the loan agent maintains that
another reason he has not approved any microloans is that he does not know how
to access clientele. n116 Although some have inquired about microloans, many
Detroit urban-farm entrepreneurs are either unaware or uneducated about the
FSA's microloan program. n117

   Moreover, for the few that have inquired about loans and other available
funding, many lack adequate farming knowledge to demonstrate a plausible
business plan to FSA loan agents. n118 "Most [urban farmers in Detroit] have
great ideas, but lack the knowledge to put them into work." n119 For instance,
the current conventional wisdom of beginning urban farmers and potential
borrowers in Detroit is that machinery is required to produce crops before there
are even crops in the ground. n120 This type of thinking can lead to financial
ruin for urban farmers, as there are many crops that can be produced without
machinery. n121 With the right piece of land, there are many different crops
that urban farmers can grow for the price of seed, fertilizer, and a simple
shovel. n122 Such problems are directly related to business knowledge and
farming experience. Because FSA loan agents only require minimal information and
experience from first-time microloan borrowers, and because loans must be repaid
within twelve months, many  [*334]  farmers may lack enough production in one
year to be able to pay back their debts. n123

   B. Analyzing How Capital Would be Appropriated for Urban Farm Start-Up
Expenses Using Examples

 Take John Green for example. n124 John's crops would receive little return
value because production costs are especially high during an urban farmer's
first year. Also, if machinery is involved in the operation, it serves as
security to the loan along with the crops. n125 This means that if John's crops
fail in the first year, for whatever reason, he must still liquidate the
machinery to pay back the loan, which would be devastating to his business. As a
result, John should focus on growing inexpensive crops that give volume return,
such as lettuce, tomatoes, bell peppers, garlic, or squash. n126 Even if John's
farm yields a successful harvest in the first year, the total cost of production
listed above does not include operating expenses for things such as seeds,
transportation, and farmers market fees. Depending on a number of factors
including sales goals and labor costs, operating expenses could come to an
additional $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 in costs per year. n127 Consequently, if a
microloan were granted for around $ 10,000, John Green's primary goal would be
to sell enough crops to pay back the loan, before any thought of expanding
operations. n128

   To better understand the financial difficulties involved with starting an
urban farm, it is also necessary to evaluate actual results. In one study
examining whether urban farmers in both commercial and non-profit settings
earned a living, around 66 percent reported that they did not earn a living.
n129 For instance, the owners of Lily City Gardens, a three-quarter acre urban
vegetable farm in San Francisco, considered their salary to be "embarrassing"
after a year of production. n130 In Lily City Gardens' first year of production
and sales, it marketed its produce to restaurants,  [*335]  caterers, and the
public out of a farm stand. n131 The owners reported that their revenue from
that year allowed them to cover costs, set aside money for the next year, and to
pay themselves a salary of $ 10,000. n132 They acknowledged that they could not
sustain such a small salary for too long, and that it was not even considered a
living wage in San Francisco. n133

   C. Agricultural Act of 2014 Addressing Issues of Educating Urban Farmers in
Agricultural and Business Practices

 Congress did in fact address the issue of educating urban farmers with business
and agricultural practices in the recently enacted Agricultural Act of 2014. One
of the most significant provisions in the new Farm Bill involves educating
recipients of FSA microloans through a new intermediary lending pilot program.
n134 As mentioned above, it is important to provide financial education and
counseling to first-time borrowers as many tend to have limited business
experience. n135 This provision of the new Farm Bill, which is modeled after the
successful Intermediary Relending Program & Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program, would allow the USDA and the FSA to work with intermediary lenders to
not only service microloans, but also to provide technical assistance to
borrowers and to assist in outreach and financial education to prospective
applicants. n136 In receiving such education, borrowers are likely to gain a
better understanding of how microloans operate and should be able to make more
competent business decisions as to how they appropriate their funds.

   The new Farm Bill also improves the way microloans are distributed. One
obstacle preventing FSA offices from making more microloans is the ability of
their already hard-pressed loan agents to service their existing loans, let
alone asking them to provide technical assistance and counseling to the
increasing number of first-time borrowers who would potentially be interested in
microloans. n137 As a result, a provision in the new Farm Bill gives the USDA
authority to partner with private, non-profit, and other public institutions in
order to utilize the expertise and assistance of institutions already engaged in
offering microloans, such as Non-Governmental Organizations, Community Financial
Institutions, and State Departments of Agriculture. n138 This provision should
streamline the  [*336]  microloan distribution process by providing FSA loan
agents with assistance to inform more prospective borrowers and supply better
service.

   On the other hand, some programs, which would have been beneficial to urban
farmers, were cut from the new Farm Bill. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Individual Development Account program was intended to assist beginner farmers
having only limited financial resources with obtaining sufficient capital for
their farm businesses. n139 The program was created in the last farm bill, but
never received enough funding. n140 The new Farm Bill also cut funding nearly in
half for the well-established Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged
Farmer and Ranchers program, also known as the Section 2501 program, which has
been operating since the 1990s. n141 This program has helped many
underprivileged farmers, including minority farmers whose participation in
federal farm programs has historically been lower than other groups, gain access
to federal programs. n142 The Section 2501 program has also been successful in
creating valuable partnerships between the USDA and community based
organizations that work with socially disadvantaged farmers to assist them in
obtaining credit, conservation, and development programs. n143 This program
might have proved useful for urban farms.

   D. Non-Profit Organizations Provide a More Business-Oriented Approach

 In addition to the federal government, there are many public, private, and
non-profit organizations that provide a variety of services for urban farmers.
Some non-profit organizations have even established their own lending programs
designed to fit the needs of urban farms. n144 A distinct feature in many of
these organizations is their tendency to provide valuable business and
educational assistance to urban farm entrepreneurs. n145 Urban famers should
take advantage of such organizations, like Fair Food  [*337]  Network and
Greening of Detroit, which are committed to assisting food and farm
entrepreneurs in their business needs. n146

   The Fair Food Network is a Michigan-based non-profit organization "dedicated
to building a more just and sustainable national food system." n147 Its work
largely focuses on assisting food and farm entrepreneurs by strengthening
funding strategies, expanding networks, and sharing knowledge. n148 Fair Food
Network has also launched its own microloan program that can be tailored to
small-scale urban farming operations. n149 Fair Food Network's microloan program
features more flexible and patient terms, including adjustable interest rates
and loan durations that can adjust in accordance with a business's fluctuations.
n150 In addition, the loans do not require a history of strong profits, although
borrowers do have to have a credible business plan. n151 Above all, the Fair
Food Network's ability to bring local food entrepreneurs together could be
especially beneficial. Fair Food Network often organizes gatherings where local
urban agriculture entrepreneurs meet with investors with an interest in
supporting local food-related programs. n152

   Greening of Detroit is a non-profit resource agency, which maintains a
slightly different approach from Fair Food Network. n153 Greening of Detroit
focuses more on providing agricultural and environmental education to urban
farmers, and often partners with corporations, foundations, federal, state and
local agencies, including the USDA. n154 It has collaborated with several
schools to create garden-based curricula and it hosts an adult apprenticeship
education program," which provides "hands-on training in farming, agricultural
education, and building community relationships." n155 Furthermore, Greening of
Detroit provides technical assistance to urban farmers "in season extension
tools and solar passive greenhouse construction," while also providing garden
resources, such as "soil testing, tilling, raised bed construction and water
catchment systems to gardens across the city." n156 Assistance with such
resources can be extremely  [*338]  valuable to many urban farm entrepreneurs
with minimal farming experience in order to operate more efficiently and avoid
costly mistakes.

   While focusing on business strategy and financial planning can help
entrepreneurs successfully start their urban farm operations, it is still
unclear whether urban farmers can make a living and maintain their businesses in
the future. In order to explore this question, it is necessary to start with a
broad approach that considers the various ends pursued through urban agriculture
rather than discussions based on narrow analyses of empirical data. The
underlying motivations of urban agriculture are developing local food systems,
strengthening food security, reducing food waste, promoting nutritional food,
and expanding the economic base of cities, especially in underprivileged
communities. n157 Accordingly, the ethical and moral nature of these goals
suggests that urban agriculture is about much more than merely turning a profit.

   IV. Benefit Corporations: Innovative Policy Changes Involving a New Benefit
Corporation Structure are being Proposed in Many State Legislatures that could
Greatly Benefit Urban Farming Businesses

 Regardless of the ethical and moral goals, urban farms still face the same
issues all farms do, including the cost of land and farm debt. n158 While
profit-driven commercial farms may deal with these general farm pressures in
terms of economics and cost-efficiency, urban farms may face difficulties
dealing with these same issues because of their unique aspirations. For this
reason, a traditional for-profit business structure for an enterprise that
focuses on social and environmental goals as opposed to commercial ones may not
be viable. But what if urban farms wish to maintain their for-profit activities
in addition to their social and environmental benefits?

   Fortunately, this debate has sparked innovative policy changes in state
legislatures across the country. These policies attempt to address the unique
needs of for-profit, mission-driven businesses. In terms of legal status and
business structure, the binary federal system divides all business entities into
for-profit or non-profit status. n159 A new legal business status called
"benefit corporations" would allow businesses to work as a hybrid of  [*339]  a
non-profit and for-profit entity. n160 Benefit corporation laws have already
been enacted in twenty states so far, and have been introduced to another
sixteen state legislatures. n161 Benefit-corporation status could be an ideal
scenario for urban farm businesses.

   Benefit-corporation laws would formalize a new for-profit legal structure in
which directors would have to take social and environmental considerations into
account. n162 This is a deviation from the traditional for-profit model, which
requires directors to act in the best interests of the shareholders solely by
maximizing their investments. n163 With benefit corporations, "business leaders
would be less beholden to the pursuit of maximum returns, and can more easily
bolster sustainability without being accused of breaching their fiduciary duty
to shareholders." n164 Since many urban farmers may wish to make a living while
maintaining social and environmental benefits, they should be able to "receive
investments based on outcomes beyond pure finances." n165 For this reason, a
benefit corporation business structure for urban farms could foster better
relationships with investors. n166

   A. Benefit Corporation Legislation Introduced in Michigan

 In Michigan, House Bill 4615 and 4616 were proposed in 2011, both of which
would allow benefit corporation status for businesses in Michigan. n167 The main
features of these bills imposed fiduciary obligations on many of the corporate
officers and board members, requiring them to consider the social benefits of
their actions. n168 Businesses would also be  [*340]  protected from shareholder
lawsuits accusing business leaders of breaching their fiduciary duty if
businesses focus on social benefits rather than maximizing profits. n169
Furthermore, new businesses with benefit corporation status would be required to
file basic information with the state, as normal corporations do, while
reporting annually on their social and environmental progress and impact. n170

   Michigan's proposed benefit-corporation bill would be similar to the benefit
corporation law already enacted by Vermont in 2011. n171 Like most, Vermont's
benefit corporation law thoroughly addresses the issue of transparency in
companies claiming that they are "green." n172 This is done through an annual
report, as benefit corporations in Vermont are legally obligated to operate in
accordance with independent, third party standards, observed by a third party
entity known as B Corp. n173 These "Benefit Reports" describe the corporation's
"public benefit goals," what actions were "taken during the year to meet those
goals," and assessment of "social and environmental performance." n174 The
Benefit Report is prepared in accordance with the third party standards, which
gives shareholders the authority to approve or reject the report. n175

   B. Forming a Benefit Corporation in Vermont

 Forming a Vermont Benefit Corporation is similar to forming a traditional
for-profit corporation. First, Articles of Incorporation are drafted and filed
with the Secretary of State. n176 Then, just as traditional corporations are
required, incorporators of a benefit corporation "must decide whether the
business will be a closed or general corporation and further decide the
company's tax status." n177 These incorporators must also designate the fiscal
year, the number, and class of shares, and establish a Board of Directors. n178
Also, under the law, an existing business corporation may be changed to a
benefit corporation through amending its  [*341]  existing Articles of
Incorporation to add the statement: "this corporation is a benefit corporation."
n179 Furthermore, this law allows businesses to merge with an existing benefit
corporation. n180

   One of the most significant differences between a traditional for-profit
business and Vermont benefit corporations is their treatment of "corporate
purpose." n181 Under Vermont law, the purpose of a traditional corporation,
unless limited by its Articles of Incorporation, is to engage in any "lawful
business unless a more limited purpose is set forth in the articles of
incorporation." n182 In addition to these purposes, business corporations also
"have the purpose of creating general public benefit," which may also serve as a
limitation on other purposes of the corporation. n183 In Vermont, there are two
kinds of corporate purposes particular to business corporations: general public
benefit or specific public benefit. n184 Section 21.03(a)(4) defines a general
public benefit as "a material positive impact on society and the environment, as
measured by a third-party standard, through activities that promote some
combination of specific public benefits." n185 In other words, the purpose of a
benefit corporation is to engage in certain activities with the overall
objective of promoting greater social or environmental goals. n186 On the other
hand, § 21.03(a)(6) states that a specific public benefit includes:



   (A) providing low income or underserved individuals or communities with
beneficial products or services; (B) promoting individual or community economic
opportunities for individuals or communities beyond the creation of jobs in the
normal course of business; (C) preserving or improving the environment;
improving human health; (D) improving human health; (E) promoting the arts or
sciences or the advancement of knowledge; (F) increasing capital flow to other
public benefit entities with a public benefit purpose; and (G) the
accomplishment of any other identifiable benefit for society or the environment.
n187

 If an urban farm business could form under benefit-corporation status, its
goals would largely further specific public benefits. For instance, urban
[*342]  agriculture could improve human health by providing healthier foods,
improve the environment through the use of sustainable methods of farming, and
promote community economic opportunities through production of commodities. n188

   C. Concerns with Benefit Corporation Laws

 While benefit-corporation laws may be clever and innovative policy proposals
for a long-needed alternative legal status for businesses, there are still many
concerns with the idea. These concerns have caused benefit-corporation bills to
stall in many state legislatures, including Michigan. n189 For instance,
dissenters of the bill in Michigan fear that this new class of business status
may be used as a marketing tool to make other for-profit businesses look greedy.
n190 There are also concerns that other businesses will seek to model themselves
as a benefit corporation for reputational purposes when it may not be suited for
their type of business. n191

   Other concerns are founded on the third party certification organization
called "B Corp," whose purpose is to audit how socially or environmentally
beneficial a company's business practices are. n192 Some dissenters see this as
a conflict of interest. n193 The B Corp charges benefit corporations anywhere
from $ 500 to $ 25,000 for certification, depending on the business' annual
sales. n194 Such concerns have yet to appear in states with benefit corporation
laws, such as Vermont, however these laws are still new, and it is unclear
whether they could emerge in the future.

   V. Conclusion

 Prosperity is just around the corner for urban agriculture. While the idea of
self-sufficient "green cities" with plush gardens and sustainable farms filling
empty plots of land seem picturesque, it is also an ambitious endeavor. The
countless benefits of urban agriculture are well documented, from providing
healthier food choices to communities to supporting the local economies of
distressed cities. n195 However, as urban  [*343]  farmers work toward
environmental and social goals in addition to making a living, they must find a
way to fulfill these aspirations while maintaining stability in a market
economy. As John Green and other examples indicate, scarcity of capital has been
one of the most significant obstacles to financial feasibility. Urban farmers
are realizing that they can no longer rely on volunteer labor, grant funding,
and credit cards to sustain their businesses. Fortunately, Congress, state
legislatures, and many other food-related organizations are beginning to address
this concern. For this reason, urban farmers must take advantage of the many new
and innovative programs that provide access to new sources of capital, and
better education in agriculture and business practices.

   All signs are pointing towards a bright future for urban agriculture.
Congress is beginning to realize the importance of urban farming and sustainable
agriculture for our future, as demonstrated by their recent shifts in
agricultural policy. Also, more and more resources are made available for urban
farmers every day, whether they are from organizations like Fair Food Network,
or Greening Detroit. Valiant urban farm entrepreneurs are demonstrating that
with more focus on business structure and strategy, urban agriculture's vision
may not be so far off in the distance.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawDepository InstitutionsCommercial BanksReal Property
LawFinancingSecondary FinancingLien PrioritiesTax LawState & Local TaxesSales
TaxGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Urban Agriculture, Feasibility Study for Youngstown, OH, Opportunities for
Healthy Food Production, Local Jobs, and Ecological Restoration, Global Green 1
(June, 2012), available at
http://globalgreen.org/blogs/global/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Youngstown-Urban-
Ag-Report-6.012- 4.pdf [hereinafter Youngstown].





n2.  See Tom Philpott, Urban Farms Don't Make Money - So What?, Grist (June 4,
2010), available at
http://grist.org/article/2010-06-03-on-the-promise-and-limits-of-urban-farms/.





n3.  Id.





n4.  Id.





n5.  Id. (quoting Sena Christian, A Growing Concern: Urban Farms Are Sprouting
up Across the United States. Can They Translate Popularity into Profitability?,
Earthisland.org (Summer 2010), available at
http://www.earthisland.org/journal/index.php/eij/article/a _growing_concern/.





n6.  Elise Hunter, Where is the Funding in Detroit's Farm-to-Fork Movement?,
Huffington Post (July, 23, 2013, 4:58 PM), available at
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/student-reporter/where-is-the-funding-in-
d_1_b_3639850.html.





n7.  See Melanie J. Duda, Growing in the D: Revising Current Laws to Promote a
Model of Sustainable City Agriculture, 89 U. Det. Mercy L. Rev. 181, 184 (2012)
(citing Kathryn A. Peters, Creating a Sustainable Urban Agriculture Revolution,
25 J. Envtl. & Litig. 203, 236 (2010); Olga Bonfiglio, Growing Green in Detroit,
Christian Sci. Monitor (Aug. 21, 2008), available at
http://www.csmonitor.com/The-Culture/Gardening/2008/0821/growing-green-in-
detroit).





n8.  Matthew V. Bradshaw, The Rise of Urban Agriculture: A Cautionary Tale - No
Rules, Big Problems, 4 Wm. & Mary Bus. L. Rev. 241, 254 (2013) (citing Katherine
Hessler & Tanith Balaban, Agriculture Animals and the Law, GPSolo, July/Aug.
2009, at 59).





n9.  Id. at 254 (citing USDA, Farmers Markets and Local Food Marketing,
Agricultural Marketing Service, http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/FARMERSMARKETS
(last updated Dec. 31, 2012)).





n10.  Jeffrey P. LeJava & Michael J. Goonan, Zoning and Land Use Planning, 41
Real Est. L.J. 216, 217 (2012) (citing USDA, Farms and Community,
http://www.afsic.nal.usda.gov/farms-and-community/urban-agriculture (last
updated Oct. 2, 2014)).





n11.  See U.S. Census Bureau, 2010 Census Urban and Rural Classification and
Urban Area Criteria, U.S. Dep't of Commerce,
http://www.census.gov/geo/reference/ua/urban-rural-2010.html (last visited Feb.
19, 2014) (follow "Urban, Urbanized Area, Urban Cluster, and Rural Population,
2010 and 2000: United States" hyperlink) (data from 2010 census).





n12.  See Cesar L. Escalante, Myra Clarisse R. Ferrer & Bingbing Wang, USDA
Microloans and Small Organic Farms: Filling a Lending Niche, 28 Choices no. 1,
2013, at 1, available at http://www.choicesmagazine.org/magazine/pdf/cmsarticle
_290.pdf.





n13.  See, e.g., How to Feed a City on Urban Organic Agriculture, Food Matters
(Nov. 23, 2010), available at
http://www.foodmatters.tv/articles-1/how-to-feed-a-city-on-urban-organic-agricul
ture (discussing how principles of organic farming play a pivotal role in
start-up and functioning of urban agriculture in Cuba).





n14.  Organic Trade Ass'n, U.S. Organic Industry Overview, OTA.com (2011),
available at www.ota.com/pics/documents/2011OrganicIndustrySurvey.pd f; Barbara
Haumann, Seventy-eight Percent of U.S. Families Say They Purchase Organic Foods,
Organic Newsroom (Nov. 2, 2011),
http://www.organicnewsroom.com/2011/11/seventyeight_p ercent_of_us_fam.html.





n15.  Escalante et al., supra 12, at 2.





n16.  Id. at 1.





n17.  Id. at 2.





n18.  Id. at 1-2.





n19.  Id. at 2.





n20.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n21.  See id; see also, Lisa Ganguzza, Can Urban Farmers Make a Living?, Edible
Manhattan (Nov. 25, 2013),
http://www.ediblemanhattan.com/foodshed-2/producers/farms-foodshed/can-urban-far
mers-make-living/.





n22.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n23.  See id.





n24.  Escalante et al., supra note 12, at 2-3.





n25.  Id. at 2 (referencing Susan Cocciarelli, Dorothy Suput, & Ray Boshara,
Financing Farming in the U.S.: Opportunities to Improve the Financial and
Business Environment for Small and Midsized Farms Through Strategic Financing,
The W.K. Kellogg Foundation Food and Community Program (Jul. 2010), available at
http://solari.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/final_july_2010_
220883625-1-1-3.pdf.





n26.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n27.  Id.





n28.  Id.





n29.  Id.





n30.  Id.





n31.  See generally USDA, Your Guide to FSA Farm Loans, Farm Service Agency
(June, 2012), available at http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/fsa&us
core;br_01_web_booklet.pdf.





n32.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n33.  Id.





n34.  See generally USDA, Fact Sheet: Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers,
Farm Service Agency (Oct. 2013) available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/beginn ingloansoct13.pdf [hereinafter
Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers].





n35.  Id.





n36.  Id.





n37.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n38.  Id.





n39.  USDA, Fact Sheet: Microloans, Farm Service Agency (August, 2013),
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/newsReleases?area=newsroom&
subject=landing&topic=pfs&newstype=prfactsheet&type=
detail&item=pf_20130820_farln_en _microln.html [hereinafter Microloans].





n40.  See generally H.R. 6083, 112th Cong. (2d Sess. 2012).





n41.  Escalante et al., supra note 12, at 1.





n42.  Id. (citing James C. Brau & Gary M. Woller, Mircofinance: A Comprehensive
Review of the Existing Literature, 9 J. Entrepreneurial Fin. & Bus. Ventures 1,
2 (2004)).





n43.  See id.





n44.  Id. (citing Jonathan Murdoch, The Microfinance Schism, 28 World Dev., 617,
620 (2000)).





n45.  Id. (citing Barbara Kiviat, Can Microfinance Make it in America?, Time.com
(Jan. 11, 2010), available at
http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,91717,19509 49,00.html); see also
Microloans, supra note 39.





n46.  Microloans, supra note 39.





n47.  Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, supra note 34.





n48.  Microloans, supra note 39.





n49.  Microloans Now Available for Young and Beginning Farmers, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Jan. 17, 2013), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/usda-microloan-program/.





n50.  Id.





n51.  Id.





n52.  Sophie Ackoff, NYFC Applauds Farm Service Agency's New Microloan Program,
National Young Farmers Coalition (Jan. 17, 2013), available at
http://www.youngfarmers.org/credit/farm-service-agency/.





n53.  Id.





n54.  Id.





n55.  Id.





n56.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Nov. 25, 2013), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/microloan-fy13-data-analysis/
[hereinafter Reaching Farmers].





n57.  Id.





n58.  Id.





n59.  Id.





n60.  Id.





n61.  See generally Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, 128 Stat. 649
(2014).





n62.  What is in the 2014 Farm Bill For Sustainable Farms and Food Systems?,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Jan. 31, 2014), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-farm-bill-outcomes/ [hereinafter
2014 Farm Bill For Sustainable].





n63.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Feb. 5, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-drilldown-bfr-sda/.





n64.  Id.





n65.  S. Rep. No. 110-220, at 12 (2007).





n66.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64 (This term limit exemption also applies when microloans are made
to veteran farmers.).





n67.  See id.





n68.  Id.





n69.  Id.





n70.  USDA, supra note 39.





n71.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n72.  See id.





n73.  See Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition,
http://sustainableagriculture.net/publications/grassroot
sguide/local-food-systems-rural-development/community-food-project-grants/ (last
visited Feb. 5, 2014).





n74.  Philpott, supra note 2 (citing Christian, supra note 5).





n75.  See Guide to USDA Funding for Local and Regional Food Systems, National
Sustainable Agriculture Coalition 1, 6 (April 2010), available at
http://foodshedguide.org/uploads/NSAC_FoodSystem
sFundingGuide_FirstEdition_4_2010.pdf.





n76.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n77.  See Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program, supra note 74.





n78.  See id.





n79.  Id.





n80.  Id.





n81.  Id.





n82.  Id.





n83.  See id.





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n87.  Community Food Projects Grant Program Funding Available for FY 2014,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (March 3, 2014), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/cfp-2014-funding-available/.





n88.  An Overview of Urban Farming, Green For All 1, 4 (2009), available at
http://greenforall.org/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Urban-Farming-Overvi
ew-For- Web.pdf.





n89.  Id.





n90.  Id.





n91.  Id.





n92.  Id.





n93.  See supra note 125.





n94.  Duda, supra note 7, at 184 (citing Bonfiglio, supra note 7).





n95.  Nina Ignaczak, No Stranger to Urban Agriculture, Detroit Makes it Official
with New Zoning Ordinance, Seedstock (April 9, 2013), available at
http://seedstock.com/2013/04/09/no-stranger-to-urban-agriculture-detroit-makes-i
t-official-with-new-zoning- ordinance/.





n96.  Id.





n97.  See Jane C. Timm, Urban Farming Takes hold in Blighted Motor City,
MSNBC.com (Sept. 10, 2013, 12:01 AM), available at
http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/urban-farming-takes-hold-blighted-motor.





n98.  See John E. Mogk et al., Promoting Urban Agriculture As an Alternative
Land Use for Vacant Properties in the City of Detroit: Benefits, Problems and
Proposals for a Regulatory Framework for Successful Land Use Integration, 56
Wayne L. Rev. 1521, 1523 (2010) (citing John Gallagher, Detroit's fight against
vacant land gets tougher, Detroit Free Press, Sept. 29, 2009 at A1); see also
Suzette Hackney, State of the City to highlight demolition plans, Detroit Free
Press, Mar. 21, 2010 at A7.





n99.  Id. at 1529.





n100.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n101.  What is in the 2014 Farm Bill for Sustainable Farms and Food Systems?,
supra note 63.





n102.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n103.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra note 57.





n104.  Id.





n105.  Id.





n106.  Id.





n107.  Id.





n108.  See, e.g., Mindy Goldstein et al., Urban Agriculture: A Sixteen City
Survey of Urban Agriculture Practices Across the Country, Georgia Organics
(2011), available at
http://georgiaorganics.org/wp-content/themes/GeorgiaOrganics/Downloads/SiteMoveO
ver/urbana greport.pdf (This survey provides a detailed report on the zoning
ordinances of 16 major U.S. cities with significant urban agriculture practices
and how they have incorporated urban agriculture into their land use plans. The
cities included in the survey are Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago,
Cleveland, Denver, Detroit, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, Nashville, New York,
Philadelphia, Portland, San Francisco, Seattle, and Washington D.C.);
Youngstown, supra note 1.





n109.  Compare Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra
note 57, with Goldstein, supra note 110, at 34-36.





n110.  See generally Microloans, supra note 39.





n111.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n112.  Id.





n113.  Interview with Michael Jordan, Loan Agent, Farm Service Agency (Feb. 19,
2014) (discussing the issues with urban farm entrepreneurs applying FSA
microloans in Detroit).





n114.  Id.





n115.  Id.





n116.  Id.





n117.  Id.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Id.





n120.  Id.





n121.  See David F. Ashton, Urban farmer rides bike, not tractor, East PDX News,
http://eastpdxnews.com/general-news-features/urban-farmer-rides-bike-not-tractor
/ (last visited March 4, 2014).





n122.  Interview with Michael Jordan, supra note 115 (This was one of the
examples used by the Michigan loan agent to explain why few microloans have been
made to urban farmers in Detroit. The loan agent pointed out that a majority of
urban farmers in Detroit inquiring about microloans believed they required
machinery for crops that could be produced by traditional farming techniques for
the price of a shovel, seed, fertilizer, and able bodies.).





n123.  See id.; Microloans, supra note 39.





n124.  See supra text accompanying notes 90-95.





n125.  Interview with Michael Jordan, supra note 115.





n126.  Greg Seaman, Top 6 Most Cost-effective Vegetables to Grow, eartheasy
(Jan. 19, 2011), available at
http://eartheasy.com/blog/2011/01/top-6-most-cost-effective-vegetables-to-grow/.





n127.  An Overview of Urban Farming, supra note 90, at 4.





n128.  See Jeff Caldwell, Amendment Targets Loans for Young Farmers,
Agriculture.com (May 31, 2013, 11:46 AM), available at
http://www.agriculture.com/news/policy/amendment-targets-los-f-young-farmers_4-a
r31798; Agriculture Reform, Food, and Jobs Act of 2013, Microloan Authorization
Senate Amendment 986, 113th Congress.





n129.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n130.  Eli Zigas, Making a Living as an Urban Farmer, Spur (Feb. 22, 2012),
available at http://www.spur.org/blog/2012-02-22/making-living-urban-farmer.





n131.  Id.





n132.  Id.





n133.  Id.





n134.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64.





n135.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n136.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra note 57.





n137.  Id.





n138.  Id.





n139.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64.





n140.  Id.





n141.  Id.





n142.  Id.





n143.  Id.





n144.  See, e.g., What We Do, Fair Food Network,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/what-we-do (last visited Jan. 2, 2015); Who We
Are, Greening of Detroit, http://greeningofdetroit.com/who-we-are/ (last visited
Jan. 2, 2015).





n145.  See, e.g., Financing + Business Assistance, Fair Food Network,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/fairfoodfund/financing-business-assistance (last
visited Oct. 10, 2014) (offering "boot camps" and business consulting to food
entrepreneurs); Urban Agriculture, Greening of Detroit,
http://greeningofdetroit.com/what-we-do/urban-agriculture/ (last visited Oct.
10, 2014) (offering technical assistance and an adult apprenticeship education
program in farming and agriculture).





n146.  See What We Do, supra note 146; Urban Agriculture, supra note 146.





n147.  What We Do, supra note 146.





n148.  Id.





n149.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n150.  Id.; What We Do, supra note 146.





n151.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n152.  See, e.g., Community Food Leaders Convening, Building Capacity for Future
Leadership, Greening of Detroit,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/what-we-do/projects/community-food-leaders-conven
ing (last visited Jan. 1, 2015).





n153.  Who We Are, supra note 146.





n154.  Id.





n155.  Id.





n156.  Urban Agriculture, supra note 146.





n157.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n158.  See id. (citing Carolyn Dimitri, Assoc. Professor of Food Studies, New
York Univ., New York Univ. Library Salon on Urban Agriculture: Sowing Seeds,
Sowing Money (November 21, 2013)).





n159.  See William H. Clark Jr. et al., The Need and Rationale for the Benefit
Corporation: Why it is the Legal Form that Best Addresses the Needs of Social
Entrepreneurs, Investors, and Ultimately, the Public, Benefitcorp.net (Nov. 16,
2011), available at http://benefitcorp.net/storage/Benefit_Corp_
vs_Traditional_Corporations.pdf.





n160.  See B Lab, Maryland First State in Union to Pass Benefit Corporation
Legislation, Press Release, CRSwire (Apr. 14, 2010, 10:57 AM), available at
http://www.csrwire.com/press_releases/29332-Maryland-First-State-in-Union-to-Pas
s-Benefit-Corporation- Legislation (describing that in 2010, "Maryland Governor
Martin O'Malley signed into law the nation's first legislation creating Benefit
Corporations, a new class of corporations required to create benefit for society
as well as shareholders."); see also Hunter, supra note 6 (discussing some of
the "for-profit" and "non-profit" aspects of a proposed Michigan benefit
corporation law).





n161.  See State by State Legislative Status, Benefit Corporation,
http://benefitcorp.net/state-by-state-legislative-status (last visited Oct. 15,
2014) (providing that the current status of benefit corporation legislation in
every state).





n162.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n163.  See, e.g., Dodge v. Ford Motor Co., 170 N.W. 668, 684 (Mich. 1919)
(articulating notion that the purpose of a business corporation is creating
financial gain for its shareholders); Clark Jr. et al., supra note 160.





n164.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n165.  Id.





n166.  See id.





n167.  H.R. 4615, 96th Leg., Reg. Sess. (Mich. 2011); H.R. 4616, 96th Leg., Reg.
Sess. (Mich. 2011).





n168.  H.R. 4616 (Mich. 2011).





n169.  Id.





n170.  Id.





n171.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A,§§21.01-14 (West 2012).





n172.  Robert Brazil, Vermont's Newest Business Entity: The "B Corporation,"
Vtlegalhelp.com (August 19, 2011), available at
http://vtlegalhelp.com/vermont%E2%80%99s-newest-business-entity-the-%E2%80%9Cb-
corporation%E2%80%9D/.





n173.  See id.





n174.  Id.





n175.  Id.





n176.  Vermont Benefit Corporation How-To-Guide: Incorporating as a Benefit
Corporation Step-by-Step, B-Lab (Oct. 2013), available at
http://benefitcorp.net/storage/documents/Vermont_Benefit_Corp_
How-To_Guide_.pdf.





n177.  Brazil, supra note 173.





n178.  Id.





n179.  Id.; Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.03(a)(1) (West 2012) (defining
"benefit corporation" as "a corporation ... whose articles of incorporation
include the statement "This corporation is a benefit corporation'").





n180.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, at § 21.06.





n181.  Brazil, supra, note 173.





n182.  Id.; Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 3.01(a).





n183.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.08.





n184.  See id.





n185.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.03(a)(4) (West 2012). <Comment Text>





n186.  1. Brazil, supra note 173.





n187.  Id. at § 21.03(a)(6).





n188.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n189.  Melissa Ip, Why the Benefit Corporation Bill is Being Held Back, Social
Enterprise Buzz (June 6, 2012), available at
http://www.socialenterprisebuzz.com/2012/06/06/why-the-benefit-corporation-bill-
is-being-held-back/.





n190.  Id.





n191.  Id.





n192.  Id.





n193.  Id.





n194.  Id.





n195.  See, e.g., Sheila Golden, Urban Agriculture Impacts Literature Review,
Agricultural Sustainability Institute at UC Davis (November 13, 2013), available
at http://asi.ucdavis.edu/resources/publications/UA%20Lit%
20Review%20Golden%20Reduced%2011-15.pdf (compiling sources, author states that
"urban agriculture has been a successful strategy for improving food access in
secure areas"); Youngstown, supra note 1, at 14 (explaining the economic
benefits of the Growing Home Urban Farm in Chicago, Illinois. The farm sells
crops at local farmers' markets and restaurants, employs 48 people, and has a
budget of over $ 1.1 million).


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 2006 Boston College Law School
                Boston College Environmental Affairs Law Review

                                      2006

                        33 B.C. Envtl. Aff. L. Rev. 449

LENGTH: 19347 words

NOTE: DEVELOPMENT AID IN AN ENVIRONMENTAL CONTEXT: USING MICROFINANCE TO PROMOTE
EQUITABLE AND SUSTAINABLE WATER USE IN THE NILE BASIN

NAME: SHREEVANI SUVARNA *

BIO:



   * Managing Editor, BOSTON COLLEGE ENVIRONMENTAL AFFAIRS LAW REVIEW, 2005-06.
The author dedicates this article in loving memory of her father, who first
opened her eyes to water resource management. The author extends appreciation to
family, friends, and teachers for their unending encouragement.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Abstract: Water resource management plays a critical role in everything
from the viability of individual communities to regional political stability.
...  This Note argues that microcredit, when used in conjunction with existing
strategies in international environmental law and policy, can make significant
contributions to water resource management in the developing world. ... To
achieve truly equitable and sustainable uses of the Nile's water--an essential
component to achieving transboundary cooperation--the international community
must recognize that dramatic disparities and inequities exist regarding access
to water rights within each riparian state, and that "water is critical for
sustainable development, including environmental integrity and the eradication
of poverty and hunger, and is indispensable for human health and well being."
... Supplementing NBI's microgrant program with a microloan program is an
important step in mitigating the effects of water scarcity in the Nile Basin and
in other parts of the developing world. ... This section argues, however, that
widespread implementation of water resource-oriented microcredit programs
throughout the Nile Basin can alleviate both the sources and symptoms of water
scarcity, while also mitigating the impact of domestic tensions and inequities
that can be a barrier to fully realized international cooperation. ...

HIGHLIGHT: Abstract: Water resource management plays a critical role in
everything from the viability of individual communities to regional political
stability. Nowhere is this more apparent than in the Nile Basin. The Nile Basin
Initiative (NBI) is a recent effort to overcome historical clashes over use of
the Nile's waters in order to achieve a basin-wide framework for transboundary
cooperation. One element of NBI focuses on community-level action in furtherance
of transboundary cooperation, and includes a microgrant program to help achieve
its goals. Significantly, however, NBI does not include a microcredit program.
This Note argues that, in light of the deep connections between inadequate water
resources and the marginalization of women and the poor, NBI should supplement
its microgrant program with microcredit programs to further its goals. More
broadly, this Note advocates for the use of microcredit programs--which are
generally implemented only in the development aid arena--in an environmental
context.

TEXT:
 [*449]  INTRODUCTION +



   + The above logo is for the United Nations International Year of Microcredit
(2005). It signifies projects that further the goals of the program--increasing
awareness of and innovative uses for microcredit.

   Thirty years ago, Egypt, a lower riparian of the Nile, yet a dominant
regional power, issued military threats against its upstream neighbors  [*450]
to prevent them from interfering with the Nile's flow.  n1 Egyptian President
Anwar Sadat stated in 1970 that "'tampering with the rights of a nation to water
is tampering with its life; and a decision to go to war on this score is
indisputable in the international community.'"  n2 In 1988, Boutros
Boutros-Ghali, Egypt's Minister of State Foreign Affairs, stated that the Nile
would cause the next war in the Middle East.  n3 Tension over water rights
continued into the Gulf War in 1991, when media reports suggested that Sudan was
aiming missiles at the Aswan High Dam in Egypt.  n4 Although a "water war" has
not yet occurred, it is essential for future social and political stability in
this region that the Nile's ten riparian states--Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi,
Tanzania, Zaire, Kenya, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Sudan, and Egypt--achieve a
cooperative scheme for use of the Nile's water.  n5 Leaders of these states have
indicated a greater willingness to cooperate with regard to water rights to the
Nile.  n6

   The Nile Basin Initiative (NBI), launched in 1999, provides a comprehensive
plan for transboundary cooperation over the Nile River.  n7 The plan uses a
"'transitional arrangement'" to foster information sharing and technical
assistance as well as joint development initiatives until a "'permanent legal
framework'" is in place.  n8 Significantly, the plan incorporates basin-,
subbasin-, and community-level approaches to promoting transboundary
cooperation, and recognizes the connection between economic and environmental
issues.  n9 For example,  [*451]  the community-level projects in NBI include a
small-grant program.  n10 These grants, known as microgrants, are intended to be
awarded to local communities to "support community-driven interventions to
address transboundary environmental threats on a local scale."  n11 Distinct
from microgrants are microloans--small, unsecured loans often given on an
individual basis and a tool generally seen as part of development aid  n12-
-which are not an element of NBI. This Note argues that microcredit, when used
in conjunction with existing strategies in international environmental law and
policy, can make significant contributions to water resource management in the
developing world.

   Part I explores the geographical, historical, and hydropolitical settings for
conflict in the Nile Basin. The historical failure of largescale cooperation
over water resource management in the Nile Basin, combined with local and
regional power struggles, have contributed to problems of water scarcity and
water-related inequities. Part II examines the cooperative framework created by
NBI and details its funding structure. Part III describes problems arising from
state control over water management practices. Part III emphasizes the value of
a human rights approach to environmental resource management, and considers the
implications of addressing a human right to water. By accepting the viability of
a human rights approach to water resource management, one can begin to import
development aid tools, such as microgrants, into environmental resource
management. Part IV provides a closer look at funding structures available
through the World Bank and other international organizations. Part V presents
ways in which microcredit may be used in the context of water resource
management. Although microcredit is typically viewed as development aid for
purposes of stimulating a local economy or reducing poverty, microcredit
programs can be implemented for broader policy objectives. This Note concludes
that, in light of the strong correlation between poverty and environmental
resources, microcredit can further the goals of international environmental
projects in the developing world in general, and in the Nile Basin in
particular.

    [*452]  I. THE NILE RIVER AND HYDROPOLITICS IN THE DEVELOPING WORLD

   A. The Nile River

   The Nile River is the world's longest river and the lifeblood of Eastern
Africa, providing sustenance and power for hundreds of thousands of people in
this politically volatile region.  n13 The Nile has the largest number of
riparian states in the developing world, and flows through some of the youngest
sovereign states in the developing world.  n14

   Africa's colonial legacy left the continent with national borders that follow
neither natural nor social divides.  n15 The flow of the Nile's water through
areas of political instability and power asymmetry further compounds the
challenges to transboundary cooperation.  n16 Despite the vastness of the Nile
Basin--stretching from Lake Victoria in south-central Africa to the
Mediterranean Sea  n17--and the ever increasing need for irrigation in this
region, use of the Nile's resources is far from evenly distributed among the
riparian states.  n18 For example, Ethiopia generates at least eighty percent of
the Nile's water, while Egypt, the greatest consumer of the river's resources,
contributes no water to the Nile.  n19

    [*453]  The Nile Basin has a history of recorded agricultural settlement
reaching back at least six thousand years.  n20 The centrality of the Nile Basin
to Africa's agriculture and development is evident in longstanding efforts to
harness and control the Nile's waters  n21 to serve the needs of over 250
million people.  n22 However, frequent droughts, and uneven or unpredictable
rainfall, makes the flow of the Nile's water inconsistent: twenty percent of the
Nile's total discharge is spread out over nine months, while the remaining
eighty percent occurs during August, September, and October.  n23

   These geographic features contribute to the incentive for each riparian state
to increase its access to and control of the Nile's water.  n24 This desire for
dominance over the Nile's water is evident, for example, in Egypt's construction
of the Aswan High Dam.  n25 While the Aswan High Dam has provided some benefits
to Egypt, its impact on the Basin as a whole has not been universally positive,
as it "'has kept the river from flooding and depositing renewing sediment ...
The delta has instead been inundated with catastrophic superlatives: It is among
the world's most densely cultivated lands, with one of the world's highest uses
of fertilizers and highest levels of soil salinity.'"  n26 As agriculture,
development, and population in Africa grow, demand for the Nile's water far
exceeds available resources for all of the riparian states, rendering historical
forms of noncooperative, unstable, and inequitable water uses unsustainable.
n27

    [*454]  B. History of the Use of and Conflict over the Nile's Water

   Despite the importance of the Nile Basin to its riparian states, cooperation
among these states has been a historical challenge.  n28 Not only did Africa's
colonial legacy impose unnatural state borders along the Nile's anfractuous
path, it also set the stage for the Nile to be a flashpoint for conflict in the
post-colonial period.  n29

   In the colonial period, Great Britain effectively controlled the entire Nile
through its military dominance in Africa and its political control of Egypt,
Sudan, and the three upper riparian states on the White Nile.  n30 Colonial-era
treaties ensured that no projects could be built in the Nile Basin, and that no
upstream Nile water could be withdrawn without Egyptian and British consent.
n31 Control over the Nile was an essential part of British colonial strategy.
n32 This control was also the key to Egypt's own viability, because Egypt,
despite its military power, is vulnerable due to its heavy reliance on the Nile
for water and position as a lower riparian.  n33

   Colonial-era tensions carried over into the post-colonial period, creating a
regime in the Nile Basin that was, until recently, properly characterized as one
of open conflict.  n34 Remnants of colonial-era agreements compound the problems
presented by already existing asymmetries in information, gaps in science and
uncertainty about technical matters, ineffective means of enforcement, claims of
sovereignty and superior rights, domestic and international conflicts in
interest, and the upstream-downstream dynamic.  n35 The process of determining
[*455]  the rights of the riparian states to use the Nile's water has therefore
been quite contentious.  n36

   II. THE NILE BASIN INITIATIVE AS A FRAMEWORK FOR COOPERATION AMONG BASIN
STATES

   A. Origins of the Nile Basin Initiative

   In 1999, all of the Nile Basin riparians, except for Eritrea, signed NBI, the
first basin-wide agreement regarding the Nile River.  n37 NBI's goal is "to
achieve sustainable socio-economic development through the equitable utilization
of, and benefit from, the common Nile Basin resources."  n38 NBI resulted from
efforts, ongoing since the early 1990s, to promote greater regional cooperation
and information sharing.  n39 Earlier efforts to develop a basin-wide agreement
for the use of the Nile's water include the Hydromet Project in the late 1960s
n40 and the Technical Committee for the Promotion of the Development and
Environmental Protection of the Nile Basin (TECCONILE) in the early 1990s.  n41

   For many years, the Nile riparian states have been caught in a vicious cycle
in which "much-needed regional cooperation and economic development will not
materialize without political stability in the basin, and political stability
will remain elusive without regional cooperation and equitable economic
development."  n42 Contemporary attitudes toward equitable water allocation and
transboundary cooperation in the Nile Basin, as reflected by the beginning of
NBI, give hope that the Nile riparian states can instead enter a different
cycle, in which a "broader integration of regional development in turn
strengthens the relationships between the countries sharing international
rivers, which further  [*456]  reinforces cooperation."  n43 Designed to be a
transitional arrangement moving from planning to action, NBI focuses on
fostering dialogue, information exchange, and technology assistance as well as
creating joint development initiatives in furtherance of transboundary goals.
n44 The benefits of regional cooperation under NBI involve not only enhanced
environmental sustainability and increased economic productivity in areas such
as food and energy production, but also extend to coordinated development and
integration.  n45

   NBI is not a panacea; it can easily be criticized for not going far enough to
achieve its goals in the Nile Basin.  n46 Moreover, some have criticized NBI as
embodying a strategy in which consensus of all of the riparian states is
obtained early on by dealing only with less difficult issues and delaying
controversial issues.  n47 Much remains to be seen with respect to NBI's impact
and long-term success.  n48 At the very least, efforts to achieve consensus
through NBI mark a historic moment of willingness to cooperate on a basin-wide
scale.  n49

   B. Organization of the Nile Basin Initiative

   One of NBI's primary functions is implementation of the Strategic Action
Program, which consists of two subprograms: the Shared Vision Program and the
Subsidiary Action Program.  n50 The Shared Vision Program has approximately $
130 million in funding for seven main projects focused on grant-based activities
for engendering trust and cooperation while encouraging an environment for
investment.  n51

   One Shared Vision Program project, the Nile Transboundary Environmental
Action Project (Nile TEAP), supports development of a "basin-wide framework for
actions to address high-priority transboundary environmental issues within the
context of the Nile Basin Initiative's ... Strategic Action Program."  n52
Although Nile TEAP is a part of NBI's Shared Vision Program, it has more
specifically defined  [*457]  objectives, such as enhancing basin-wide
cooperation and environmental awareness and providing a forum for stakeholder
participation.  n53 In order to achieve its objectives, Nile TEAP focuses on
component activities ranging from institutional to grassroots efforts.  n54 This
Note focuses on the Nile Transboundary Microgrants Program, one of the
community-level projects under Nile TEAP.  n55

   III. LINKING DEVELOPMENT AID STRATEGIES AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION: A HUMAN
RIGHTS PERSPECTIVE

   Although the participation of the Nile riparian states is a significant
achievement, it does not guarantee that the Nile's water will be used
sustainably and equitably both across and within each riparian state.  n56 To
achieve truly equitable and sustainable uses of the Nile's water--an essential
component to achieving transboundary cooperation--the international community
must recognize that dramatic disparities and inequities exist regarding access
to water rights within each riparian state, and that "water is critical for
sustainable development, including environmental integrity and the eradication
of poverty and hunger, and is indispensable for human health and well being."
n57

   A. Domestic and Basin-Wide Heterogeneity and Achieving Collective Action

   The fact that the Nile riparian states are heterogeneous in ideology,
economy, ethnicity, religion, and geography is in part responsible for the
challenges encountered in achieving a cooperative framework.  n58 Differing
priorities in water management procedures and differing levels of commitment and
concern toward a basin-wide initiative add further challenges to the prospect of
basin-wide cooperation.  n59 The heterogeneity of the Nile riparian states thus
essentially  [*458]  precludes the possibility that the riparian states will
easily agree on a principle or set of principles of water allocation.  n60

   The Nile River Basin Transboundary Environmental Analysis, initiated in 1999
as part of NBI, was created to "help translate existing national environmental
commitments and interests into regional and basin-wide analytical frameworks,
priorities and, eventually, basin-wide actions."  n61 NBI has essentially
created a basin-wide basis for dialogue involving the participation of the
Nile's riparian states.  n62 Participation of each riparian state in a
basin-wide dialogue, however, does not ensure the protection of all important
domestic interests or peoples within each state.  n63 Domestic interest groups
often present an obstacle to regional cooperation due to small-group domination.
n64 Protectionist policies and the "willful burdening of domestic groups by
other groups who abuse the inherent flaws that exist in the domestic political
processes of states" make even domestic consensus a challenge.  n65 Thus, a
major challenge in the institutional framework established by NBI is addressing
the fact that the Nile riparian states are tremendously heterogeneous on a
domestic level, yielding a significant potential for distorted governmental
choices that may, and often do, neglect the interests of certain beneficiaries
of ecosystem preservation.  n66

   Protecting human interests on a domestic level is deeply connected with
transboundary management of water resources because environmental degradation
unquestionably poses a threat to human health and human life.  n67 By 2025,
between five and six Nile Basin  [*459]  countries will be considered water
scarce.  n68 How well the Nile riparian states stave off the potentially
catastrophic consequences of water shortage will dramatically impact not only
the political stability but also the quality of life in this part of the
developing world.  n69 NBI's goals recognize this relationship and include a
directive "to promote economic development and fight poverty throughout the
basin."  n70

   Collective action should focus on the positive human relationship with the
Nile, but it must consider the temptation to use the Nile's water as a "water
weapon" in a politically unstable climate.  n71 The potential for inadequate
protection of minorities and future generations demands that collective action
in the Nile Basin adequately address the needs of underrepresented domestic
populations; adopting a human rights perspective in the transboundary management
of the Nile's water is an essential part of doing so.  n72

   B. Water as a Human Right

   Adopting a human rights perspective in environmental protection in general,
and in the allocation of water rights in the Nile Basin in particular, involves
recognizing "that environmental rights also means rights for humans."  n73
Specifically, a human rights perspective in environmental issues supports the
belief that humans have a right to a healthy environment, and that, as a matter
of basic human rights, "individuals have certain entitlements in relation to the
environment."  n74 Application of this view requires identification of groups
most commonly  [*460]  disadvantaged in society: minorities and future
generations.  n75 Because attention to future generations is an accepted
principle of sustainable development, national and international law as well as
international development institutions have validated the principle of
intergenerational equality as a normative concept in environmental protection.
n76 Indeed, the 1972 Stockholm Declaration of the United Nations Conference on
the Human Environment states that: "to defend and improve the human environment
for present and future generations has become an imperative goal for mankind--a
goal to be pursued together with, and in harmony with, the established and
fundamental goals of peace and of worldwide economic and social development."
n77

   Less explicitly addressed in the international dialogue on environmental
protection is recognition that protection of minority interests is necessarily
linked to ecosystem management.  n78 A growing number of scholars and
nongovernmental organizations  n79 recognize the undeniable link between
ecosystem preservation and the enjoyment of fundamental human rights.  n80
Others, however, criticize the inclusion of human needs in an environmental
framework as unnecessarily anthropocentric.  n81 In practice, most human rights
instruments as well as global and regional tribunals fail to make explicit the
connection between human rights and environmental rights.  n82

   Human rights law may be one method to encourage governments to manage water
resources in a way that ensures sustainability.  n83  [*461]  Although the
international legal framework does not address individual rights to a
sustainable environment in explicit terms, a human right to water may be
inferred from well-recognized provisions of international law.  n84 The view
that humans have a right to water is particularly relevant in the case of the
Nile Basin, where issues of water scarcity relate to both an absolute shortage
of water, and the use of water allocation as a method of subordinating certain
populations to others in politically unstable states.  n85 Quite often,
governments marginalize the interests of minorities--usually indigenous
groups--in national resource management strategies.  n86 Effective management of
the Nile and other rivers as a transboundary resource therefore requires a
system in which attention is given not only to the obstacles of international
cooperation, but also to the resolution of domestic inequities. Ultimately, in
the Nile Basin as elsewhere, human rights cannot be protected without
preservation of the environment, and environmental goals cannot be furthered
without attention to the impact of environmental resource scarcity on human
rights.  n87

   IV. FUNDING COMMUNITY LEVEL ACTION: MICROGRANTS AND MICROLOANS

   Economic programs for environmental purposes frequently focus either on
costly large-scale projects or on small-grant funded localized actions.  n88 One
part of the Nile Basin Initiative (NBI)--the Nile Transboundary Microgrants
Program (Nile TMP)--focuses on using community-based economic infusions through
small grants to promote  [*462]  broader, regional cooperation.  n89 Omitted
from this picture, however, is the use of "trickle-up" microfinance programs to
create local change in a way that enhances large-scale transboundary cooperation
and promotes ecosystem preservation.  n90

   A. Large Grants and Small Grants: An Overview of Economic Development in
Environmental Projects

   Large-scale public-works style water projects, along with their "massive
infusions of money," are often considered "boons to economic progress."  n91
Social scientists, however, are aware that these large-scale markers of economic
"progress" have tremendous social, cultural, political, and behavioral
repercussions that can be either positive indicators of progress or negative
indicators of social dominance.  n92

   The Aswan High Dam in the Nile Basin is an example of the
complexities--economic, geopolitical, and environmental--that can accompany such
large-scale projects.  n93 Critics of the Aswan High Dam--built in large part to
create water security and exercise sovereignty in Egypt  n94--claim that the dam
is responsible for both socioeconomic and environmental problems in the Nile
Basin.  n95 Largescale projects such as the Aswan High Dam represent economic
and environmental priorities quite different from those seen in community-based
small-grant programs.  n96

   There is a close relationship between economic development and environmental
initiatives. Although many factors influence environmental resource management,
economic stability in particular is more likely to promote efficient and
equitable uses of environmental resources.  n97  [*463]  Cooperative
arrangements among the World Bank, the United Nations Development Programme
(UNDP), and the United Nations Environmental Programme are manifestations of
this recognition.  n98 For example, the Global Environmental Facility (GEF) has
explicitly recognized that the integration of environmental and development
initiatives is necessary to secure the cooperation of developing countries in an
environmental initiative; as a result, small grants are frequently the most
appropriate tools for funding environmental initiatives.  n99

   The GEF's Small Grant Programme (SGP), launched in 1992, is perhaps the best
example of institutional recognition of the correlation between the environment
and localized development initiatives.  n100 The program operates by first
identifying areas where global benefits are at stake--such as biodiversity,
climate change, or international waters--and then funding programs that directly
seek to preserve the global benefit or redress the global harm where traditional
development aid would not otherwise be available.  n101 In the Nile TMP, as is
generally the case, communities and nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), but
not individuals, will be eligible recipients of small grants.  n102

   Although SGP implements widespread small-grant programs with the ultimate
purpose of achieving sustainable environmental development,  n103 microloan
programs  n104 do not appear to be part of the strategic implementation of
environmental initiatives.  n105 This may be due to the doctrinal division of
human rights approaches and environmental  [*464]  harm approaches to resource
management.  n106 Additionally, microgrants and microloans differ both in
functionality and implementation.

   B. Funding the Nile Basin Initiative and the Nile Transboundary Microgrants
Program

   The Nile Basin Trust Fund (NBTF) is a multidonor trust fund that was created
for the purpose of financing NBI activities.  n107 NBI, through the NBI
Secretariat, manages the overall fund flow and disbursements of GEF and NBTF
monies.  n108 However, NBTF is currently managed by the World Bank.  n109 The
Nile Transboundary Environmental Action Project (Nile TEAP) will be jointly
supported by the UNDP and the World Bank and will use the NBI Secretariat for
decentralized implementation of the funding process.  n110

   The Nile TEAP provides a total of at least $ 11.1 million to go toward
community-level land, forest, and water conservation projects.  n111 In the
initial stages, these projects will focus on pilot activities at selected
transboundary sites for the purposes of demonstrating the feasibility of
local-level approaches to land and water conservation.  n112 In addition to the
anticipated positive local impact, these programs have the potential to
strengthen national NGO networks as well as improve NGO-government
collaboration.  n113

   A major component of the community-level land, forests, and water
conservation aspect of the Nile TEAP is the Nile TMP, which is designed to
"support community-driven interventions to address transboundary environmental
threats on a local scale."  n114 Each participating NBI country will have a
national Nile TMP.  n115 Using the institutional best practice model of SGP,
"the main emphasis of the Nile Transboundary Microgrants will be on piloting new
and promising transboundary initiatives, on the development and dissemination of
best practice and on exchanges of lessons learned in environmental and  [*465]
natural resource management."  n116 Significantly, the Nile TMP is also aimed at
discouraging overexploitation of natural resources by providing alternative
sustainable livelihood opportunities to affected communities.  n117

   The maximum size of Nile TMP grants will be $ 25,000 each.  n118 It is
anticipated, however, that many smaller grants will be given, with an average
grant size of $ 10,000.  n119 Projects that fulfill the following six specific
criteria will be given funding priority:


     (1) focus on transboundary environmental problems and sites, (2)
     provide for community participation in their design, implementation
     and evaluation, (3) pay attention to the needs of women and/or
     indigenous peoples and practices, (4) draw on local or Nile Basin
     scientific and technical resources, (5) support capacity development,
     and (6) communicate best practices to wider audiences.  n120


Notably, women and women's groups are to be given particular attention in Nile
TMP decisions and activities.  n121

   C. Microloans as a Tool for Alleviating Poverty

   In the context of development aid, microloans differ from microgrants in
three central ways: (1) microloans exist in smaller denominations than
microgrants, and are therefore more accessible to individuals than microgrants;
(2) microloans may be more cost-effective than other forms of development aid
because they are loan based instead of grant based; and (3) individuals are more
likely to use their money responsibly and for income-producing purposes when
they are under an obligation to repay, and where group-lending enforcement
mechanisms exist.  n122 The origins of large-scale, international microfinance
lay in the original Grameen Bank of Bangladesh.  n123 The founder of the
original Grameen Bank recognized that people could break out of poverty  [*466]
by taking small, unsecured loans with reasonable and appropriate conditions for
repayment, for the purposes of starting small businesses.  n124 The United
Nations declared the year 2005 to be the International Year of Microcredit in
recognition of the fact that microloans--small loans given to individuals in
society who otherwise have no access to credit--and other forms of microfinance
are valuable mechanisms to fight poverty.  n125 Microcredit operates on the
principle that those who have access to financial institutional structures, and
to credit in particular, are more able to account for daily needs.  n126 In its
most frequently cited examples, microcredit allows poor people--those who would
otherwise not be "bankable"--to gain sufficient capital in order to start an
entrepreneurial business.  n127

   Microcredit programs emerged from widespread criticism of traditional
"trickle-down" style funding programs that were State-dominated efforts.  n128
The increasing popularity of microcredit as a tool for alleviating poverty is
aptly summarized in a UN resolution passed in 1997:


     Microcredit programmes have proved to be an effective tool in freeing
     people from the bondage of poverty and have led to their increasing
     participation in the mainstream economic and political process of
     society ... [The programs] have especially benefited women and have
     resulted in the achievement of their empowerment in a world where more
     women than men live in absolute poverty and [where] the imbalance
     continues to grow.  n129


Microcredit uses a "trickle-up" paradigm to energize development from the
poorest segment of society while breaking dependency on  [*467]  government
handouts.  n130 Though it originated with small, unsecured loans, microfinance
has grown to include a variety of financial services for the poor, "including
savings, money transfers, payment services, and insurance."  n131

   Microcredit programs often place special emphasis on the needs of women for
several reasons: women "often face social barriers to entry into the formal
economy and turn to the informal sector to provide for themselves and their
families";  n132 women often engage in activities suitable for microloan funded
enterprises;  n133 and the inclusion of women in income-producing activity
serves to empower them.  n134 Additionally, "in a world where most poor people
are women, studies have shown that access to financial services has improved the
status of women within the family and the community."  n135 Evidence also shows
that women should be targeted for microloans because they are more careful with
family finances and are less likely than the family patriarch to spend the money
for unintended purposes.  n136 Ultimately, microfinance can play a role in
female empowerment: it improves a woman's ability to make decisions that affect
her life by increasing a woman's market access, role in family decision making,
and participation in public action.  n137

   Neither microgrants nor microloans are a "silver bullet," but each form of
aid can play a valuable role in conjunction with other forms of development aid
in the developing world.  n138 Microloans can be particularly beneficial because
they are provided in much smaller amounts than microgrants and they focus most
particularly on the "poorest of the poor."  n139 Although both microgrant and
microloan programs are ultimately concerned with socioeconomic development,
microloan programs differ in that they stem from the recognition that credit,
and  [*468]  not just money, is necessary to combat poverty.  n140 Additionally,
microloans can be made available to individuals, whereas microgrants on the
scale of those given in the Nile TMP would typically require full community
participation.  n141 Moreover, conditions for repayment may generate increased
responsibility in use of given funds; thus, microgrants, as well as microloans
in a credit-saturated environment, may not always be completely effective.  n142
As global environmental policy incorporates increasingly economic approaches,
microloan programs are a logical complement, but not a substitute, to existing
strategies for improving sustainable environmental development; this is
particularly so because in targeting poverty, microloans help further a variety
of development goals.  n143

   However, it should be noted that some commentators criticize microcredit and
question its effectiveness.  n144 In particular, critics cite the unavailability
of certain forms of quantitative data for assessment of microcredit, and also
question the long-term effectiveness of microcredit on reducing poverty.  n145
Despite these criticisms, it remains true that "the poor, like the rich--perhaps
even more so because of their vulnerability--benefit substantially from the
ability to smooth their income."  n146 In turn, microcredit helps achieve
development objectives beyond poverty reduction, such as improved health and
nutrition and increased school enrollment.  n147

   V. ANALYSIS

   Microgrants are an integral part of generating community level action in
furtherance of transboundary cooperation over the Nile's water.  n148  [*469]
Supplementing NBI's microgrant program with a microloan program is an important
step in mitigating the effects of water scarcity in the Nile Basin and in other
parts of the developing world.  n149 To achieve true community-level
participation in water conservation and trans-boundary cooperation, NBI must
address both the connections between poverty and marginalization of minorities
and women, on the one hand, and ecosystem preservation on the other.  n150 This
section addresses how and why a microloan program integrated with a
water-resource oriented initiative such as NBI could play this role.  n151 By
reducing poverty and the marginalization of women and minority groups, a
microloan program can intervene in both the causes and the consequences of water
scarcity.  n152 Microcredit is therefore central to addressing the three key
principles of water management for the future: "1) equity in the form of poverty
alleviation . . ., 2) preservation of natural resources and, . . . 3)
governance."  n153 Ultimately, microloans can improve the human and natural
environment with respect to water resources, and can provide an effective local
intervention where failures of governance exacerbate inequity and scarcity of
water resources.  n154

   A. Microcredit: A Tool to Compensate for Failures of Governance in Water
Management

   Africa's water crisis, like the water crises in much of the developing world,
"is one of water governance, essentially caused by the ways  [*470]  in which we
mismanage water."  n155 "Inertia at leadership level, . . . a world population
not fully aware of the scale of the problem," and a lack of empowerment continue
to present dramatic obstacles to water resource management.  n156

   When examining the nature of conflict and cooperation over a widely shared
resource such as the Nile, the tendency is to examine issues of state-to-state,
basin-, or subbasin-level cooperation.  n157 NBI can help generate shared
normative principles that lend legitimacy to project activities while also
creating a foundation of shared principles at these levels.  n158 In Africa,
however, issues of water resource management and scarcity are deeply rooted in
domestic conflicts, and must also be addressed on a local level.  n159

   To a large extent, domestic tensions over water management derive either from
conflict between indigenous systems of water management and national interests,
or from conflict among various interest groups within a local system.  n160
While indigenous systems of water management in Africa vary widely, examples of
indigenous water systems in Kenya and Tanzania are instructive in understanding
these tensions.  n161 In Kenya and Tanzania, indigenous systems of water
management were based on water ownership in the local community or a particular
clan.  n162 In these cases, water is considered a free, open-access resource for
certain limited uses, with access for other uses--  [*471]  particularly for the
grazing of cattle--regulated by community or family leaders.  n163 Communities
and clans, in some instances, allowed others to access their water and some
developed reciprocal arrangements for resources when necessary.  n164

   Modern government interventions may threaten water resources secured under
this form of community control by forcing reallocation of resources.  n165 The
response of one villager in Tanzania to a request by the government that the
village share its water aptly captures the domestic tensions concerning water:
"'The people from the government came and said, 'The water belongs to the
nation, and you must share it." But the villagers said "No, the water is ours"
and armed themselves in order to fight.'"  n166 The tension between communities
and the state reflects a problem of governance over water resources because,
while local water practices may be stable, they are not necessarily equitable.
n167 In some situations, external interventions are properly warranted.  n168
For example, in individual communities, women and poor people are generally the
least able to exercise influence over community planning,  n169 yet they are
often the most affected by water scarcity.  n170 In such cases, an external
intervention can create a water management strategy that adequately accounts for
the needs of those people most burdened by water scarcity within a given
community.  n171 On the other hand, totally decentralized water resource
management inevitably allows any riparian community to easily draw more water
than its share from a river, jeopardizing the access of downstream communities.
n172

    [*472]  While in some cases state intervention can be valuable where
community cooperation is present, state interventions into local water
management practices can also further inequities and undermine sustainable use.
n173 In Kenya, for example, the government encouraged the growth of settlements
in an arid region by identifying settlement areas and appointing a chief who is
responsible for settling the area.  n174 This responsibility gives the chief
perverse incentives to engage in competitive behavior with other nearby
settlements and communities in order to attract more settlers.  n175 These
incentives include fencing in water-pans for grazing animals such that only
settled people and their animals have access, disregarding the customary norm
that prevented people from allowing cattle to graze too close to wells in the
dry season.  n176 Although settlers experience many benefits of settlement,
n177 the changing grazing patterns have resulted in overgrazing.  n178 The
result has been "reduced availability of key fodder species, a situation that
may be reversible, but is currently reducing nutrients available to herds.
Consequently, . . . [animal] milk and meat yield is poorer, with associated
human health impacts."  n179

   Thus, it is not clear how external intervention in local water management
should be fashioned, and whether the state should direct that intervention.
n180 At least two problems arise with advocating for state-driven intervention.
First, state interventions are likely to be fraught with corruption and the
influences of domestic interest groups, resulting in increased marginalization
of minority groups due to small-group capture problems.  n181 Second, because
"the decentralization of water resources management to the 'lowest appropriate
level,' as advocated in the Dublin Principles, is one component of an 'enabling
environment' for customary practices" there exists the risk that centralized
water resource management would jeopardize efficiency and equity by disabling
the implementation of even sustainable indigenous practices.  n182 Where state
intervention is not present, however, customary  [*473]  norms of indigenous
practices might not consider gender equity and other broader interests.  n183
Thus, neither indigenous practices nor state interventions universally solve the
crisis of governance in water resource management; this is why "a truly
community-based approach must be followed to create an atmosphere of negotiation
and mutual understanding between interest groups."  n184

   A community-based approach has the benefits of increased stakeholder
participation in all aspects of water resource management, including sanitation
education, conservation, and infrastructure development,  n185 while also
enhancing the legitimacy of existing government initiatives.  n186 For example,
NBI's Nile TMP promotes "community-driven interventions to address transboundary
environmental threats on a local scale."  n187 The funding available to NGOs and
communities through the Nile TMP may be effective at promoting community-level
projects that either directly support transboundary activities or directly
relate to a transboundary cooperation issue.  n188 For instance, a microgrant
might fund a community project to build water sanitation or irrigation
facilities shared across a border or directly affecting a neighboring state.
n189

   While the microgrant program aims to generate participation from all aspects
of a community and from women in particular,  n190 it  [*474]  may not
adequately reach the water-related needs or concerns of the most disenfranchised
populations within a community. The amount of grant money, the application
process, and the need for a community-wide action or support factor into this
inadequacy. The level of sophistication of the microgrant program may itself be
an obstacle for poor and illiterate individuals seeking out funding, whereas
this may not be a major obstacle for unified communities.  n191 Additionally, by
the terms of the program, microgrants will not be given for purely domestic
activities that do not involve environmental issues shared by at least one other
Nile Basin country.  n192 Therefore, the Nile TMP may not fully realize the
potential to intervene in the vicious cycle that connects social marginalization
via status or poverty and environmental degradation.  n193 Microloans can
introduce improved stakeholder participation beyond that of microgrants in a way
that will ultimately benefit the Nile Basin as a whole.  n194 This is because
microloans are specifically designed to target the poorest and most marginalized
portions of society, and because microloans are available to individuals,
whereas microgrants are available to communities. The following sections discuss
ways in which microcredit can supplement microgrants in water management
strategy by circumventing problems of both governance and marginalization of
those groups most impacted by water scarcity.

    [*475]  B. Microcredit: Targeting the Connection Between Poverty, Health,
and Environmental Stability

1. The Links Between Poverty, Women, and Water

   Poor countries are particularly dependent on their natural resources, such as
water, soil, forests, and animals, yet they are least equipped to protect these
resources.  n195 Indeed, "it is becoming increasingly clear that water will soon
become the most crucial resource constraint for economic development and social
welfare in the arid and semi-arid regions of the Third World where it has not
already done so."  n196 Because water management is so crucial to economic
development, the international community must adopt the tools of economic
development in promoting more equitable and sustainable uses of water in the
world.  n197 Unfortunately, only very recently have environmental resources been
a significant part of governmental planning models.  n198

   Microcredit is currently used throughout the world--including in Nile basin
states--"'to address the constraints that exclude people from full participation
in the financial sector.'"  n199 Microcredit programs are generally implemented
with specific economic development goals in mind; this is because microcredit is
first and foremost a development aid tool.  n200 This section argues, however,
that widespread implementation of water resource-oriented microcredit programs
throughout the Nile Basin can alleviate both the sources and symptoms of water
scarcity,  n201 while also mitigating the impact of domestic tensions and
inequities that can be a barrier to fully realized international cooperation.
n202

    [*476]  In order to understand why the use of microcredit should be expanded
to environmental initiatives and not only be used for economic development
programs, one must understand the connections between water scarcity, poverty,
and the marginalization of women.  n203 The water problem in Africa is not only
one of allocation; it is also one of outright scarcity, as there simply is not
enough water to meet demand.  n204 Water scarcity has the least impact on
wealthy and powerful individuals in an otherwise poor country because they are
able to control and allocate water in a favorable manner.  n205 For example, a
coffee estate in Tanzania held exclusive water rights for a local water source;
locals had to accept allocation of water set out in the water rights document
belonging to the estate.  n206 The farmer of the coffee estate was obligated to
provide nearby villagers with this water as stipulated in the 1958 document.
n207 Demand from nearby villagers, however, now exceeds the supply provided by
the estate, and has led to arguments and in some cases vandalism.  n208 While
the estate did not itself suffer from water scarcity, the growing population of
villagers and livestock means that nearby villagers, who had little means of
changing water allocation, would instead experience the effects of water stress.
n209

   The previous example illustrates the ordinary power dynamic that inheres in
water resource allocation in the Nile Basin. This power dynamic is worsened by
the fact that water scarcity most severely affects poor people because they are
unable to secure a water supply.  n210 In other cases, poor people do not have
adequate access to water because they cannot live within a reasonable distance
of a water source.  n211 In yet other circumstances, water policy is used as a
"punishing tool in domestic politics."  n212 Water scarcity generates a downward
spiral of poverty and ill health; as a result of water scarcity, poor people
"are blighted by the burden of water-related disease, living in degraded and
often dangerous environments, struggling to get an education for their children
and to earn a living, and to get enough to eat."  n213

    [*477]  Ultimately, "the poverty of a large percentage of the world's
population is both a symptom and a cause of the water crisis."  n214 The
developing world is currently engaged in a vicious cycle where poor people are
most affected by water scarcity; due to their lack of resources, poor
communities engage in unsustainable or unsanitary water practices.  n215 These
practices decrease the availability of clean water as "short-term survival
supersedes long-term resource protection."  n216 Water degradation makes it
harder for people to generate water-related livelihoods, thus ultimately
generating more poverty, because "without improved access to freshwater and
sanitation, the overarching goal of poverty reduction cannot be achieved. The
economic consequences resulting from a lack of clean water and improved
sanitation are often underestimated."  n217

   Women are disproportionately impacted by issues of water scarcity and
cleanliness in comparison to men.  n218 This is due in large part to the fact
that women typically bear the primary responsibility for household water and
hygiene.  n219 On average, women and girls walk 3.7 miles every day to carry 5.3
gallons of water.  n220 Men, on the other hand, are rarely expected to walk
several hours to fetch water.  n221 In addition to being responsible for water
supply, women are responsible for household matters of sanitation and the use of
water "for food preparation, care of domestic animals, crop irrigation, personal
hygiene, care of the sick, cleaning, washing and waste disposal."  n222 "Women
and girls [also] have the greatest need for private and safe sanitation
facilities" in order to improve health and hygiene, reduce embarrassment, and
improve personal safety.  n223

   Although women play a central role in household and community management,
their voices are often overlooked in water management and sanitary resource
planning.  n224 As a result, the "impressive store of  [*478]  environmental
wisdom" developed by women on the location and nature of water resources is
untapped.  n225 The failure to use this "extensive traditional knowledge" not
only jeopardizes the efficiency of community water resource management and
sanitary planning, it also prevents women from engaging in more efficient
practices with respect to domestic water management, and thereby locks women out
of opportunities to make money or receive an education.  n226

   In India, for example, the estimated national cost of women fetching water
for home use is 150 million work days per year, which equals a national loss of
$ 208 million in income.  n227 In addition to the amount of time invested in
fetching water, a lack of sanitation facilities often prevents girls from
attending school.  n228 By consulting with women when engaging in water resource
and sanitation planning, by building nearby water access points, and by
providing private sanitation facilities in schools, women will have the
opportunity to make significant financial contributions to their families and
communities, thereby reducing poverty.  n229 Reduced poverty ultimately yields
more sustainable uses of water resources.  n230 Improved access to water
generates intangible benefits for women as well--"with closer water comes
greater self-esteem, less harassment of women and better school attendance by
girls."  n231

2. Opportunities to Use Microcredit to Break Vicious Cycles

   Small grants, such as those planned to be given in the Nile TMP, can be
highly beneficial for communities that have a collective interest in promoting a
particular project in furtherance of transboundary cooperation.  n232 Despite
the fact that the Nile TMP places special emphasis on incorporating the needs of
women in microgrant-funded projects, domestic power relationships, problems of
governance, and cultural phenomena may prevent women and poor people from having
their needs adequately represented.  n233 Additionally, the number  [*479]  of
individual women and impoverished people that need help far exceeds the number
of communities that will receive small grants.  n234

   Microloans can circumvent these problems, because in the case of microloans,
community enablement is less vital; this is precisely why microloans are
effective at reaching the poorest of the poor without distorting funds from more
powerful individuals or entities.  n235 Additionally, microloans are well suited
for stimulating income-generating activity by funding microenterprises.  n236

   Many activities funded by microloans may not have a direct relationship to
water resources but will nevertheless reduce poverty, thereby intervening in the
vicious cycle connecting poverty and inadequate water resources. For example, an
individual can take a loan for as little as fifty dollars for a small
thirty-five millimeter camera and a few rolls of film, and create a business
taking wedding or other special occasion photographs.  n237 In a more common
example, an individual could borrow money via a microloan to purchase a cellular
phone, and then use the phone to run a small pay phone business.  n238  [*480]
Other examples of microloan-funded enterprises include the creation of a noodle
business with a twenty-five dollar loan, and a floral landscaping and resale
businesses with a similar loan.  n239 Even where the funded activity does not
directly impact water resources, as in the examples above, it ultimately
improves water management because it reduces the need to place short-term
survival above long-term preservation of water resources.  n240

   Some microloan-funded projects, however, do have a direct impact on water
resource use and management.  n241 For example, a woman could borrow enough
money to build a cart capable of transporting water for several families. She
could then create a business out of providing water to other women who would
ordinarily have to fetch the water themselves. Those women, in turn, would have
more time to engage in other income-generating activities or to pursue
education. Microloans could also be used to fund "micro-irrigation"--irrigation
of small plots.  n242 For instance, a small-scale bucket irrigation kit can be
purchased with a microloan of ten dollars.  n243 The kit consists of a bucket
and two lengths of drip tape.  n244 The irrigation provided is suitable for
kitchen gardens, allowing individuals--most likely women--to sell small amounts
of crop.  n245 This irrigation system is also scalable, allowing for irrigation
of larger plots of land.  n246 While the concept might appear simplistic, the
bucket kit is currently distributed in over one hundred countries, and makes
significant contributions to individual livelihoods.  n247 In light of the
direct and indirect beneficial impacts microloans can have on environmental
resource use, the international environmental community should look to
microloans to supplement existing environmental projects.

    [*481]  C. Microcredit: A Tool to Improve Water Resource Management

   Environmental degradation in the developing world results in part from
short-term survival needs preventing efforts to engage in long-term resource
protection.  n248 As discussed above, microloans may be used as a tool to
alleviate poverty, thereby reducing the need to place short-term survival over
long-term resource protection.  n249 In addition, microloans can be used to
directly discourage environmentally harmful activities and promote sustainable
uses of water resources.

   One way in which microloans can benefit the environment generally, and water
resources particularly, is by promoting more equitable and sustainable uses of
land.  n250 By using microloans to fund the small-scale irrigation methods
proposed by Blank and his colleagues--such as using bucket kits  n251--one can
obtain high productivity from small plots while reducing reliance on large scale
irrigation schemes that benefit only a small minority.  n252 Reduced reliance
also has the potential to discourage unsustainable land-conversion practices,
which create an incentive for "over-exploitation of water for irrigation and the
intensification of agriculture."  n253 Land conversion is harmful to ecosystems
and threatens the availability and quality of water resources because it fills
water bodies with silt, inhibits natural recharge, and eliminates natural flood
control and key components of the aquatic environment, such as habitats for
fisheries and waterfowl.  n254

   In addition to discouraging harmful land conversion, microloans can play an
integral role in reducing water consumption for irrigation.  n255 Small-scale
irrigation projects, funded with microloans, or a  [*482]  combination of
microloans and microgrants, can reduce water consumption by promoting high
productivity from small plots  n256 and discouraging potentially wasteful
large-scale damming and irrigation.  n257 Small-scale irrigation projects can
also be combined with microloan-funded seed-buying programs to promote the
planting of crops that use relatively little water.  n258

   Microloans can also have a direct beneficial impact on the environment by
discouraging deforestation activities. Deforestation is especially pronounced
where wood or wood-derived coal is used for energy consumption; one significant
use of wood in this context is for cooking fuel.  n259 This deforestation, in
turn, directly and adversely affects water resources because "the continued
availability of water depends on the conservation of forests and the use of soil
and water conservation technologies in people's farms. As woodland areas are
cleared for cultivation . . . less water permeates the ground, and more is
diverted away from the groundwater store as run-off."  n260 Significantly,
wood-derived coal use for cooking is inefficient in its use of time, energy, and
finances.  n261

   One can hypothesize that a microloan program, in conjunction with other forms
of funding, could be used to intervene in this cycle  [*483]  of environmental
degradation. First, microgrants could be used to create facilities producing
alternative biomass fuels, train individuals to produce fuel briquettes from
sawdust and wastepaper, and help individuals overcome the costs associated with
converting to a different type of fuel.  n262 Second, microloans could be used
to discourage deforestation by providing alternative livelihood opportunities
for those who would otherwise cut down trees and resell the lumber or
wood-derived coal.  n263 Microloans can also help stimulate economic activity,
such as the creation of a food-vending business, that is enabled by the
availability of lower-cost, reliable fuel in the form of biomass briquettes.
n264 Third, a microloan program could fund enterprises involved in the
distribution of various alternative cooking fuels, such as solar cooking and
fuels derived from agricultural waste.  n265 Although it is currently
unaffordable to fund highly localized alternative biomass briquette production
plants, microloans could be used to fund a transportation enterprise for
individuals to transport alternative biomass briquettes from a point of
distribution to a village or town.  n266 In these ways, microloans can play an
important role in creating the new ethic of environmental stewardship necessary
for long-term ecosystem preservation.  n267

   CONCLUSION

   Effective management of transboundary water resources is crucial for the Nile
riparian states, both for economic development and for national security.
Failures of governance and problems of unequal representation, however, preclude
the possibility that all vital domestic interests will be adequately addressed
in the basin-wide dialogue on  [*484]  transboundary cooperation. Although
state-level action is a necessary component of international water management,
community-level action is equally vital for achieving sustainable and equitable
water use. This is due in large part to the fact that water is deeply connected
to domestic social, economic, and cultural structures.

   Where the relationship between poverty eradication and environmental
protection has been recognized, it has rarely been translated into concrete
implementation. The creation of NBI is a historic step in achieving cooperation
over the Nile's water and ameliorating the causes and effects of water scarcity
in the Nile Basin. NBI currently recognizes the need for community-level action,
in particular through Nile TEAP and Nile TMP.

   Microcredit programs are successfully implemented for purposes of poverty
eradication throughout the developing world, including the Nile riparian states.
However, microcredit programs do not play a central role in achieving
environmental goals. The Nile Basin is one of the most complex and strained
shared river basins in the world. Given the combination of developmental and
environmental needs in the region, a full cooperative scheme requires inclusion
of microloans together with existing approaches to cooperation. Microloans can
provide dramatic benefits in conjunction with international environmental
efforts, especially in the Nile Basin.

   By implementing a microcredit program in conjunction with other
community-level NBI initiatives, the international community can end the vicious
cycle of poverty and marginalization. As part of an international program for
the management of the Nile's water, a microloan program with an environmental
focus has the potential to pull people out of poverty and alleviate stress on
the environment due to an inability to achieve efficient and environmentally
friendly practices. The Nile riparian states stand to gain a great deal by
willingly including microfinance among the tools used at the community level.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
International LawSovereign States & IndividualsGeneral OverviewPublic Health &
Welfare LawSocial ServicesEconomic DevelopmentReal Property LawWater
RightsRiparian Rights

FOOTNOTES:




n1  EYAL BENVENISTI, SHARING TRANSBOUNDARY RESOURCES: INTERNATIONAL LAW AND
OPTIMAL RESOURCE USE 17 (2002).




n2  Jutta Brunnee & Stephen J. Toope, The Changing Nile Basin Regime: Does Law
Matter?, 43 HARV. INT'L L.J. 105, 106 (2002) (alteration in original) (quoting
Raj Krishna, The Legal Regime of the Nile River Basin, in THE POLITICS OF
SCARCITY: WATER IN THE MIDDLE EAST 23, 34 (Joyce R. Starr & Daniel C. Stoll
eds., 1998)); see ARUN P. ELHANCE, HYDROPOLITICS IN THE THIRD WORLD: CONFLICT
AND COOPERATION IN INTERNATIONAL RIVER BASINS 53 (1999) (noting that after
signing the Camp David peace accord, Sadat stated that the only reason the
country would go to war with a neighboring country would be a water-related
dispute).




n3  Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 106.




n4  Id.




n5  See ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 53.




n6  See Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 106-07.




n7  See The World Bank Group, World Bank Group: Nile Basin Initiative,
http://www.worldbank.org/afr/nilebasin/ (last visited Jan. 15, 2006).




n8  Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 108 (quoting NILE BASIN INITIATIVE,
STRATEGIC ACTION PROGRAM OVERVIEW DOCUMENT, ch. 1 (2001)).




n9  Nile Basin Initiative, Transboundary Environmental Action Project: Project
Implementation Plan 5 (Working Document 2002),
http://www.nileteap.org/docs/publications/Nile_Env_PIP_no_cover.pdf [hereinafter
TEAP] (working document providing an organizational chart detailing policy-,
national-, basinwide-, and subregional-level organizational structures).




n10  Id. at 19-20.




n11  Id. at 19.




n12  Isobel Coleman, Defending Microcredit, 29 FLETCHER F. WORLD AFF. 181, 182
(2005) ("Donors should accept microfinance for what it is: not a silver bullet,
but an important tool in the development toolkit."); see infra note 122 and
accompanying text (explaining the difference between microgrants and microloans
).




n13  See ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 60-61.




n14  Id. at 80-81.




n15  CLAUDIA W. SADOFF ET AL., THE WORLD BANK, REPORT No. 25,396, AFRICA'S
INTERNATIONAL RIVERS: AN ECONOMIC PERSPECTIVE 7 (2003), available at
http://www-wds.worldbank.org/servlet/WDS_IBank_Servlet?pcont=details&eid=0000949
46_03020504012641; see ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 63.




n16  See ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 62-66.




n17  Id. at 54. The basin area comprises a total area of 3 million square
kilometers. Peter Rogers, International River Basins: Pervasive Unidirectional
Externalities, in THE ECONOMICS OF TRANSNATIONAL COMMONS 35, 59 (Partha Dasgupta
et al. eds., 1997). The main body of the Nile is primarily composed of two
parts: the Blue Nile, which drains Lake Tana; and the White Nile, which
originates in Lake Victoria and feeds the Sudanese swamps known as the Sudd.
Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 117. The two tributaries meet in Khartoum. Id.




n18  See ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 56; Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 117;
Rogers, supra note 17, at 59 ("The existing treaties and effectively all of the
water consumption occur in the two downstream riparians which essentially make
no contribution to the river flow.").




n19  Ashok Swain, The Nile River Basin Initiative: Too Many Cooks, Too Little
Broth, 22 SAIS REV. OF INT'L AFF. 293, 298 (2002), available at
http://muse.jhu.edu/journals/sais_review/v022/22.2swain.pdf; see Kristin Wiebe,
Student Writing, The Nile River: Potential for Conflict and Cooperation in the
Face of Water Degradation, 41 NAT. RESOURCES J. 731, 734 (2001) ("More than 97
percent of Egypt's freshwater emanates from the Nile").




n20  JOHN WATERBURY, HYDROPOLITICS OF THE NILE VALLEY 12 (1979); Rogers, supra
note 17, at 59.




n21  FOOD & AGRIC. ORG. OF THE U.N. [FAO], LAND & WATER DEV. DIV., IRRIGATION
POTENTIAL IN AFRICA: A BASIN APPROACH, at ch. 6, FAO Land and Water Bulletin No.
4 (1997), available at
http://www.fao.org/documents/show_cdr.asp?url_file=/docrep/w4347e/w4347e0k.htm;
see U.N. Educ., Scientific & Cultural Org. [UNESCO], The Nile: Moving Beyond
Cooperation, at 10-12, U.N. Doc. SC-2003/WS/61 (2003) (prepared by Alan Nicol).




n22  Christina M. Carroll, Note, Past and Future Legal Framework of the Nile
River Basin, 12 GEO. INT'L ENVTL. L. REV. 269, 275 (1999).




n23  WATERBURY, supra note 20, at 23; see Carroll, supra note 22, at 274-75
(1999).




n24  The Nile: Moving Beyond Cooperation, supra note 21, at 10-14.




n25  WATERBURY, supra note 20, at 30.




n26  Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 119 (quoting Peter Theroux, The Imperiled
Nile Delta, NAT'L GEOGRAPHIC, Jan. 1997, at 2, 8).




n27  See ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 59.


     The minimum per capita water needs for an efficient, moderately
     industrialized nation have been estimated as 1,000 cubic meters per
     year, the annual per capita water availability between the years 1990
     and 2025 is expected to drop from 1,070 to 620 cubic meters in Egypt,
     from 2,360 to 980 cubic meters in Ethiopia, from 590 to 190 cubic
     meters in Kenya, from 880 to 350 cubic meters in Rwanda, and from
     2,780 to 900 cubic meters in Tanzania, based solely on the anticipated
     increases in the respective populations and on the current rates of
     water extraction.


Id.




n28  See id. at 66-67.




n29  See Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 122.




n30  ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 68.




n31  Id.; Carroll, supra note 22, at 276. For a list of all treaty arrangements
regarding the Nile, see Rogers, supra note 17, at 62-63 tbl.3.5.




n32  See ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 68-70.




n33  Id. at 54. "No other country in the world is so dependent on the water of a
single river that it shares with not two or three but eight other states, all
located upstream from Egypt." Id. (citations omitted).




n34  Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 105.




n35  Richard E. Just & Sinaia Netanyahu, International Water Resource Conflicts:
Experience and Potential, in CONFLICT AND COOPERATION ON TRANS-BOUNDARY WATER
RESOURCES 1, 9 (Richard E. Just & Sinaia Netanyahu eds., 1998).




n36  See Swain, supra note 19, 296-99; The Nile: Moving Beyond Cooperation,
supra note 21, at 15-16.




n37  Wiebe, supra note 19, at 732. Eritrea is participating in NBI as an
observer. The Nile: Moving Beyond Cooperation, supra note 21, at 3.




n38  TEAP, supra note 9, at 1 (emphasis omitted).




n39  See Carroll, supra note 22, at 297-98.




n40  Ashok Swain, Managing the Nile River: The Role of Sub-Basin Co-operation,
in CONFLICT MANAGEMENT OF WATER RESOURCES 145, 154-55 (Manas Chatterji et al.
eds., 2002). The Hydromet Project, launched in 1967, was ultimately unsuccessful
in securing basin-based arrangements beyond the existing unstable agreement that
existed between Egypt and Sudan. Id.




n41  Id. at 155. The TECCONILE program created the momentum that ultimately led
to the creation of NBI. Id.




n42  ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 62.




n43  Praful C. Patel, Foreword to SADOFF ET AL., supra note 15, at vii, vii.




n44  Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 108.




n45  Patel, supra note 43, at vii.




n46  See The Nile: Moving Beyond Cooperation, supra note 21, at 28.




n47  Swain, supra note 19, at 306.




n48  See The Nile: Moving Beyond Cooperation, supra note 21, at 27-28.




n49  See The World Bank Group, supra note 7.




n50  TEAP, supra note 9, at 4; Nile Transboundary Environmental Action Project,
About Nile Basin Initiative, http://www.nileteap.org/aboutNBI.asp (last visited
Jan. 17, 2006) [hereinafter About NBI].




n51  See TEAP, supra note 9, at 108.




n52  Id. at 1.




n53  Id.




n54  Id. at 10-12, tbl.1. These component activities are "1. Institutional
Strengthening to Facilitate Regional Cooperation. 2. Community-level Land,
Forest and Water Conservation. 3. Environmental Education and Awareness. 4.
Wetlands and Biodiversity Conservation. [And] 5. Water Quality Monitoring
Basin-wide." Id. at 10.




n55  Id. at 11, tbl.1; see also discussion infra Part IV.B.




n56  See G.A. Res. 58/217, P 2, U.N. Doc. A/RES/58/217 (Feb. 9, 2004), available
at http://www.unesco.org/water/water_celebrations/decades/water_for_life.pdf
(stating that to achieve water related goals, a greater focus on water related
issues and continued cooperation on all levels is necessary).




n57  Id. See generally TEAP, supra note 9, 18-22 (discussing the rationale for
both community-level and basin-wide projects).




n58  ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 63.




n59  Swain, supra note 40, at 155-56.




n60  David Goldberg, World Bank Policy on Projects on International Waterways in
the Context of Emerging International Law and the Work of the International Law
Commission, in THE PEACEFUL MANAGEMENT OF TRANSBOUNDARY RESOURCES 153, 163
(Gerald H. Blake et al. eds., 1995) (noting that Egypt has an interest in
following the "no appreciable harm" rule with regard to use of the Nile's water,
whereas Ethiopia, because of its upper riparian status, has an interest in
following the principle of equitable use, and thereby asserting a claim to
increased use of the Nile's water).




n61  TEAP, supra note 9, at 1 (emphasis added).




n62  See id. at 2.




n63  See BENVENISTI, supra note 1, at 12-13 ("Most governments have tended to
play down the interests of minorities, especially indigenous groups...
Disrespect for human rights and minority cultures has also been strongly
associated with national management of water and other natural resources.").




n64  Id. at 101.




n65  Id. at 11; see id. at 127-28.




n66  See id. at 19-20.




n67  See Stephen C. McCaffrey, A Human Right to Water: Domestic and
International Implications, 5 GEO. INT'L ENVTL. L. REV. 1, 24 (1992); Dinah
Shelton, Human Rights, Environmental Rights, and the Right to Environment, 28
STAN. J. INT'L L. 103, 104 (1991).




n68  The Nile: Moving Beyond Cooperation, supra note 21, at 2.




n69  SADOFF ET AL., supra note 15, at 55 ("To a greater extent in Africa than
anywhere else in the world, international rivers have the potential to join
countries economically and politically--or, conversely, to cause economic and
political tensions between them.").




n70  TEAP, supra note 9, at 1.




n71  See BENVENISTI, supra note 1, at 12; McCaffrey, supra note 67, at 6. For
example, historically controversial Jonglei Canal Project was planned to divert
the Nile's waters before reaching the Sudd marshes region in Sudan as a way to
draw more water from Sudan into Egypt as part of a water sharing agreement
between the two states. BENVENISTI, supra note 1, at 14. The plan, however,
would divert water away from people in the Jonglei region, who oppose the
project because they rely on agriculture and aquaculture for their livelihood.
Id.




n72  See infra Part III.B.




n73  See Dennis deLeon, The Merger of Human Rights and Environmental Law, in THE
ROLE OF LAW IN THE 1992 UNITED NATIONS CONFERENCE ON ENVIRONMENT AND
DEVELOPMENT: PRESENTATIONS AND PAPERS 19, 23 (1992).




n74  J. G. Merrills, Environmental Protection and Human Rights: Conceptual
Aspects, in HUMAN RIGHTS APPROACHES TO ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION 25, 25 (Alan E.
Boyle & Michael R. Anderson eds., 1998).




n75  BENVENISTI, supra note 1, at 116.




n76  See id. at 116-20.




n77  U.N. Conference on the Human Environment, Stockholm, Swed., June 5-16,
1972, Declaration, P 6, U.N. Doc. A/CONF.48/14 (June 16, 1972), available at
http://www.unep.org/Documents/Default.asp?DocumentID=97&ArticleID=1503.




n78  See BENVENISTI, supra note 1, at 120-21 ("Only a few references in existing
national constitutions and international human rights conventions link[] human
rights and ecosystem management... The 1997 United Nations Convention on the Law
of the Non-Navigational Uses of International Watercourses ... missed a golden
opportunity to make a strong commitment to the human rights aspect.").




n79  See, e.g., BENVENISTI, supra note 1; LINKING HUMAN RIGHTS AND THE
ENVIRONMENT (Romina Picolotti & Jorge Daniel Taillant eds., 2003); McCaffrey,
supra note 67.




n80  See generally Catherine Redgwell, Life, the Universe and Everything: A
Critique of Anthropocentric Rights, in HUMAN RIGHTS APPROACHES TO ENVIRONMENTAL
PROTECTION, supra note 74, at 71, 71-87.




n81  See generally id.




n82  Dinah Shelton, The Environmental Jurisprudence of International Human
Rights Tribunals, in LINKING HUMAN RIGHTS AND THE ENVIRONMENT, supra note 79, at
1, 11-12; see supra note 78.




n83  McCaffrey, supra note 67, at 24.




n84  See id. at 12.




n85  See id. at 2.


     These problems are especially acute in arid regions where there is
     barely enough water for all, even if allocated in the most equitable
     and efficient way possible. In the field of environmental law we often
     tend to become preoccupied with questions of pollution and water
     quality. In many regions of the world the principal problem, which has
     not received adequate attention, is one of insufficient water
     quantity.


Id.




n86  BENVENISTI, supra note 1, at 12.




n87  See Romina Picolotti, Agenda 21 and Human Rights: The Right to Participate,
in LINKING HUMAN RIGHTS AND THE ENVIRONMENT, supra note 79, at 47, 48 ("The
existence of a healthy environment becomes a condition sine qua non for the
enjoyment of other basic human rights.").




n88  See ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 74-79; Claudia M. Rogers, Water Resource
Development and Its Effects on the Human Community: The Tennessee-Tombigbee
Waterway, Southwestern United States, in WATER, CULTURE, & POWER: LOCAL
STRUGGLES IN A GLOBAL CONTEXT 123, 124 (John M. Donahue & Barbara Rose Johnston
eds., 1998).




n89  See Nile Basin Initiative, NBI-SVP Project Briefs,
http://www.nilebasin.org/svpProjectBriefs.htm (last visited Jan. 19, 2006);
TEAP, supra note 9, at 19-20.




n90  For example, although NBI addresses poverty issues in its policy goals, and
although the Nile TEAP focuses in part on community-level actions, neither
explicitly incorporates microlending programs in the Nile Basin. See TEAP, supra
note 9, at 2, 19-23.




n91  Rogers, supra note 88, at 124.




n92  Id.




n93  See ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 74-79.




n94  See id. at 76.




n95  Id. at 78. The Aswan Dam significantly contributed to political tensions in
the Nile Basin, largely because it was an affront to other riparian states as a
means of establishing Egypt's total sovereignty and dominance in the use of the
Nile's water. See id. at 74-79. To make matters worse, the Aswan Dam did not
improve--and perhaps worsened--the issue of water scarcity throughout the Nile
Basin due to the diversion of the Nile's water and other ecological problems.
See id. at 79; Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 119.




n96  ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 74-79.




n97  See SADOFF ET AL., supra note 15, at 15-16.




n98  See Stephen A. Silard, The Global Environment Facility: A New Development
in International Law and Organization, 28 GEO. WASH. J. INT'L L. & ECON. 607,
613-14 (1995).




n99  See id.




n100  See Global Environment Facility, The Global Environment Facility's Small
Grants Programme, What Does SGP Do?, http://sgp.undp.org (follow "About SGP"
hyperlink; then follow "What does SGP do?" hyperlink) (last visited Jan. 19,
2006).




n101  Global Environment Facility, The Global Environment Facility's Small
Grants Programme, About GEF, http://sgp.undp.org (follow "About SGP" hyperlink;
then follow "About GEF" hyperlink) (last visited Jan. 19, 2006).




n102  The size of the grants and organizational requirements to receive grants
indicate that this is the case. See TEAP, supra note 9, at 20.




n103  See Global Environment Facility, supra note 100.




n104  See infra Part IV.C (discussing microfinance).




n105  See generally TEAP, supra note 9 (defining the scope of the Nile TMP);
Grameen Foundation USA, Client Profiles, http://www.grameenfoundation.org/
programs/client_profiles/ (last visited Jan. 19, 2006) (providing example
profiles of microloan borrowers, who tend to focus on hunger, poverty,
education, and rights).




n106  See supra Part III.B. See generally Redgwell, supra note 80.




n107  TEAP, supra note 9, at 6.




n108  Id.




n109  Id.




n110  Id. at 7.




n111  Id. at 18. GEF will supply $ 3.72 million, and NBTF/World Bank will supply
$ 7.38 million. Id.




n112  Id.




n113  TEAP, supra note 9, at 18.




n114  Id. at 19.




n115  Id.




n116  Id.




n117  Id.




n118  Id. at 20.




n119  TEAP, supra note 9, at 20.




n120  Id. at 19.




n121  Id. at 20. For a discussion of the importance of placing particular
emphasis on including women in such programs, see infra Part V.B.1.




n122  See Coleman, supra note 12, at 181-82, 185.




n123  See Grameen Foundation USA, About Us,
http://www.grameenfoundation.org/about_us/ (last visited Jan. 19, 2006).




n124  See id.




n125  Press Release, U.N. Secretary-General, The Secretary-General Message on
the Launch of the International Year of Microcredit (Nov. 18, 2004),
http://www.yearofmicrocredit.org/pages/mediaoffice/mediaoffice_pressreleases.asp
#11182004A; see G.A. Res. 97, at 1, U.N. GAOR, 52d Sess., U.N. Doc. A/RES/52/194
(Feb. 18, 1998) available at
http://www.sdnpbd.org/sdi/international_days/poverty/2004/documents/a_res_52_194
.pdf.




n126  International Year of Microcredit 2005, Why a Year?--About Microfinance
and Microcredit,
http://www.yearofmicrocredit.org/pages/whyayear/whyayear_aboutmicrofinance. asp
(last visited Jan. 19, 2006).




n127  See id.




n128  Celia R. Taylor, Microcredit as Model: A Critique of State/NGO Relations,
29 SYRACUSE J. INT'L L. & COM. 303, 313-14 (2002).




n129  G.A. Res. 97, supra note 125, at 1; Taylor, supra note 128, at 317
(quoting G.A. Res. 97, supra note 125, at 1).




n130  Taylor, supra note 128, at 316; see Coleman, supra note 12, at 183-84.




n131  Coleman, supra note 12, at 182.




n132  Taylor, supra note 128, at 319; see Coleman, supra note 12, at 185-86.
Microcredit allows women to bring their activities in the informal market--such
as small scale agriculture--into the formal economy. Taylor, supra note 128, at
319.




n133  See International Year of Microcredit 2005, supra note 126.




n134  See Coleman, supra note 12, at 185-86; Taylor, supra note 128, at 319.




n135  International Year of Microcredit 2005, supra note 126.




n136  Coleman, supra note 12, at 185.




n137  Id. at 185-86.




n138  Id. at 182.




n139  See Grameen, Credit Delivery System,
http://www.grameen-info.org/bank/cds.html (last visited Jan. 19, 2006);
International Year of Microcredit 2005, http://www.yearofmicrocredit.org (last
visited Jan. 19, 2006).




n140  Grameen, Grameen Bank, http://www.grameen-info.org/bank/index.html (last
visited Jan. 19, 2006). Microloan programs can also provide other support
mechanisms for individuals unavailable in larger scale microgrants; for example,
Grameen borrowers are required to abide by the program's social contract, and
attend weekly loan collection meetings. See Coleman, supra note 12, at 184-85.




n141  See TEAP, supra note 9, at 19-20 (discussing the organizational structure
for funding the Nile TMP).




n142  See Coleman, supra note 12, at 183-84.




n143  See id. at 184-85.




n144  See Taylor, supra note 128, at 324-30 (providing an assessment of the
effectiveness of microcredit).




n145  See id. at 324-27.




n146  Coleman, supra note 12, at 181.




n147  Id. at 181-82, 184. Indeed, Secretary-General Kofi Annan openly recognized
the important role microcredit can play in achieving the Millennium Development
Goals. See Press Release, U.N. Secretary-General, supra note 125.




n148  See TEAP, supra note 9, at 19.




n149  See infra Part V.A-C. See generally Herbert G. Blank et al., Assessing the
Impact of Agricultural Water Use Development on Poverty in Sub-Saharan Africa
(Mar. 6, 2003), http://www.worldbank.org/html/fpd/water/waterweek2003/ (follow
"24. Irrigation in Africa" hyperlink; then follow "Assessing the Impact of
Agricultural Water Use Development on Poverty in Sub-Saharan Africa by Herbert
G. Blank, Ruth Meinzen-Dick and Barbara van Koppen" hyperlink) (summarizing, in
presentation slides, the "evidence of the effects on irrigation investment in
sub-Saharan Africa on poverty").




n150  See SADOFF ET AL., supra note 15, at 3.




n151  See generally Blank et al., supra note 149.




n152  See WORLD WATER ASSESSMENT PROGRAMME, U.N. EDUC. SCIENTIFIC & CULTURAL
ORG., EXECUTIVE SUMMARY: WATER FOR PEOPLE WATER FOR LIFE 4 (Mar. 2003),
http://unesdoc.unesco.org/images/0012/001295/129556e.pdf [hereinafter WWAP]
("For humanity, the poverty of a large percentage of the world's population is
both a symptom and a cause of the water crisis.").




n153  See World Water Assessment Programme, U.N. Educ. Scientific & Cultural
Org., Water: It's Attitude that Counts (2005),
http://www.unesco.org/water/wwap/news/wwap_wwd_05.shtml (last visited Jan. 21,
2006). These three principles are proposed by the World Water Development Report
as foci for international discussions on water resources at the Fourth World
Water Forum in Mexico City in 2006. Id.




n154  See infra Part V.A-C.




n155  WWAP, supra note 152, at 4; see id. at 30.




n156  Id. at 4.




n157  See, e.g., ELHANCE, supra note 2, at 53-83; Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2,
at 156.




n158  Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 156.

        A further key development [in increasing cooperation in the Nile
     Basin] was the recognition, through the NBI process, that only a
     shared basin-wide set of normative principles would legitimize
     particular project activities by ensuring a perspective that was
     inclusive of the identities and interests of all basin states. At the
     same time, the states recognized that regional or sub-basin projects
     were more likely than basin-wide projects to generate concrete results
     that would, in turn, lend greater legitimacy to the governing
     principles by showing them to be effective. In sum, it was not
     possible to promote "action on the ground" before a shared framework
     of principles had been elaborated and inclusive processes of
     discussion had been created.


Id.




n159  See Christopher Huggins, African Ctr. for Tech. Studies, Rural Water
Tenure in East Africa, BASIS PUBL'N, May 2000, at 1, 4 (2000),
http://www.ies.wisc.edu/ltc/live/bashorn0005a.pdf.




n160  See generally id. (discussing characteristics of indigenous water
management in East Africa and local as well as global trends for water resource
management).




n161  See id. at 5-6.




n162  Id. at 5.




n163  Id. at 7.




n164  Id. at 5.




n165  See Huggins, supra note 159, at 4, 6 Box 1.




n166  Id. at 4 (quoting Anna Sembeo of Oldonyosambu village, Arusha Region,
Tanzania).




n167  See id.




n168  See id.




n169  Id.




n170  Kofi A. Annan, U.N. Secretary-General, Message of the Secretary-General to
Launch the "Water for Life" Decade (Mar. 22, 2005) (transcript and video clip
available at http://www.un.org/waterforlifedecade/).




n171  See infra Part V.B for examples of specific interventions for this
purpose.




n172  See Huggins, supra note 159, at 12 Box 3. Huggins provides an example of
an Oxfam project that went awry due to insufficient hydrological data. See id.
Oxfam helped build a gravity-fed water scheme in a particular village, not
realizing that the water source also fed an underground stream used by a
downstream village. Id. The gravity-fed water scheme cut-off the downstream
riparians from their water source; as a result, the downstream villagers
destroyed the gravity-fed scheme, leaving the village that Oxfam intended to
assist without a protected water source. Id.




n173  See id. at 6 Box 1.




n174  Id.




n175  Id.




n176  Id.




n177  These benefits include "improved healthcare and education." Id.




n178  Huggins, supra note 159, at 6 Box 1.




n179  Id.




n180  See BENVENISTI, supra note 1, at 53-57, 98-99, 198-200.




n181  Id. at 53-57.




n182  Chris Huggins, Water Policy and Law in a Water-Scarce Country:
Implications for Smallholder Irrigation in Kenya, in THE CHANGING FACE OF
IRRIGATION IN KENYA: OPPORTUNITIES FOR ANTICIPATING CHANGE IN EASTERN AND
SOUTHERN AFRICA 277, 280-81 (Herbert G. Blank et al. eds., 2002), available at
http://www.iwmi.cgiar.org/pubs/Book/Part4.pdf.




n183  Id. at 281.




n184  Id.




n185  See Water: It's Attitude that Counts, supra note 153 ("Water . . . link[s]
together . . . human and environmental health, food supply, energy and industry.
. . . Integration of the efforts of governments, institutions, communities and
individuals in addressing water issues is the only way in which to press
forward."). See generally UN-WATER, U.N., WATER FOR LIFE DECADE: 2005-2015
(2005), available at
http://www.un.org/waterforlifedecade/waterforlifebklt-e.pdf.




n186  See Huggins, supra note 182, at 297.




n187  TEAP, supra note 9, at 19.




n188  See id. at 19-20. "It will be encouraged that at least 50% of each
country's microgrants will directly support transboundary activities . . .,
while all single-country projects should clearly be related to transboundary
environmental issues . . . ." Id. at 20.




n189  The cost of building various forms of infrastructure varies widely based
on the technology used. For example, a cart-style movable sprinkler system that
can irrigate thirty hectares may cost approximately $ 15,000 and would easily
fall under the microgrant program if it can be shown to directly affect
transboundary water issues or transboundary cooperation. See Blank et al., supra
note 149. In contrast, the construction of a gravity-fed water scheme can cost
in excess of $ 130,000. See Huggins, supra note 159, at 12 Box 3.




n190  See TEAP, supra note 9, at 19 ("Special emphasis will be given to include
women and women's groups in the decision making and the activities within this
Program."); infra Part V.B (discussing why the inclusion of women in water
planning and management is essential to cultivating sustainable use practices).




n191  See TEAP, supra note 9, at 19-23 (discussing the institutional
organization for Nile TMP). In general, the Nile TMP will "draw on the best
practice model of the UNDP GEF Small Grants Programme . . . although the
specific arrangements will vary by country." Id. at 19. The organization of the
microgrant program requires a grant application and institutional oversight or
participation through a Microgrant Lead Specialist in each country. Id. at
19-20. While some countries will be able to coordinate the Nile TMP with
existing small grants programs, others may not have existing institutional
infrastructure. Id. at 20-21.




n192  See id. at 20.




n193  See id.




n194  See infra Parts V.B--C. Increased fiscal responsibility, increased program
sustainability, and increased individual access are important features leading
to the success of microloan programs; therefore, administering microgrants on an
individual basis would be unlikely to have the same effect as a microloan.




n195  See Partha Dasgupta et al., Preface to THE ECONOMICS OF TRANSNATIONAL
COMMONS, supra note 17, at v, v.




n196  Arun P. Elhance, Geography and Hydropolitics, SWORDS & PLOUGHSHARES,
Winter 1992-93, at 3, 3, available at
http://www.acdis.uiuc.edu/Research/S&Ps/1992-93-Wi/S&P_Wi-92-93.pdf.




n197  See SADOFF ET AL., supra note 15, at 33.




n198  See Dasgupta et al., supra note 195, at v.




n199  Press Release, U.N. Capital Dev. Fund, General Assembly Greenlights
Programme for the International Year of Microcredit 2005: Observance Will
Promote Access to Financial Service and Empowerment of the Poor, Especially
Women, (Dec. 29, 2003) (quoting Kofi Annan, U.N. Secretary-General), available
at http://www.uncdf.org/english/news_and_events/archive/news_year2005.php.




n200  See Coleman, supra note 12, at 184-85.




n201  See WWAP, supra note 152, at 4.




n202  See BENVENISTI, supra note 1, at 12-13.




n203  See generally WWAP, supra note 152.




n204  See SADOFF ET AL., supra note 15, at 33; UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 5.




n205  See Huggins, supra note 159, at 18 Box 5.




n206  Id.




n207  Id.




n208  Id.




n209  See id.




n210  See supra notes 204-09 and accompanying text.




n211  See UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 5.




n212  BENVENISTI, supra note 1, at 12.




n213  WWAP, supra note 152, at 4; see id. at 11.




n214  Id. at 4.




n215  See UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 5, 8-9.




n216  Id. at 15.




n217  Id. at 5.




n218  See generally U.N. Dep't of Econ. and Soc. Affairs, Interagency Task Force
on Gender & Water, A Gender Perspective on Water Resource and Sanitation,
DESA/DSD/2005/2, (Apr. 14-30 2004) [hereinafter A Gender Perspective], available
at http://www.un.org/esa/sustdev/csd/csd13/documents/bground_2.pdf.




n219  Id. at 4.




n220  UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 5.




n221  A Gender Perspective, supra note 218, at 4.




n222  UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 7.




n223  Id.; see A Gender Perspective, supra note 218, at 4.




n224  UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 7.




n225  A Gender Perspective, supra note 218, at 4.




n226  UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 7; see id. at 5.




n227  Id. at 5.




n228  Id. ("If schools lack adequate sanitation facilities, girls often will not
attend.").




n229  See id. at 5, 7.




n230  See supra notes 214-17 and accompanying text.




n231  A Gender Perspective, supra note 218, at 4.




n232  See TEAP, supra note 9, at 19.




n233  See UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 7. The "central role of women is often
overlooked in efforts to improve management of water resources and extend access
to adequate sanitation. Women often have no voice in decisions about the kind of
services they receive." Id.




n234  See TEAP, supra note 9, at 19-20 (addressing the scope of the Nile TMP).




n235  See U.N. Capital Dev. Fund, Basic Facts About Microfinance,
http://www.uncdf.org/english/microfinance/facts.php (last visited Jan. 22,
2006).




n236  See Coleman, supra note 12, at 184; Press Release, U.N. Secretary-General,
supra note 125, at 184 ("Microfinance is not charity. . . . It is recognition
that poor people are the solution, not the problem. It is a way to build on
their ideas, energy, and vision. It is a way to grow productive enterprises, and
so allow communities to prosper."). It is not appropriate, however, to provide
microcredit under conditions that "pose severe challenges to loan repayment."
International Year of Microcredit 2005, supra note 126. "In these cases, grants,
infrastructure improvements or education and training programmes are more
effective." Id.




n237  My uncle, a farmer in rural India, did precisely this when he received a
small camera as a present from my mother. As a result, he was able to generate a
profit regularly.




n238  Taylor, supra note 128, at 318. This practice was originally launched by
Grameen Telecom. Id. The United Nations International Year of Microcredit
recounts a similar story:


     Fatima Serwoni lives in the village of Namunsi in Uganda and runs a
     small store, selling food and household items. She has built her
     business with the help of a series of loans from FOCCAS, a local
     microfinance institution. Since becoming a client, she has increased
     her weekly income by 80 per cent and has consistently paid the school
     fees for her four children. With her most recent loan, Fatima
     purchased a mobile phone kit to start a payphone business, becoming
     one of the first "village phone operators" of MTN village Phone, an
     initiative of Grameen Foundation USA and MTN Uganda. Undeterred by the
     lack of electricity in her village, Fatima uses a car battery to
     charge her phone. With the nearest public payphone more than four
     kilometres away, people in Fatima's community are happy to have
     convenient and affordable telephone access for the first time. Fatima
     is pleased with her new business, which has the added benefit of
     attracting people to her store and generating greater profit to share
     with her family.


INTERNATIONAL YEAR OF MICROCREDIT 2005, U.N., MICROFINANCE AND MICROCREDIT: HOW
CAN $ 100 CHANGE AN ECONOMY? (2004), available at
http://www.yearofmicrocredit.org/docs/MicrocreditBrochure_eng.pdf.




n239  INTERNATIONAL YEAR OF MICROCREDIT 2005, supra note 238.




n240  See UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 15.




n241  See generally Blank et al., supra note 149.




n242  Id. at 3.




n243  Id. at 9.




n244  Id.




n245  See id.




n246  See id.




n247  See Blank et al., supra note 149, at 9.




n248  See UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 15.




n249  See supra Part V.A-B.




n250  See UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 11 ("a greater effort is needed to help
farmers around the world produce more food of better quality with less water and
less stress on the environment.").




n251  Blank et al., supra note 149, at 9.




n252  See id. at 3.




n253  UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 11 ("Though more productive than rain-fed
agriculture, irrigation is coming under close scrutiny for its relatively poor
yield considering the resources used.").




n254  WORLD WATER ASSESSMENT PROGRAMME, U.N. EDUC. SCIENTIFIC & CULTURAL ORG.,
THE U.N. WORLD WATER DEVELOPMENT REPORT: WATER FOR PEOPLE WATER FOR LIFE 133
(2003), available at http://www.unesco.org/water/wwap/wwdr/table_contents.shtml
[hereinafter WWDR].




n255  The dual goal of poverty eradication and environmental sustainability can
only be met if "more food of better quality with less water and less stress on
the environment" can be produced. UN-WATER, supra note 185, at 11.




n256  Blank et al., supra note 149, at 3.




n257  See supra notes 91-96 and accompanying text.




n258  Brunnee & Toope, supra note 2, at 121 (discussing the problems of
"seemingly more efficient high-yielding crop varietals that demand much more
water than traditional crops"). This could also be combined with programs to
discourage overfarming. For example, increased education and awareness about the
harms of overfarming--perhaps funded by microgrant--combined with alternative
livelihood opportunities--funded by microloan--can encourage crop rotation and
other sustainable farming activities.




n259  See JACQUELINE SIMS, WORLD HEALTH ORG., ANTHOLOGY ON WOMEN, HEALTH AND
ENVIRONMENT 83 (1994), available at
http://www.who.int/docstore/peh/archives/women/women_health_and_environment.htm
(follow "Domestic Fuel Shortage and Indoor Air Pollution" hyperlink).




n260  Huggins, supra note 159, at 10.




n261  SIMS, supra note 259, at 85.


     Because they cannot afford the kind of stoves needed to burn more
     efficient fuels, the poor continue to rely on woodfuels even though
     their cost is as high or higher than kerosene, gas or electricity
     [even for the urban poor]. Official subsidies often favour modern
     fuels, overlooking the inability of the poor to either switch to a
     modern fuel or support the costs of tradional [sic] fuels. Measures
     are therefore urgently needed to enable poor urban households to meet
     their minimum basic energy needs.


Id. Women also expend significant amounts of time collecting woodfuels, which
are less energy efficient than modern fuels. See id. at 83-84. Additionally,
women are more likely to suffer from upper-respiratory distress when cooking
with woodfuels due to kitchen smoke. See id. at 98-100.




n262  See U.N. DEV. PROGRAMME, GENERATING OPPORTUNITIES: CASE STUDIES ON ENERGY
AND WOMEN at 53-60, U.N. Sales no. E.00.III.B.2 (Salome Mixana & Gail V.
Karlsson, eds., 2001) (discussing implementation of biomass briquette program in
Malawi), available at
http://www.undp.org/energy/publications/2001/files_2001a/Generating_opp_full.pdf
.




n263  See id. (discussing how making biomass briquettes was and
income-generating activity for women in Malawi).




n264  See id. at 21.




n265  See David Herring, Power to the People: How Satelite Data Help Us Exploit
Nature's Renewable Energy Resources, EARTH OBSERVATORY 4,
http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/Study/RenewableEnergy/printall.php (last
visited Jan. 22, 2006) (describing efforts to make solar ovens available in the
developing world); Mass. Inst. of Tech., D-Lab Project Portfolio, Sugarcane
Charcoal, http://web.mit.edu/d-lab/portfolio/sugarcanecharcoal.htm (last visited
Jan. 22, 2006) (describing the technology necessary for converting sugarcane
waste into charcoal briquettes).




n266  See U.N. DEV. PROGRAMME, supra note 262.




n267  WWDR, supra note 254, at 130.


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2006 by the New York University Journal of Law
                                   & Business
                         NYU Journal of Law & Business

                                   Fall, 2006

                            3 N.Y.U. J.L. & Bus. 329

LENGTH: 9781 words

STUDENT NOTE: MICROLOANS AS A COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT ACT COMPLIANCE STRATEGY

NAME: Emily Berkman*

BIO: * J.D. 2006, New York University School of Law; L.L.M. (Taxation) Candidate
2007, New York University School of Law. Thanks to Professor Michael Barr for
comments upon an early draft of this Note.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Encouraging commercialization, and the implicit expectation of
sustainability that accompanies it, would be a boon to the microfinance movement
and should be attractive to CRA regulators, whose focus on small business
lending could naturally flow to (and arguably, must include) microlending.  ...
A less optimistic theory questions the value of microcredit if borrowers are a
static group whose need for subsidy is perpetual rather than one-shot, but
microloans may still be justified to encourage borrowers' fiscal responsibility,
or because providing welfare benefits is less costly when done through
microcredit than when handled in another (more traditional) manner.  ... One
study found that over one-third of reporting microfinance organizations had
achieved sustainability, with return on assets of 5.1%.  ... Second, because
peer lending groups take over some costs otherwise attributable to lenders
(e.g., screening of ideas/borrowers and tracking of repayment), to the extent
that U.S. microfinance has not evolved in this direction, its microfinance is
either more expensive to the lender or in need of an alternate cost-reduction
strategy.  ... Community development loans and qualified investments are also
considered, and a general focus on low-and moderate-income borrowers/locales is
encouraged.  ... Conclusion Increased theory on and practice of sustainable
microfinance abroad may have created appropriate conditions for United States
banks to be able to fulfill Community Reinvestment Act obligations through
microlending programs.

TEXT:
 [*329]

   As the poverty remediation strategy of microfinance continues to develop
throughout the world, it has become clear that its best hope for success in
reaching the maximum number of clients and acquiring permanence on the financial
landscape lies in sustainability. Commercial (impliedly, sustainable)
microfinance has not yet emigrated to the United States, but banking regulators
can use their powers under the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") to encourage
such investment. Microfinance and the CRA tackle the same problem: giving
low-income individuals access to banking services otherwise denied them. Since
sustainability can help ensure continued microcredit over the long run,
achieving it is in CRA regulators' interest. Moreover, banks would do well to
consider microfinance as part of their CRA compliance strategy, because it would
exceed the profitability of their existing strategy of providing grants to
nonprofit microlenders.

   It is time for domestic microfinance to take the leap towards sustainability
that has been taken abroad. CRA regulators can pave the way. This Note
recommends that they do so.

   I.

 Sustainable Microfinance Abroad

 Microloans, which developed overseas, are loans directed at poor people for the
initial capitalization of small businesses. n1 These loans are very small. For
example, in 2004 ACCION International cited the average microloan balance in
Latin America and the Caribbean as $ 634 and in Africa as  [*330]  $ 594. n2 A
leading goal in providing these loans is mitigation of the consequences of
poverty, although some organizations also focus on female empowerment. n3

   But various adherents of microcredit may have different strategies or even
visions of what poverty alleviation means. n4 Sustainable microcredit produces
net profits after costs and future development needs (such as product
development). n5 Note that cost of capital (opportunity cost) n6 is not always
incorporated into such definitions. n7 This is problematic as opportunity cost
(keeping in mind equal risk levels) is a standard component of planning
calculations. n8 It is possible that meeting the cost of capital is not a
realistic goal for microlending, n9 and this needs to be recognized as a type of
subsidy. However, given the existence of the (mandatory) CRA, opportunity cost
[*331]  takes on a different light - e.g., microloans need only be as profitable
as the next best CRA alternative. Indeed, sometimes CRA loans have not been held
to a cost-of-capital standard. n10

   Two alternate conceptions of microcredit's function are of interest. One is
that the role of microcredit is to "graduate" borrowers so that they no longer
need special programs. n11 Microcredit need not generate revenues in excess of
its costs so long as the microloan program fulfills its function of moving a
borrower from the initial state (no access to credit) to the improved state
(ability to access traditional forms of credit). n12 A less optimistic theory
questions the value of microcredit if borrowers are a static group whose need
for subsidy is perpetual rather than one-shot, n13 but microloans may still be
justified to encourage borrowers' fiscal responsibility, or because providing
welfare benefits is less costly when done  [*332]  through microcredit than when
handled in another (more traditional) manner. n14

   Clarifying expectations is an important first step because benchmarks for
measuring the success of a microloan program depend upon the goal. n15 Interest
rates and profitability are of vital interest to a program attempting
sustainability, n16 but perhaps less so or even inhibiting to programs with
diverse goals. n17 This goal-setting goes to the heart of what microcredit is
and will be - charitable handout, social development, or successful business -
and makes clear that sustainable microcredit may be as different from
microcredit as microcredit was, initially, from traditional credit.

   As a development strategy microcredit has attracted significant praise. The
United Nations designated 2005 as the "International Year of Microcredit" n18
declaring "that microcredit programmes have successfully contributed to lifting
people out of poverty in many countries around the world." n19 According to the
Microfinance Information eXchange, n20 which collects  [*333]  microfinance
data, leading international microfinance institutions ("MFIs") produce a return
on assets ("ROA") of 2.5%, after accounting for pre-existing program subsidies.
n21 An 8-year study of poverty-stricken Bangladeshis who otherwise lacked credit
access found that Grameen Bank microcredit resulted in being twelve times more
likely to clear the poverty line. n22

   Other analysis is more temperate. Critics claim that microcredit's success in
ameliorating poverty is merely a litany of well-cited anecdotes with little
supporting empirical data. From the same quarter can nonetheless emerge praise
of its ability to achieve other goals like education and health. n23 These are
not unrelated issues. n24

   But while many development strategies are necessarily based entirely on
subsidies, microloans need not be among them. n25 In fact, there is growing
recognition that to best be effected as a development strategy, microfinance
should be self-support ing. n26 This insight is informed by empirical
observation n27 and  [*334]  pragmatic considerations. Pragmatic considerations
include: (1) microlenders being more stable because continued funding depends
only on customer patronage, not donor whims; n28 (2) borrowers will want to
avoid default in order to access new loans in the future (default is more
attractive if an organization's continued existence is uncertain); n29 and (3)
development strategists have grand plans for the reach of microcredit and, given
the finite amount of charitable funding, only commercial capital will fully
support them. n30

   Notwithstanding these insights, sustainability initially sounds like a pipe
dream (although, as will be shown, it is achievable) because microloans are both
more expensive and riskier than other types of loans. This is true for at least
four reasons. First, loan initiation and maintenance cost approximately the same
regardless of loan size, making it increasingly unattractive to make smaller
loans. n31 Second, microloans are  [*335]  repaid at more frequent intervals,
resulting in increased service costs. n32 Third, microloans require additional
expenses including identification of borrowers (generally not necessary for
"normal" loans) and business-related training. n33 Fourth, collateral is often
lacking. n34 Microlenders "use personal contact as a substitute for formal
collateral or computerized credit scoring." n35

   While no efficiency can completely offset microcredit's increased costs, n36
sustainable microfinance does exist. To accomplish this feat, providers have
both raised revenues and cut costs. n37 On the revenue side this amounts to
charging interest that pays for lenders' cost of funds, borrowers' default risk,
and administrative costs. n38 Resulting high fees do not stem demand from
borrowers who are generally thrilled to receive credit at all. n39 Moreover,
even high interest rates may be significantly less expensive than substitute
credit sources, either in terms of money, risk or arduousness. n40

   Cost-cutting requires increasing efficiency, n41 which may be accomplished in
a variety of ways. One method has been to increase the ratio of clients to loan
officers. n42 Another measure is decreasing monitoring costs, provided it does
not reduce portfolio quality. Such balance may be attained if borrowers return
for additional loans; since their credibility has already been proven, there is
less need for monitoring and greater willingness to increase loan size. n43 The
developing  [*336]  world has also dealt with monitoring costs through
"solidarity groups," where borrowers form groups whose loan fates are linked and
who therefore engage in reciprocal monitoring. n44 This allows the lender to
spend less on such activities. n45, n46

   Microlending has been profitable. In 2002, Bank Rakyat Indonesia's
microlending division earned $ 200 million U.S. in profits, n47 and "USAID
reports that nearly half (49%) of the MFIs it assists... are fully financially
sustainable." n48 One study found that over one-third of reporting microfinance
organizations had achieved sustainability, with return on assets of 5.1%. n49
This study cautions against reporting bias (MFIs report their information when
they are performing well). It also suggests that sustainability may be being
implemented by organizations' abandoning the smallest loans and thus their
missions. The study suggests that a portfolio mixing microloans and larger loans
would achieve both social and profit objectives. n50

[*337]

   II.

 United States Microfinance

 The United States was late to the party in terms of domestic microfinance: a
follower rather than a leader. n51 Microcredit was in its infancy in the U.S. in
the 1980's but had been modeled on efforts abroad spearheaded in the 1970s. n52
Definitions of United States microloans are generally capped at $ 25,000 n53 - $
35,000. n54 They have been the province of nonprofits, rather than commercial
institutions. n55

   Statistics illuminate both progress and continuing challenges. In 2002,
microlenders' outstanding balances totaled about $ 98.5 million - though that is
an estimated market penetration of below 1%. n56 ACCION USA claims a 5% default
rate; n57 default rates are a core underpinning of sustainability. n58  [*338]
Microbusinesses generate increased tax receipts and decreased welfare payments.
n59 17.9% of American jobs are in microenterprises. n60 An investment of one
dollar in American microbusinesses returns more than two. n61 Despite this
progress, such studies and statistics have been criticized as possibly
reflecting selection bias in that the programs have targeted entrepreneurs whose
success would have occurred regardless. n62 An appropriately-controlled study
found that microenterprise assistance has no benefit other than reduced periods
of unemployment. n63

   There is demand for more microloans on American soil. Anecdotal evidence is
provided by a new ACCION USA branch in Miami, which lent over $ 754,000 to more
than 100  [*339]  borrowers the year it opened. n64 Less anecdotally, estimated
market penetration of under 1% n65 shows that there is room for banks to move
into the microcredit field, increasing credit available to entrepreneurs.

   It does not follow, however, that banks could enter this field successfully -
even keeping in mind trends from abroad. Microfinance in the United States is a
different process. It often does not include peer lending, n66 possibly due to
the easy availability of credit cards to those with good credit histories. n67
This difference has two implications. First, the demand for microloans in
America may be met entirely through the availability of credit cards n68
(although the existence of a healthy nonprofit microcredit industry suggests
that this is not the case). Second, because peer lending groups take over some
costs otherwise attributable to lenders (e.g., screening of ideas/borrowers and
tracking of repayment), to the extent that U.S. microfinance has not evolved in
this direction, its microfinance is either more expensive to the lender or in
need of an alternate cost-reduction strategy. n69 Moreover, American borrowers
may not be as well prepared for entrepreneurship. n70 Another challenge involves
easily-lost welfare benefits if microbusinesses boost borrower assets or income
above a very low ceiling. n71 This dampens the desire to grow business, as the
lure of increased income is offset by decreased benefits. n72  [*340]  MFIs are
working to address these issues through, for example, lower asset floors to
qualify for loans. n73 As yet these differences have not resulted in sustainable
or commercialized microfinance domestically. n74, n75 The next Part explores
whether such a concept is possible.

   III.

 Can the U.S. Have Sustainable Microfinance?

 As discussed in Section I, the achievement of sustainable microfinance requires
an examination of revenues and costs. Comparisons between the United States and
the developing world are useful, but the ultimate question is whether domestic
revenues can exceed domestic costs. Since this depends on a confluence of
factors, this Section is composed of more questions than answers.

   In developing nations, banks who offer microloans are generally interested in
profitability, not charity. n76 American banks are similarly profit-driven. n77
Developing-nation bank motives might also include competition and public
relations. n78



     [Developing-world] Banks bring several competitive advantages to
     microfinance, as they: are experienced in managing a number of
     financial risks, including interest rate, liquidity, maturity, foreign
     exchange, and credit risks; are used to  [*341]  raising their own
     funds via a combination of savings mobilization, capital market
     borrowing, and equity contributions; have extensive retail
     distribution networks of branch offices, sub-offices, and electronic
     banking outlets; offer a wide range of savings, credit, and payment
     services; and adhere to prudential norms for sound ownership,
     governance, and management practices that foster a balance between
     maintenance of financial soundness and the pursuit of profits. n79

   Two of these characteristics bear special comment. Financing through savings,
debt, and equity assures that banks will be more stable and continuing sources
of microloans which need not rely on "scarce and volatile donor resources" as
nonprofit lenders must do. n80 Also, for-profit banks are set up in such a way
that sustainability/profitability is promoted. n81

   Turning to the revenue portion of the sustainability equation, interest rate
ceilings exist in the United States. n82 Ceilings severely infringe
revenue-raising efforts and, thus, are generally detrimental to sustainability.
n83 At least one bank has suggested that abolished ceilings influenced its
decision to become involved with microfinance. n84 Even where ceilings are not a
factor, excessive interest rates - especially levied on the least well-off -
look bad. n85 Both these barriers must be overcome to allow sustainable
microfinance on American soil, but it is possible to do so.

   Typically, U.S. microentrepreneurs borrow larger amounts than those abroad.
n86 This could be positive for sustainability  [*342]  because one issue with
microfinance is the disproportionate costs smaller loans incur. n87 However, the
more important comparison is between a domestic microloan's size relative to the
domestic banking industry's typical loan size. This is because American banks
would likely focus on cost comparisons to existing domestic business rather than
microlending in the developing world. The 2004 mean size of CRA small business
loans was $ 36,200; n88 this compares to a Small Business Administration
microloan mean of approximately $ 10,500 (cited on the SBA web site as of March
2006). n89

   Costs associated with microlending have been discussed earlier in this Note.
They include the cost of funds, the borrower's default risk, and administrative
costs. n90 Note that opportunity cost will be fixed. Again, how these costs
might differ from microfinance as practiced in the developing world merely
illustrates the broader point. Given that some microfinance organizations abroad
have managed to make total revenues exceed total costs, could U.S. banks achieve
the same result? Pragmatic experience (that CRA regulators could incentivize)
can answer this question.

   IV.

 The Community Reinvestment Act

 The CRA was passed in 1977. n91 It is part of the broader Housing and Community
Development Act of 1977 n92 and covers all FDIC-insured banks. n93 The
Conference Report noted the government's inability to sustain other community
initiatives (such as those involving housing) without private-sector  [*343]
involvement, including that of banks. Social goals were to be achieved through
funds from the private and public sectors, working together towards unified
goals. n94 The CRA's goal is "to encourage... institutions to help meet the
credit needs of the local communities in which they are chartered consistent
with the safe and sound operation of such institutions." n95 The CRA seeks to
balance a bank's benefits and burdens: banks that profit from community deposits
should be encouraged to extend credit to those same communities. n96

   CRA compliance is enforced through examination, but there is no pre-set pass
mark and no objective guidance as to how agencies consider various bank actions.
n97 A CRA rating of substantial noncompliance need have no immediate legal
consequences. A bank's performance on its CRA assessment will be considered by
regulators if / when the bank attempts to materially change its structure (e.g.,
some mergers, new branches, etc.). n98 At that time, if regulators are
displeased with the bank's CRA performance, the bank can, but will not
necessarily, be prevented from taking its proposed action or required to modify
its behavior. n99 The decision involves no specific guidelines and is at the
regulator's discretion. n100 Additionally, if banks want to utilize powers
granted by the Financial Modernization Act (also known as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act), at least a "satisfactory" grade on the CRA examination is required. n101

    [*344]  Thus, the population of banks who care about the CRA grades are, in
some sense, self-selecting. n102 However,



     [B]anks and thrifts that care about their public reputations or intend
     to acquire other institutions may well be motivated to strive for high
     marks on CRA because no other single measure signals the commitment of
     a bank or thrift to low-and-moder ate income (LMI) borrowers and areas
     as clearly its CRA grade. Moreover, some government agencies and state
     and local governments will only place their deposits with banks that
     have earned high CRA ratings. n103

   Thus, the CRA is not quite as ineffective as it might otherwise seem. n104

   CRA powers are enforced through an analysis of bank activity, the rigor of
which depends upon the size of the bank. The largest bank test, which is the
most rigorous, applies across all four regulatory agencies to banks whose assets
exceed $ 1 billion. n105 Similarly, the test for small banks applies across the
agencies for banks whose assets are under $ 250 million. n106 For banks whose
assets are between $ 250 million and $ 1 billion the regulatory analysis varies
by agency. The Office of Thrift Supervision treats all organizations with under
$ 1 billion in assets as "small savings associations", subject to the same small
bank test as all the agencies use for banks with under $ 250 million in assets.
n107 However, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve, and the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation classify banks whose assets are between $
250 million and $ 1 billion as "intermediate small banks" subject to the small
bank test as well as to an additional community  [*345]  development test. n108
Agency spheres of control depend on bank type. n109

   Pertinently, the large bank test considers the extent of small business
lending (quantity and size of loans) and "the bank's use of innovative or
flexible lending practices in a safe and sound manner to address the credit
needs of low-or moderate-income individuals or geographies." n110 Community
development lending is also considered - that is, loans whose "primary purpose"
is, relevantly, funding "activities that promote economic development by
financing [small] businesses... or activities that revitalize or stabilize
low-or moderate-income geographies." n111 Further, large banks are examined as
to how their qualified investments, including grants, improve credit to the
target populations. n112 Agencies look at the extent of money invested as well
as the investments' "innovativeness or complexity[,]... responsiveness... to
credit and community development needs; and... the degree to which the qualified
investments are not routinely provided by private investors." n113

   Small banks have a simplified test that looks at community development
lending and qualified investments to the extent warranted as well as the
diversification of lending among variously-sized businesses. n114 Intermediate
small banks are subject to an additional community development test which is of
no interest save that it more closely focuses on the "number and amount of
community development loans [and]... qualified investments." n115

    [*346]  Finally, any bank may design its own test. n116 The bank sets its
own goals to better reflect CRA compliance. n117 To avail itself of this option,
the bank must receive community input on the plan and gain regulator assent.
n118 With regard to substance,



     A bank shall address in its plan all three performance categories [of
     the large bank test: lending, investment, services] and... shall
     emphasize lending and lending-related activities. Nevertheless, a
     different emphasis, including a focus on one or more performance
     categories, may be appropriate if responsive to the characteristics
     and credit needs of its assessment area(s), considering public comment
     and the bank's capacity and constraints, product offerings, and
     business strategy. n119

   Again, innovation is emphasized, as are loan amounts, diversified across
variously-sized businesses. Community development loans and qualified
investments are also considered, and a general focus on low-and moderate-income
borrowers/locales is encouraged. n120

   The CRA has changed over time. Initially mortgage-focused, n121 new
regulations in 1995 diverted its attention to small businesses. The shift sprang
partially from


     ...a concern that consolidation in the banking industry was tightening
     credit availability to small businesses generally. The new lending
     tests made clear reference to the mportance of small business lending
     . . . and political will backed these new directives. CRA . . . drew
     attention to small business as a target market, and thus provided
     regulators and watchdogs with new leverage. n122

   With this in mind, we now turn to examining how commercialized microloans
might play a part in CRA compliance.

[*347]

   V.

 The CRA and Microloans

 The CRA and microloans have compatible policy goals. Both seek to provide
low-income individuals with needed small business loans. n123 Microlending can
clearly fit into an effective CRA compliance strategy. Large bank regulations
refer to both the "number" as well as the "amount" of loans and encourage
"innovative" lending. n124 Thus, the necessarily lower dollar amounts of
microloans, which would garner less CRA credit than other alternatives, could be
counterbalanced by the positive ways in which microlending could fulfill the
CRA's mandate.

   That sustainable microlenders find the most success in their development
objectives has already been addressed above. n125 Encouraging commercialization,
and the implicit expectation of sustainability that accompanies it, would be a
boon to the microfinance movement and should be attractive to CRA regulators,
whose focus on small business lending could naturally flow to (and arguably,
must include) microlending. Microfinance has taken root in the United States,
n126 but sustainable and/or commercialized microfinance's place in the U.S. is
much more tenuous. n127 CRA policy goals could dictate a role for regulators:
utilizing their power to encourage the development of commercial microfinance
among American banks.

    [*348]  The CRA is intended to create a win-win situation: community banking
that is profitable. n128 An overwhelming majority of banks' small business
lending (CRA) programs have achieved this goal. n129 Jonathan Zinman's work
demonstrates that the CRA causes, rather than correlates with, higher levels of
lending to small businesses. n130 Microlending can fill the same role that small
business lending currently fills for CRA-subject banks.

   Regulating agencies hold the power. Explicitly encouraging and offering CRA
credit for the creation of commercialized microloan programs would create
awareness and incentives. n131 Initial investments of time and money are
required to learn a new type of business and reap microcredit's potential
long-term profits, n132 but the CRA can be used as a carrot to motivate banks to
incur these costs. Once having done so, it is to be hoped they would continue,
as they would any profit-making activity. n133

   There are existing CRA-specific reasons why banks could benefit from
microlending. Banks have traditionally fulfilled  [*349]  their CRA obligations
through mortgage lending, n134 but according to J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.
Executive Vice President Mark Willis, the mortgage market has become saturated
because of their large numbers. n135 Mr. Willis also suggested that banks be
compelled to turn a profit on their CRA-related activities. n136 Implementation
of a direct microlending program could address both of Mr. Willis' concerns. In
addition to the potential for profitability discussed previously, direct
microlending has advantages over many banks' existing strategy of monetary
grants to intermediary microloan nonprofits (that is, nonprofits who go on to
lend to individuals). n137 Direct lending would allow a bank to exploit an
individual's "graduation" and subsequent ability to utilize traditional forms of
credit. n138 Utilizing nonprofit intermediaries may result in borrowers becoming
more familiar with the intermediary than the granting bank. If they become
capable of accessing traditional financing, they will have no reason to use
their prior lending institution (granting bank), having had little contact with
it. If a bank conducts its own microloan program, borrowers may be more likely
to reuse the bank's services post-graduation due to name recognition and
loyalty. n139 This would allow the bank to capitalize on existing knowledge of
borrowers who have already proven to be good credit risks. This could be viewed
as a  [*350]  return to banks willing to incur microloan costs (above and beyond
interest rates). Conversely, it could be seen as making the microlending program
as a whole less expensive (because further loans could be larger, or
less-monitored, while maintaining a constant interest rate). n140 Moreover,
direct microloans rather than grants to intermediaries allow banks to preserve
significantly more capital, n141 and they can also collect loan interest which
the intermediary organization would otherwise collect. n142

   Large banks must meet the qualified investments test, n143 and
small/intermediate banks also have qualified investments analyzed. n144 These
tests are fulfilled by grants, not lending. n145 But if banks could find other
recipient organizations to fulfill the qualified investment test, then they
would benefit through continued CRA compliance in addition to a new potential
lending market. n146 Microlending differs from lending but it is related;
moreover, characteristics peculiar to banks, including existing infrastructure,
would aid their practice of microcredit. n147

   VI.

 Conclusion

 Increased theory on and practice of sustainable microfinance abroad may have
created appropriate conditions for United States banks to be able to fulfill
Community Reinvestment Act obligations through microlending programs. Although
domestic microfinance has traditionally been carried out by nonprofits, it is
within the province of CRA regulators to incentivize a shift. Such action is
appropriate because the CRA and microlending both focus on low-income
individuals  [*351]  who have difficulty accessing banking services.
Furthermore, sustainability is the key to microcredit's long-term success. Banks
could benefit by shifting their CRA compliance in this direction. To remain CRA
compliant, the grants banks currently make to microcredit organizations could be
replaced by grants to different community development organizations. After all,
microlending specifically plays to banks' lending strengths: both those existing
and those banks have the potential to develop. CRA regulators should incentivize
a movement by banks towards commercialized microfinance. If successful, the CRA
and the institutions it regulates could once again combine to have a significant
social effect.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawBank ActivitiesElectronic BankingGeneral OverviewBanking LawFederal
ActsCommunity Reinvestment ActLabor & Employment LawDisability & Unemployment
InsuranceUnemployment CompensationClaim Procedures

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Lewis D. Solomon, Microenterprise: Human Reconstruction in America's Inner
Cities, 15 Harv. J. L. & Pub. Pol'y 191, 194 (1992). See Kenneth Anderson,
Microcredit: Fulfilling or Belying The Universalist Morality of Globalizing
Markets?, 5 Yale Hum. Rts. & Dev. L.J. 85, 90-91 (2002).





n2.  ACCION International, Key Statistics (2004), available at
http://accion.org/about key stats.asp [hereinafter ACCION International, Key
Statistics]. ACCION International figures prominently among microfinance
programs. Anderson, supra note 2, at 103 n.55.





n3.  See Anderson, supra note 1, at 92, 94; Solomon, supra note 1, at 193.





n4.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 119.





n5.  Jay Rosengard, Banking on Social Entrepreneurship: The Commercialization of
Microfinance, 32 Mondes en Developpement 25, 28 (2004), available at
 http://www.ksg.harvard.edu/cbg/asia/rosengard banking-on-social.pdf.
 The concept of sustainability is further discussed infra notes 25-50 and
associated text. Sustainability is a slippery term; it sometimes also means
merely that incoming revenue including grants exceeds expenses! The Global
Development Research Center, Microcredit and Microfinance Glossary, available at
http://gdrc.org/icm/glossary/index.html#S. It is often difficult to tell how a
given publication is using the term. Consequently, it is used fairly loosely in
this Note to denote where client-generated revenues exceed costs, but this may
or may not include the cost of capital at a given moment. This is less relevant
than it might sound because, as discussed below, CRA lending has not always been
held to a cost-of-capital standard. See infra note 10 and associated text.





n6.  John Downes & Jordan Elliot Goodman, Baron's Financial Guides: Dictionary
of Finance & Investment Terms 123 (5th ed. 1998) [hereinafter Dictionary of
Finance & Investment Terms].





n7.  See Rosengard, supra note 5, at 28; Helms & Reille, infra note 16, at 3.
But see Anderson, supra note 1, at 100 (noting that disproportionate transaction
costs place unsustainable stress on a microloan cost-of-capital analysis for
banks); The Consultative Group to Assist the Poor, Making Sense of Microcredit
Interest Rates, Donor Brief No. 6 (2002), available at http://www.cgap.
org/docs/DonorBrief 06.pdf (interest revenue must factor in the cost of
capital).





n8.  Dictionary of Finance & Investment Terms, supra note 6, at 416.





n9.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 100.





n10.  See Edward M. Gramlich, Governor, Fed. Reserve Bd., Examining Community
Reinvestment, Remarks at Widener University, Chester, Pennsylvania (November 6,
1998), available at
http://www.federalreserve.gov/Boarddocs/Speeches/1998/19981106.htm; but see
Performance and Profitability, infra note 129, at 58 (96% profitability for CRA
small business lending programs). The same report, however, notes that 13% of
institutions have CRA small business lending which is less profitable than its
non-CRA counterpart. Id. Assuming away market exhaustion, this supports the
hypothesis that cost of capital with regards to CRA lending need only take into
account the universe of potential CRA loans.





n11.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 117.





n12.  See Anderson, supra note 1, at 103, 119. Cf. Rosengard, supra note 5, at
33 ("It is essential to match the appropriate model with the organization's
mission ... If the activity is very high risk, for example targeting extremely
marginalized populations or microenterprise start-ups, a subsidized NGO might be
the most suitable institutional model.").





n13.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 118. This need not suggest common defaults. Id.
at 106. It rather contrasts those borrowers in need of one lucky break, which
they can leverage into self-sufficiency/ability to access traditional forms of
credit, and those who will require continuing welfare benefits in the form of
subsidized credit (whose interest rate revenue will generally not make up for
true lending costs) even if they faithfully repay each loan. Id. at 103, 106,
117-18. Of course, Professor Anderson's disbelief in the possibility of
generalized sustainability underlies his conception of all use of microloans,
however long, as involving a subsidy. See id. at 103, 117-18, 118 n.85.





n14.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 118; Michael Tucker & Gerard Miles, Financial
Performance of Microfinance Institutions: A Comparison to Performance of
Regional Commercial Banks by Geographic Regions, 6 Journal of Microfinance 41,
53 (2004).





n15.  See Anderson, supra note 1, at 118-19.





n16.  See Elizabeth Littlefield & Richard Rosenberg, Breaking Down the Walls
between Microfinance and the Formal Financial System, at 1, available at
http://cgap.org/docs/BreakingDownWalls.pdf; Brigit Helms & Xavier Reille,
Interest Rates and Microfinance: The Story So Far, at 2-3 (CGAP Occasional Paper
No. 9, 2004).





n17.  This does not necessarily have to be the case. For example, ACCION USA has
a product called a "credit builder" loan whose goal is to create a positive
credit history for the borrower. On a general level, ACCION USA is also actively
working towards sustainability. Burrus, infra note 51, at 9, 11. The goals are
not functionally incompatible; rather, that factors such as profitability matter
more towards sustainability than they do towards a goal of building credit
histories.





n18.  United Nations General Assembly, Resolution Adopted by the General
Assembly 53/197 International Year of Microcredit, 2005, A/RES/53/197 (22
February 1999).





n19.  United Nations General Assembly, Resolution Adopted by the General
Assembly 53/197 International Year of Microcredit, 2005, A/RES/53/197 (22
February 1999).





n20.  Microfinance Information eXchange, Ten Frequently Asked Questions about
Microfinance, available at http://www.mixmarket.org/en/overview.asp (cited by
United Nations Capital Development Fund, Basic Facts about Microfinance,
available at http://www.uncdf.org/english/microfinance/facts. php) (attributed
to CGAP). CGAP and the MIX are closely related: not only did CGAP supervise MIX
operations through 2005, but CGAP is also a partner in the MIX itself.
Microfinance Information eXchange, The MIX (Microfinance Information eXchange),
available at http://www.themix.org/en/about the mix.html#. The MicroBanking
Bulletin, referred to in this paper, is a project of the MIX. Id.





n21.  Among FDIC-insured depository institutions (those subject to regulation by
the Community Reinvestment Act), ROA was 1.29% in 2005 (with mergers taken into
account); in 2004, this figure was 1.33% (with mergers taken into account). Fed.
Deposit Ins. Corp., The FDIC Quarterly Banking Profile 2 (2005).





n22.  The Global Development Research Center, Microfacts: Data Snapshots on
Microfinance, available at http://www.gdrc.org/icm/data/d-snapshot.html (cited
by United Nations Capital Development Fund, Basic Facts about Microfinance,
available at http://www.uncdf.org/english/microfinance/facts. php).





n23.  Isobel Coleman, Defending Microfinance, 29 WTR Fletcher F. World Aff. 181,
181-82 (2005).





n24.  See Id.





n25.  See Signe-Mary McKernan & Henry Chen, Small Business and Microenterprise
as an Opportunity - and Asset-Building Strategy, at 2 (The Urban Institute
Opportunity and Ownership Project No. 3, June 2005), available at
http://www.urban.org/UploadedPDF/311188 small business.pdf (discussing
microlending in America).





n26.  Rosengard, supra note 5, at 28. This admittedly strong statement should
not be taken to mean that there is no place for organizations that cannot
achieve this goal. Jay K. Rosengard, Doing Well by Doing Good: The Future of
Microfinance via Regulated Financial Institutions, III Inter-American Forum on
Microenterprise, Barcelona, Spain 17-20 October 2000 at 2, available at
http://www.ksg.harvard.edu/cbg/research/j.rosengard forum
doing.well.by.doing.well.pdf [hereinafter Doing Well by Doing Good]. It is
important to "match the model with the mission," id. at 9; inherent risks and
expenses involved in lending to some populations may prevent ever reaching
sustainability (but nonetheless be socially net positive). See id. at 2. But,
while Rosengard posits the necessity of these subsidy-requiring organizations'
existence, he believes that the lion's share of microlending should be done
sustainably. See Doing Well by Doing Good, supra, at 2, but see Tucker & Miles,
supra note 14, at 48 (suggesting a much larger role for nonsustainable MFIs due
to their borrower training objectives).





n27.  Rosengard, supra note 5, at 28, Helms & Reille, supra note 16, at 3
(sustainability equals a sixfold boost in borrower outreach) (citing Blaine
Stephens, Depth of Outreach & Financial Self-Sufficiency (The MIX Data Brief 1,
no. 1, 2004)).





n28.  See Rosengard, supra note 5, at 28.





n29.  Rosengard, supra note 5, at 28. Another incentive not to default might be
legal action against the borrower. But microloans are often so small as to make
costs of such action outweigh benefits. Anderson, supra note 1, at 106 (although
this may not hold in the United States, where loans are larger, see ACCION
International, Key Statistics, supra note 2).





n30.  Marc de Sousa-Shields, Foreword: Making the Transition to Private Capital,
11 MicroBanking Bulletin 1 (Aug. 2005).





n31.  Solomon, supra note 1, at 192. Lenders could, of course, scale down such
costs to reflect the smaller loan size if they wished. The fact that they do not
must be due to the lenders' need for disproportionate monitoring to loan size
(informed by the increased riskiness of microborrowers). Anderson, supra note 1,
at 98, 100.





n32.  Helms & Reille, supra note 16, at 2.





n33.  Solomon, supra note 1, at 195-96, 201; Anderson, supra note 1, at 108 &
n.69.





n34.  Solomon, supra note 1, at 192.





n35.  Helms & Reille, supra note 16, at 2.





n36.  Id. at 3.





n37.  New Actors, infra note 80, at 2-3. Cf. Anderson, supra note 1, at 102
(suggesting this path although generally denigrating the possibility of
sustainable microfinance).





n38.  Helms & Reille, supra note 16, at 3. Helms and Reille advocate strongly
against interest rate ceilings which inhibit lenders' ability to set revenues
greater than microlending costs (and therefore result in fewer microloans). Id.
at 14.





n39.  Id. at 3.





n40.  Id.





n41.  Id.





n42.  Id.





n43.  See Anderson, supra note 1, at 100, 118 n.85. Conversely, ACCION USA
gradually decreases interest rates for proven borrowers. ACCION USA, Frequently
Asked Questions Loan Applications, available at https://secure.accion
usa.org/apply/faq/jsp.





n44.  Solomon, supra note 1, at 196, 198; Mark Schreiner & Gary Woller,
Microenterprise Development Programs in the United States and in the Developing
World, 31 World Development 1567, 1569 (2003).





n45.  Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, at 1569.





n46.  It has also been noted that "savings must play the largest role in the
financing of the sector," de Sousa-Shields, supra note 30, at 1, although "even
successful [microfinance institutions] can find it a struggle to fund
significant portions of their portfolios [from] that source." Id. at 1 (citing
Ann Miles, Financial Intermediation & Integration of Regulated MFIs, 11
MicroBanking Bulletin 9 (2005)). Commercial banks' ability to utilize savings to
fund lending efforts is considered to be one of their advantages in this field.
See Rosengard, supra note 5, at 30.





n47.  Rosengard, supra note 5, at 31.





n48.  Coleman, supra note 23, at 182 n.5. The scalability of such achievements
is, perhaps, uncertain, with claims that sustainability could only be achieved
for a small fraction - 5% - of organizations practicing microfinance overall.
Id. at 181.





n49.  Tucker & Miles, supra note 14, at 47-48. Note that MFIs may be starting
from smaller amounts of equity and/or assets, contributing to the positive
results cited in the text. Id. at 47.





n50.  Id. at 43, 45, 48-49.





n51.  Bill Burrus, President and Chief Executive Officer, Accion USA, Lessons
and Trends of Microcredit in the United States 1-2, available at http://www.
accion.org/file download.asp?f=16.





n52.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 92, The Microenterprise Fund for Innovation,
Effectiveness, Learning, & Dissemination & The Association for Enterprise
Opportunity, Business Capital for Microenterpreneurs Providing Microloans,
Microenterprise Fact Sheet Series Issue 3 (2000), available at http://fieldus.
org/Publications/fact sheet3.pdf, at 1 [hereinafter Business Capital], see
Burrus, supra note 51, at 1.





n53.  Business Capital, supra note 52, at 1.





n54.  United States Small Business Administration, Micro-Loans, available at
http://www.sba.gov/financing/sbaloan/microloans.html (describing the SBA
MicroLoan Program, which works through nonprofit intermediaries).





n55.  Burrus, supra note 51, at 4.





n56.  Id. at 5-6.





n57.  ACCION USA, ACCION USA Annual Report 2004 5, available at
http://www.accionusa.org/atf/cf/[94AE2258-7F09-4D1D-843D-1585EF06D
E5F]/2004.pdf. But see Anderson, supra note 1, at 98 n.38 (suggesting, regarding
international microfinance, that not only may such glowing default rates be less
than accurate, but that poor delinquency rates also cast down the general
proposition claimed), Business Capital, supra note 52, at 7 (denigrating
repayment rates as a sample of microlenders showed portfolios-at-risk between 6%
and 40%).





n58.  Cf. Helms & Reille, supra note 16, at 3 (interest rates must pay for
default risk). It is difficult to cast microloan default rates in a comparative
light; there is no easy control group. Comparisons to prime loans are inapposite
as "conventional sources of business financing are often beyond the reach of
microentrepreneurs." Ass'n for Enterprise Opportunity, AEO 2006 Legislative
Priorities at 2 (2006), available at http://microenterpriseworks.
org/services/policy/PolicyAdvocacy/AdvocacyResuorce/Policy-Paper-2006-combnied-w
eb.pdf. Arguably, comparisons to subprime loans could be considered aspirational
(at this point, subprime loans are part of at least some commercial banks' modus
operandi, see, e.g., Kathleen Day, A Practice That Lends Itself to Trouble,
Wash. Post, Aug. 21, 2001, at E01; Edward M. Gramlich, Remarks at the Financial
Services Roundtable Annual Housing Policy Meeting, Chicago, Illinois (May 21,
2004), available at http://www.federal
reserve.gov/BOARDDOCS/Speeches/2004/20040521/default.htm. If used, it is worth
noting that foreclosures related to mortgage subprime loans are also currently
pegged at 5%, Vikas Bajaj and Ron Nixon, For Minorities, Signs of Trouble in
Foreclosures, New York Times, Feb. 22, 2006, at A1. But see Gramlich, supra
(7.36% serious delinquencies with regards to subprime mortgages in 2003, with
foreclosure rates of 3.38%). Comparisons with predatory lenders clearly set the
bar too low (many such lenders lend with a goal of foreclosure). See Abraham B.
Putney, Rules, Standards, and Suitability: Finding the Correct Approach to
Predatory Lending, 71 Fordham L. Rev. 2102, 2105 (2003).





n59.  Association for Enterprise Opportunity, Microenterprise Development in the
U.S., Economic Independence through Self-Employment: Overview of a Successful
Strategy (2003), available at
http://www.microenterpriseworks.org/about/factsheets/NewAEOMicroFactSheet2-Final
10-03.pdf [hereinafter Microenterprise Development in the U.S.], see also
Association for Enterprise Opportunity, Federal Programs Fact Sheet: Key Federal
Funding - Economic Development & Microenterprise, available at
http://www.microenterpriseworks.org/about/factsheets/FederalProgramsFactSheet.pd
f. But see Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, at 1568 (.1% of welfare recipients
attempting self-employment would leave welfare ranks entirely).





n60.  Jobs that are private and non-farm. Association for Enterprise
Opportunity, Microenteprise Employment Statistics, available at http://www.
microenterpriseworks.org/services/policy/mees/index.htm. Clearly, not every
microenterprise is funded by a microloan.





n61.  Microenterprise Development in the U.S, supra note 59.





n62.  McKernan & Chen, supra note 25, at 5.





n63.  See Id.





n64.  ACCION USA, ACCION USA Annual Report 2003 3 (2003), available at
http://www.accionusa.org/atf/cf/[94AE2258-7F09-4D1D-843D-1585EF06
DE5F]/2003.pdf.





n65.  Burrus, supra note 51, at 6.





n66.  Estimates of organizations using peer lending in any capacity range from
under 17% to 26%. Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, at 1569; Burrus, supra note
51, at 4; Business Capital, supra note 52, at 4.





n67.  Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, at 1570. Note that this paper discusses
only the formal U.S. banking system, and not the informal one (e.g., ethnic
lending, payday lending, loan sharks, etc).





n68.  The Microenterprise Fund for Innovation, Effectiveness, Learning, &
Dissemination (FIELD) has suggested that credit card availability may be
inversely related to levels of microborrowing. Business Capital, supra note 52,
at 4. In the CRA context, increased use of credit cards for small business
purposes has also been noted. A Baseline Report, infra note 101, at 94.





n69.  See Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, at 1569-70.





n70.  McKernan & Chen, supra note 25, at 1.





n71.  Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, at 1570; Richard P. Taub, Lost in
Translation: The Grameen Bank in the United States, available at
http://humdev.uchicago.edu/taubPublications/adaptionAcross.doc.





n72.  Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, at 1570. See also Taub, supra note 71.





n73.  Business Capital, supra note 52, at 5.





n74.  See Burrus, supra note 51, at 4, 11; Microenterprise Development in the
U.S., supra note 59, Microtest, MicroTest FY02 Data Highlights, available at
http://fieldus.org/MicroTest/MTFY2002Data.pdf (last visited March 27, 2006). But
see Jim Wyss, SBA Microloan Program Faces Budgetary Ax, Miami Herald at 17G,
March 6, 2006 (indicating that commercial banks have moved into microlending,
albeit in an extremely limited way), Business Capital, supra note 52, at 6
(showing two programs at self-sufficiency).





n75.  This Note did not study institutions such as Southern Development Bancorp
or ShoreBank, which self-characterize as development bank holding companies.
Both have at least a partial social development bent which is not the primary
focus of this Note.





n76.  Rosengard, supra note 5, at 29; Jennifer Isern & David Porteous,
Commercial Banks and Microfinance: Evolving Models of Success at 2 (Focus Note
No. 28, CGAP, 2005); Doing Well by Doing Good, supra note 26, at 3.





n77.  See Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, at 1578.





n78.  Isern & Porteous, supra note 76, at 5.





n79.  Rosengard, supra note 5, at 30.





n80.  See The Consultative Group to Assist the Poor, Commercial Banks in
Microfinance: New Actors in the Microfinance World, at 2 (Focus No. 12, 1998),
available at http://cgap.org/docs/FocusNote 12.pdf [hereinafter New Actors]. But
see Anderson, supra note 1, at 104 (fundraising efforts continue notwithstanding
self-sufficiency).





n81.  New Actors, supra note 80, at 2.





n82.  See generally Amanda Katherine Sadie Hill, State Usury Laws: Are They
Effective in a Post-GLBA World?, 6 N.C. Banking Inst. 411 (2002).





n83.  See MicroTest, MicroTest Measures and Definitions, at 8 (2006), available
at http://fieldus.org/MicroTest/MTMeasures05.pdf; Helms & Reille, supra note 16,
at 1.





n84.  Isern & Porteous, supra note 76, at 5.





n85.  New Actors, supra note 80, at 3.





n86.  ACCION International, Key Statistics, supra note 2 (citing average loan
balance of $ 634 in Latin America and the Caribbean, $ 594 in Africa, and $
3,647 in the United States). In the Small Business Association MicroLoan
Program, borrowers generally receive about $ 10,500. United States Small
Business Administration, Micro-Loans, available at http://www.
sba.gov/financing/sbaloan/microloans.html [hereinafter Small Business
Administration, Micro-Loans] .





n87.  Solomon, supra note 1, at 192; Helms & Reille, supra note 16, at 2-3.





n88.  Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, Reports - Findings
from Analysis of Nationwide Summary Statistics for 2004 Community Reinvestment
Act Data Fact Sheet (2005), available at http://www. ffiec.gov/hmcrpr/cra
fs04.htm.





n89.  Small Business Administration, Micro-Loans, supra note 86.





n90.  See supra note 38 and associated text.





n91.  12 U.S.C.A. §2901.





n92.  Pub. L. No. 95-128, 1977 HR 6655, 91 Stat 1111.





n93.  12 U.S.C.A. §§2901, 2902, 1813.





n94.  H.R. Conf. Rep. 95-634, Pub. L. 95-128, at 76, reprinted in 1977
U.S.C.C.A.N. 2965, 2995.





n95.  12 U.S.C.A §2901.





n96.  12 U.S.C.A. §2901.





n97.  12 U.S.C.A. §2903, 12 C.F.R. §25, App. A. Because the four agencies'
regulations are in large part the same for the largest banks, citations to the
Comptroller of the Currency regulations ( 12 C.F.R. §25.11 et. seq.) will stand
for all four agencies' regulations unless stated otherwise. Differences in the
small/intermediate bank tests will be discussed infra at nn. 105-115 and
associated text. Cf. Richard D. Marsico, The New Community Reinvestment Act
Regulations: An Attempts at Implementing Performance-Based Standards, 49
Consumer Fin. L.Q. Rep. 47, 50 (1995) (characterizing some CRA ratings as
"failing" - at least, the "substantial noncompliance" rating - but also noting
the lack of enforcement authority to sanction such grades).





n98.  12 U.S.C.A. §§2902, 2903(a).





n99.  12 C.F.R. §25.29(d).





n100.  12 C.F.R. §25.29(d).





n101.  Robert E. Litan, Nicolas P. Retsinas, Eric S. Belsky, & Susan White Haag,
U.S. Dep't of the Treasury, The Community Reinvestment Act After Financial
Modernization: A Baseline Report 11 (2000) [hereinafter A Baseline Report].





n102.  See Eric S. Belsky, Michael Schill and Anthony Yezer, Joint Center for
Housing Studies, Harvard University, The Effect of the Community Reinvestment
Act on Bank and Thrift Home Purchase Mortgage Lending 5 (2001).





n103.  Id. (emphasis added).





n104.  Id., See also Zinman, infra note 121, at 6-7 (further specifying costs of
delayed/modified applications - whatever the result - including decreased
goodwill).





n105.  12 C.F.R. §§ 25.12, 25.21, 563e.12.





n106.  12 C.F.R. §§25.12, 25.21, 25.26, 563e.12, §563e.26.





n107.  12 C.F.R. §§563e.12, 563e.26, 25.12, 25.26.





n108.  12 C.F.R. §§25.12, 25.26, contra §§563e.12, 563e.26 (with no intermediate
small bank category and no community development test).





n109.  12 U.S.C.A. §2902.





n110.  12 C.F.R. §25.22.





n111.  12 C.F.R. §§25.22, 25.12. Also, all agencies consider as community
development those loans whose primary purpose is revitalizing or stabilizing
certain "distressed or underserved nonmetropolitan middle-income geographies."
12 C.F.R. §25.12.





N112.  12 C.F.R. §§25.21, 25.23, 25.12. The "primary purpose" of such
investments must be the same as that of community development lending.  12
C.F.R. §25.12.





n113.  12 C.F.R. §25.23.





n114.  12 C.F.R. §§25.21, 25.26, 563e.26.





n115.  12 C.F.R. §§25.26, contra §563e.26 (having no community development
test).





n116.  12 C.F.R. §25.21.





n117.  See 12 C.F.R. §25.27.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Id.





n120.  Id.





n121.  Jonathan Zinman, The Efficacy and Efficiency of Credit Market
Interventions: Evidence from the Community Reinvestment Act, at 5 (2002),
available at http://www.jchs.harvard.edu/publications/governmentprograms/cra02-2
zinman.pdf.





n122.  Id. at 8-9 (citations omitted).





n123.  12 U.S.C.A. §2903, 12 C.F.R. §§25.21, 25.22, 25.26, 563e.26. Zinman,
supra note 121, at 5; Burrus, supra note 51, at 2.





n124.  12 C.F.R. §§25.22. Both small banks' and intermediate small banks'
"record of lending to ... business ... of different sizes" is considered, 12
C.F.R. §§25.26, 563e.26, and strategic plan appraisal includes "the extent and
breadth of lending ... including, as appropriate, the distribution of loans
among ... businesses ... of different sizes." 12 C.F.R. §25.27.





n125.  See supra note 26 and associated text.





n126.  See supra note 56 and associated text. In 2002, there were 230 U.S.
microlenders (although the field is heavily occupied by a few giants). Burrus,
supra note 51, at 6.





n127.  See Burrus, supra note 51, at 4, 11; Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44,
at 1577-78; Business Capital, supra note 52, at 7. But see Jim Wyss, SBA
Microloan Program Faces Budgetary Ax, Miami Herald, March 6, 2006, at 17G
(indicating that commercial banks have moved into microlending, albeit in a
limited way - 36,000 such loans were made in FY 2005 utilizing the SBA's 7(a)
program).





n128.  Community Reinvestment Act Regulations, 60 Fed. Reg. 22,156, 22,163 (May
4, 1995).





n129.  Report by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, The
Performance and Profitability of CRA-Related Lending 58 (2000) (surveying only
the nation's 500 largest banks).





n130.  Zinman, supra note 121, at 32.





n131.  Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, also argue that regulators should
motivate banks towards microlending. Their approach essentially rests on a view
of nonprofit microfinance as potential creator of an externality. For-profit
lenders, in internalizing costs, will be more efficient microlenders. Id. at
1577-78. This is probably true. My point, however, is broader. It is not merely
that commercialized finance is more likely to be sustainable (with attendant
positive consequences to the industry itself, see supra note 26 and associated
text), nor merely that the CRA, as Schreiner & Woller obliquely refer, can
achieve this goal. Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, at 1578. It is that CRA
regulators should push this goal because best practices for microfinance align
well with CRA initial goals, current regulatory focus, and current
implementation conditions for banks. See supra notes 26, 95-96, 110, 114, 120,
122, and infra notes 134-35.





n132.  Isern & Porteous, supra note 76, at 2, 7; Doing Well by Doing Good, supra
note 26, at 9; Rosengard, supra note 5, at 30. Although generally positive about
commercializing microfinance, Rosengard does point out that attempts often fail
where banks have neglected to pay attention to a variety of factors. See id. at
31-32; Doing Well by Doing Good, supra note 26, at 9.





n133.  See Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, at 1577-78.





n134.  See Hannah Karp, DC Speaks: JPM Chase Exec: CRA Model Must Move Beyond
Mortgages, American Banker, April 25, 2003, at 1.





n135.  Id.





n136.  Id.





n137.  See William Burrus, Microlending: How ACCION USA Partners with Commercial
Banks, available at http://www.accion.org/file download.asp?f=3 [hereinafter
Microlending] (ACCION has many bank funders). Note that regulating agencies do
prescribe certain precautionary measures for a bank whose portfolios are heavily
invested in subprime loans. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation,
Office of Thrift Supervision, Expanded Guidance for Subprime Lending Programs
(2001), available at
http://www.federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/srletters/2001/sr0104a1.pdf. Floors for
reserves directly impact microcredit profitability because money otherwise
available for lending/ profitmaking is held back from economic use. New Actors,
supra note 80, at 2.





n138.  See supra notes 11-12 and associated text.





n139.  Cf. Solomon, supra note 1, at 217-18 (suggesting the same for banks who
work one step removed). However, given that multiple banks might support a
nonprofit microlender, see supra note 137, I believe these positive synergies
could only be gained by direct microlending by banks.





n140.  Cf. Anderson, supra note 1, at 118 n.85 (making the same point in the
nonprofit context).





n141.  A Baseline Report, supra note 101, at 30.





n142.  See Burrus, supra note 51, at 11.





n143.  12 C.F.R. §25.23.





n144.  12 C.F.R. §§25.26, 563e.26.





n145.  12 C.F.R. §25.12.





n146.  Cf. Schreiner & Woller, supra note 44, at 1578 (advocating that because
of banks' lending expertise, they should be foreclosed from using grants to
microfinance organizations to pass the CRA qualified investments test).





n147.  See supra note 79 and associated text.


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright (c) 2014 Hastings Business Law Journal
                         Hastings Business Law Journal

                                  Summer, 2014

                         Hastings Business Law Journal

                           10 Hastings Bus. L.J. 451

LENGTH: 11761 words

STUDENT NOTE: Microlending: State Regulatory Reforms to Promote Economic and
Employment Growth in California

NAME: Deanna Chea*

BIO: * J.D. Candidate, University of California, Hastings College of the Law,
2014. Thank you very much to colleagues who have provided invaluable comments
and conversations regarding this Note. I also wish to express my deepest
gratitude for my tremendously loving and supportive family and friends.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  "Microcredit," synonymous with "microloans," are generally much smaller
than conventional bank loans, require no collateral or unconventional collateral
(usually insufficient to cover a lender's loss in case of default), and
borrowers are typically self-employed or informally employed.  ... Worldwide,
Accion has served 5.1 million clients in thirty-one countries through
sixty-three MFIs and has issued over $ 9.9 billion in microloans.  ... An
increasing number of commercial microcredit providers, including commercial
banks that alter their traditional lending practices, credit unions, and
commercialized NGOs licensed as financial institutions, are extending
microloans.  ... Some of these microlending organizations include MFI-focused
groups, community based organizations, credit unions, and centers at
universities.  ... Furthermore, nearly three-fourths of microentrepreneurs rely
on their businesses as their primary sources of income.  ... Loan repayment
rates are lower in U.S. markets and microlenders have failed to reach the level
of self-sufficiency and sustainability that many international MFIs have
attained.  ... While excessively high interest rates are ostensibly an
undesirable feature of microloans from these private lenders, the exemption
brings attention to the need for more microlending.

HIGHLIGHT: Microlending has earned a great deal of acclaim for alleviating
poverty and facilitating self-sufficiency among entrepreneur recipients of
microloans, particularly in developing countries. The microlending structure has
been repeatedly replicated and tailored to successfully meet each community's
unique needs. As one of the most socio-economically, geographically, and
culturally diverse states in the United States, California can reap the benefits
of microlending with careful development of proper infrastructure. This note
examines the history of microlending, provides an overview of the current
economic state of California, and proposes a number of state legislative and
regulatory reforms to create a sustainable and robust microlending framework. In
arguing that microlending is an effective potential tool to facilitate optimal
economic recovery and growth, post-housing bubble recession, this paper seeks to
promote further research and exploration of microlending in the California
context.

TEXT:
 [*451]  I. INTRODUCTION

 Microlending is a single financial product under the larger umbrella of
microfinance - the provision of formal financial services to those in poverty
and others who are systematically excluded from the traditional financial
system. n1 Microfinance embraces a broad array of credit products, as well as
savings, money transfers, and insurance. n2  [*452]  "Microcredit," synonymous
with "microloans," are generally much smaller than conventional bank loans,
require no collateral or unconventional collateral (usually insufficient to
cover a lender's loss in case of default), and borrowers are typically
self-employed or informally employed. n3

   While the microfinance and microcredit phenomena are more frequently
associated with efforts to end poverty abroad, microlending has great potential
in California. As one of the most robust and socio economically, geographically,
and culturally diverse states in the country, microcredit is particularly
well-suited to promote self-sufficiency among low-income Californians, stimulate
the state's economy, and provide a sustainable, profitable, socially conscious
local investment tool. This note provides a history of microlending, an analysis
of California's economic and employment conditions, and proposes legislative and
regulatory reforms that will aid in achieving these outcomes in the California
context.

   II. BACKGROUND

   A. Microcredit in Developing Countries

   1. History

 Microlending has existed for hundreds of years. n4 Accion International
("Accion"), a premier microfinance organization, and Muhummad Yunus, the founder
of the Grameen Bank, however, both claim to have independently pioneered the
concept of microcredit. n5

   In 1973, an organization under Accion began issuing small loans to
micro-entrepreneurs in Brazil after observing that the major cause of poverty in
Latin America was a lack of economic opportunity. n6 The experiment was a
success with a repayment rate of 99.5 percent. n7 Within four years, 885 loans
were issued, creating or stabilizing over 1,300 new jobs. n8 Over the following
decade, Accion successfully  [*453]  extended its microfinance programs to
thirteen other countries in Latin America, with a repayment rate of ninety-seven
percent. n9 As of February 2013, Accion operates an expansive network with
presence in Latin American and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia, and the United
States. n10

   In the 1970s, Yunus began a pilot program in his native country of
Bangladesh. n11 The program issued small loans to poor, rural women to fund
their entrepreneurial endeavors in order to create self-sustaining sources of
income. n12 To participate, the women were required to join a small group,
attend regular meetings, and adhere to the program's guidelines. n13 Unlike
conventional lending models that require borrowers to meet a standard set of
criteria establishing creditworthiness in addition to traditional collateral,
the program employed a peer lending approach. n14 All members were held jointly
accountable to one another in the event that a single member defaulted. n15 The
pilot project was a success: It turned out that the women were highly reliable
borrowers, resourceful entrepreneurs, and invested in the health and well-being
of their families. n16

   2. Success

 With commercial banks in developing countries serving less than twenty percent
of the population, n17 microcredit programs are critical in providing access to
basic financial services, otherwise unavailable through conventional banking
institutions, to the poor. n18 The primary purposes behind microlending are to
allow recipients to create an asset base, enhance their income, and protect
themselves against risk of income flow interruption. n19 Loans are typically
used for income generating activities, including small-scale enterprise
development and agriculture. n20

    [*454]  Since Yunus' pilot project and the development of Accion,
microfinancing has evolved to cover a menu of banking and financial services,
including savings accounts, consumption/emergency loans, insurance, and business
education. n21 These products, in addition to Yunus's peer-lending microcredit
model, have since been replicated around the world. n22 Millions of
microentrepreneurs have received billions of dollars in microloans to start and
expand their businesses. n23 With repayment rates of over ninety percent, these
microlenders have enjoyed great success and have become self-sufficient. n24

   Celebrated as a tool to eliminate poverty, microcredit has gained high esteem
and recognition abroad. n25 The U.N. declared the year 2005 to be the
International Year of Microcredit; Muhammad Yunus and the Grameen Bank were
co-recipients of the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 for economic and social
development; and Yunus was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2009 for
his work in poverty alleviation. n26 Worldwide, Accion has served 5.1 million
clients in thirty-one countries through sixty-three MFIs and has issued over $
9.9 billion in microloans. n27 The Grameen Foundation has helped 9.4 million
microentrepreneurs internationally and enjoys a repayment rate between
ninty-five percent and ninety-eight percent. n28

   3. Current State

 Today, nongovernmental organizations ("NGOs") and donor groups comprise the
majority of microlenders in developing countries. n29 An increasing number of
commercial microcredit providers, including commercial banks that alter their
traditional lending practices, credit unions, and commercialized NGOs licensed
as financial institutions, are extending microloans. n30 Microfinance
institutions ("MFIs") are formal institutions primarily in the business of
providing financial services to  [*455]  the poor. n31 Most seek funding from
international development banks, the government, and to a smaller degree,
private investors, in order to secure self-sufficiency. n32

   B. Microcredit in the United States

   1. History

 Similarly modeled after Accion and the Grameen Bank, microlending in the United
States began in the 1980s. n33 By the early 1990s, MFIs spread throughout the
country, leading a presence of at least 108 nonprofit leaders, in addition to
state and national trade associations. n34 In 1991, the Small Business
Administration recognized microenterprise as its own category of business and
established the Microloan Demonstration Project. n35 By 1995, however, no
microlender broke even in their microlending efforts, essentially operating as a
charity. n36 In 1999, the Program for Investment in Microentrepreneurs ("PRIME")
Act was passed, increasing federal funding for microlending programs, but
funding was drastically cut during the Bush administration from 2001 to 2005.
n37

   The presence of microbusinesses in the United States, defined as businesses
with zero to four employees, has grown significantly. n38 Between 2002 and 2009,
the number of microbusinesses increased 16.96 percent, growing from 21.5 million
to 25.1 million. n39 Additionally, the country experienced a steady growth in
the presence of microbusinesses from 86.7 percent to 88.19 percent over this
time period. n40

[*456]

   2. Current State

 In 2009, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ("ARRA") expanded the SBA's
Microloan program, designating an additional $ 50 million for loans and $ 24
million for technical assistance. n41 The fiscal year 2009 appropriated $ 20
million for loans and $ 20 million for technical assistance. n42 Microlenders
may receive up to $ 3.5 million in low-cost loans from the SBA to finance their
lending to small businesses. n43 Funds under this Act have averaged $ 3.1
million over 2010 and 2011. n44

   The overwhelming majority of microcreditors in the U.S. are non-profit
organizations that serve as local intermediaries for federal funds. n45 Some of
these microlending organizations include MFI-focused groups, community based
organizations, credit unions, and centers at universities. n46 The Accion U.S.
Network is the largest U.S. microlending network, having issued over 43,000
loans and $ 350 million since its inception in 1994. n47 The average loan size
from Accion U.S. is $ 10,049. n48 The organization has enjoyed a loan repayment
rate of ninty percent. n49 Accion East and West Online, part of the Accion U.S.
Network, issues loans with interest rates between eight percent and fifteen
percent, which are more costly than prime-rate commercial loans, but far more
affordable than financing with credit cards, invoice factoring companies, or
payday loans. n50 Grameen America is one of the fastest growing MFIs in the U.S.
n51 Since its inception in 2008, Grameen America has invested $ 66.2 million in
13,565 loan recipients. n52 Its interest rate is fifteen percent on a declining
balance. n53 The organization reports repayment information to credit bureaus,
[*457]  thereby improving borrowers' credit scores. n54

   A smaller number of nonprofit organizations operate independently from the
government. n55 Generally, U.S. microlenders do not adopt the peer lending
approaches that are used by lenders abroad. n56

   Alternative microlending structures have emerged in recent years. n57 Kiva
and MicroPlace are two leading, exclusively online, platforms that make
microloans available to individual lenders and to microentrepreneurs. n58 Kiva
adopts a "person-to-person" lending model, whereby lenders select a cause of
their choice and lend as little as $ 25. n59 Lenders can monitor the progress of
their loan recipient via email updates. n60 As the principal funds are returned
to the lender, the money becomes available to relend or withdraw as the lender
wishes. n61 Lenders do not receive an additional return or interest for money
loaned. n62 Thus, Kiva essentially operates as a nonprofit intermediary in an
informal lending setting.

   MicroPlace, on the other hand, offers investment opportunities for individual
lenders for as low as $ 20. n63 Under MicroPlace, an additional intermediary is
added to the lending process. MicroPlace connects individual lenders to
organizations, or "issuers," who offer short-term notes for purchase. n64 The
issuers then forward the proceeds to microborrowers for use in their
enterprises. n65 Borrowers' loans generate interest between 0.5 percent to 4.5
percent after the notes mature; loans mature between three months and to five
years. n66 Issuers include privately operated, nonprofit, and cooperative
organizations. n67

   As of April 2011, there are approximately 25.5 million microbusinesses in the
United States. n68 Despite this growing presence, a  [*458]  significant portion
of microentrepreneurs remain underserved, particularly women, Black, Latino, and
Native American owned businesses. n69 Furthermore, nearly three-fourths of
microentrepreneurs rely on their businesses as their primary sources of income.
n70 As of 2009, less than one percent of microentrepreneurs have received
microloans to date. n71 Loan repayment rates are lower in U.S. markets and
microlenders have failed to reach the level of self-sufficiency and
sustainability that many international MFIs have attained. n72

   Surveys of microentrepreneurs, however, show that strong employment is
generated by microenterprises. n73 In 2008, forty-five percent of
microentrepreneurs reported paying employees or contractors to work in their
business. n74 Excluding owners, these businesses provided, on average, 2.2 jobs
per business. n75 Five-year group data shows even more promising data: Fifty-two
percent of owners provided an average of 2.5 jobs per business. n76 Thirty-nine
percent of those who reported full or part time status of the positions created
in 2008 reported that the jobs were full-time positions. n77 Furthermore, about
half of those who provided employment reported data on payments. n78 For that
group, the median hourly wage was $ 10.00 - fifty-three percent higher than the
federal minimum wage of $ 6.55. n79 The mean wage was $ 13.00. While thirty-six
percent below the median hourly wage of $ 15.57, the median is substantially
higher than the federal minimum. n80

[*459]

   C. Microcredit in California

 Microloans funded by the U.S. Small Business Administration ("SBA") are issued
through fourteen local intermediaries scattered throughout California. n81 These
intermediaries are nonprofit, community-based organizations experienced in
lending and business management assistance. n82 Loans through the SBA are
available up to $ 50,000 for the purpose of assisting small businesses and
certain not-for-profit childcare centers start up and expand. n83 The average
microloan is $ 13,000. n84 Loan recipients may use the proceeds for working
capital, inventory or supplies, furniture or fixtures, or machinery or
equipment, but may not use it to pay existing debts or purchase real estate. n85
Eligibility for the microloans depend on the criteria set by microlenders, which
generally require some form of collateral in addition to a personal guarantee
from the business owner. n86 These intermediaries also determine repayment
terms, interest rates, and fees, however the maximum repayment term is limited
to six years. Interest rates are typically between eight percent and thirteen
percent. n87 Some lenders require applicants to meet training or planning
requirements in order for applications to be considered. n88

   Some online microfinance platforms are headquartered in California, but many
provide microloans virtually. n89 Certain private microlenders in California
operate as licensed lenders, who are permitted to make commercial loans without
being subject to California's usury provision in the state Constitution. n90
These lenders can charge interest rates as high as one hundred and forty-nine
percent for a $ 6,000 loan in addition to a $ 1,500 loan fee. n91

    [*460]  California saw a recent expansion of the microenterprise sector. n92
The number of microbusinesses increased from 2.7 million to 3.2 million or 16.85
percent, from 2002 to 2009, with the total number of microbusinesses hovering
closely around eighty-nine percent of the number of total firms. n93 Other
measures of microenterprise growth support these findings, including tax-return
data indicating a 25.8-percent growth, and Employment Development Department
("EDD") provided population survey data showing a 16.53 percent increase between
2000 and 2007. n94

   Microenterprises in California make significant impacts on the state's
employment rates. In 2009, 23.3 percent of total employment in California was in
microenterprises, slightly higher than the national rate of twenty-two percent.
n95 Between 2000 and 2007, the number of employees in microenterprises increased
by twenty-six percent. n96 Approximately seventy-nine percent of this increase
was attributed to growth in self-employed. n97 Additionally, microenterprises in
rural counties employ a larger share of the workforce at 23.5 percent than
microenterprises in urban counties at 18.7 percent. n98 These data indicate that
microenterprises and small businesses contribute to employment growth at a
greater degree than larger businesses.

   D. Projected Job Needs

 As of 2011, employees in microbusinesses had strong presence in the following
industries as compared to larger businesses:

   . Real Estate and Rental and Leasing: 19.19 percent

   . Professional and Technical Services: 11.26 percent

   . Other Services (Repair and Maintenance; Personal and Laundry  [*461]
Services; Religious, Civic, Professional & Similar; Private Households): 48.21
percent

   . Non-classifiable Establishments: 91.02 percent n99

   The total number of employees in microbusinesses comprise 10.56 percent of
the overall service industry. n100 The highest long-term job growth in
California between 2010 and 2020 is projected to be in the Professional and
Business Services industry, with Other Services as the 10th highest projected
job growth area. n101 Similarly, the highest short-term job growth area in
California between 2011 and 2013 is projected to be Professional and Business
Services, with Other Services as the 11th highest projected job growth. n102
With high rates of current and projected employment presence of
microenterprises, particularly in the service industries, California provides
fertile ground for increased economic growth through greater development of the
microenterprise sector. Furthermore, recent economic analyses suggest that
start-ups impact job growth more significantly than mature small businesses,
contrary to common belief that small businesses are the largest engines of job
growth. n103

   Of particular note is that California possesses very region specific
industries, unique from other states. n104 A recent report found that, "with
agriculture in the Central Valley and high tech in the Bay Area, entertainment
and foreign trade in Southern California and tourism in coastal and mountain
locales, the state's regions are known for their distinct economies. These
regions possess different strengths, demographic profiles, housing prices,
climates, and unemployment challenges." n105

[*462]

   III. ANALYSIS

   A. Current Regulation

   1. Federal

 Microlenders in the U.S. are largely unregulated. n106 Currently, there is no
governmental body dedicated to the regulation of microlenders. n107 The bulk of
microlenders in the U.S. operate as nonprofits. n108 As such, they are primarily
subject to IRS regulations governing for nonprofits and state level small
business and consumer protection regulations. n109 Nonprofits that participate
in the SBA's Microloan program are subject to its rules under the PRIME Act.
n110 The Act authorizes the SBA to make grants to qualified intermediaries, and
details the parameters of participating organizations, amounts of award
allocations, and length of funding, etc. n111 The Act, however, only affects
microlenders that participate in the SBA's Microloan program. n112 Microlenders
must also meet accreditation standards, such as undergoing a certification
process to become a Community Development Financial Institution. n113
Furthermore, the Association for Enterprise Opportunity ("AEO"), a national
trade association for microbusinesses, has established a guide of minimal
standards for which lenders should adhere, relating to lending, training,
performance, governance, management issues, and financial soundness. n114

   The Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") of 1977 was passed to encourage
private banks to serve low-income communities and their credit needs by
partnering with MFIs and though other means. n115 The CRA required that banking
industry regulators consider whether banks offered such services in low-income
communities as part of their duties to rank banks. n116 Congress also passed the
CRA because the government was unable to maintain certain community programs
without support  [*463]  from the private sector. n117 While the CRA has
assisted in serving communities that have been traditionally unable to access
common banking services, it is still significantly limited in lending to
low-income borrowers. n118 Banks set their own compliance goals for the CRA,
there are no specific pass or no-pass thresholds, and regulators have wide
latitude in determining a bank's compliance. n119 For these and other reasons,
the CRA is regarded as highly ineffective in achieving its goals of assisting
low-income communities. n120

   Private banks partnered with MFIs, and in compliance with the CRA, are
subject to the same regulations as any traditional bank. n121 Under these
regulations, interest rate ceilings and the possibility of excessive interest
rates serve as two primary impediments to MFIs attaining self-sufficiency or
profitability. n122 Interest rate ceilings hinder the ability of MFIs to become
profitable by limiting the greatest opportunity for revenue generation. n123
Usury laws prohibit excessive interest rates; however, states enact these
regulations. n124 Most state usury laws cap interest rates at 10 percent. n125

   Capital holding requirements also present impairments to achieving success
with microlending in the private sector. n126 Capital holding requirements
necessitate that banks hold a certain amount of capital against each loan they
distribute according to the level of risk that loans carry - the greater the
risk, the greater the required holding. n127 The Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision is a group comprised of central banks and supervisory authorities
from different countries that promulgate the Basel Capital Accord ("Basel III").
Basel III requires banks to hold a total of 8 percent of their "risk-weighted
assets" (such as loans) and "asset-equivalent off-balance sheet exposures" (such
as loan commitments). n128 This total is slated to increase to 10.5 percent
between  [*464]  2013 and 2019 by 2.5 percent, designated as a capital
conservation buffer, which is established above the regulatory minimum capital
requirement. n129 These capital requirements impede loan origination by
discouraging banks from issuing high risk loans. n130 The Basel Committee
recognized the inherent complexities of compliance with Basel III against the
overall framework of microfinance. n131 The Committee issued a consultation
report clarifying the general application of Basel Core Principles of Basel III
and a range of practices on regulating and supervising microfinance activities,
however, it does not alter any provision in Basel III. n132

   2. California

 Currently, California provides several regulatory incentives and rewards for
microentrepreneurs by way of small business funding appropriations, tax credits,
loan guarantees, inclusion of qualified microlenders to the California Capital
Access Program ("CalCAP"), and increases to loan reporting requirements, but
provides few microenterprise-specific regulations.

   The California Small Business Financial Development Corporation Law ("Law")
authorizes the formation of small business financial developments corporations
to grant loans or loan guarantees to stimulate small business development. n133
The Law also created the California Small Business Board ("Board") and the
California Small Business Expansion Fund ("Expansion Fund"). n134 The Board
consists of the Secretary of Business, Transportation and Housing, six members
actively involved in the California small business community, two members
actively involved in the business or agricultural communities, and two members
of the California Legislature. n135 The Board is tasked with advising the
Executive Director, approving new corporations recommended by the director,
holding public hearings, and advising the state Governor and small business
advocates regarding issues affecting  [*465]  California's small business
community. n136 The Expansion Fund, operative in 2018, authorizes the State
Treasury to pay out all or a portion of the funds to a lending institution or
financial company that acts as trustee of the funds. n137 The Expansion Fund is
appropriated to pay for defaulted loan guarantees, administrative costs of
corporations, and costs necessary to protect a real property interest in a
defaulted loan or guarantee. n138

   In February of 2013, Assembly Bill 780 was introduced to appropriate $ 2
million from the General Fund to financial development corporations for use in
ongoing administrative operations. n139 The amendment would also make specified
declarations of legislative intent regarding the oversight and duties of the
Governor's Office of Business and Economic Development. n140 Assembly Bill 201
was passed in October of 2013, which requires the Office to post on its website
information regarding its direct lending, loan guarantee, and other programs,
providing greater access to lending information. n141

   Effective January 1, 2009, a new California tax credit is available for
additional full-time employees hired by small businesses of twenty or fewer
employees; n142 a credit of up to $ 3,000 is available. n143 On March 4, 2013,
California allocated $ 400 million for this particular tax credit. n144 To date,
small business employers have filed 8,668 Personal Income Tax ("PIT") returns
and 15,677 Business Entity ("BE") tax returns. n145 Steady growth of both PIT
and BE tax returns since the introduction of the New Jobs Tax Credits have
generated tax credits totaling nearly $ 145 million. n146 With a 6032 percent
growth rate in the number of its first new tax credit claims in 2010, and a 9462
percent growth rate in the aggregate of tax credits, n147 California should
anticipate a rise in not only tax credits and PIT and BE tax return claims, but
new employment.

   Administered by the California Business, Transportation & Housing Agency, the
California Small Business Loan Guarantee  [*466]  Program ("SBLGP") was
reinstated following former-Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's elimination of the
funds from the state budget. n148 The SLGBP allows small businesses to obtain a
loan if they do not otherwise qualify for traditional loans. n149 Loan proceeds
must be used primarily in California, but are permitted for use in standard
business practices. n150 Guarantees may cover up to ninety percent of the loan
amount, but must not exceed $ 500,000. n151 Interest rates are set by the
intermediary. n152 In order to obtain a loan, potential borrowers must apply
through a Financial Development Corporation ("FDC"), an intermediary, and must
employ fewer than five hundred employees. n153

   The California Capital Access Program ("CalCAP") was introduced in 1994 as an
effort to encourage banks and other financial institutions to make loans to
small businesses that have difficulty obtaining traditional financing. n154
Qualified borrowers must have fewer than five hundred employees. n155 Lenders
under the Program have loaned a total of about $ 2.07 billion since inception.
n156 In addition, an influx of $ 84.3 million from the State Small Business
Credit Initiative ("SSBCI") allows California lenders the opportunity to gain
support for years ahead. n157 There are four general programs within CalCAP.
n158 First, the loan insurance portfolio provides up to one hundred percent
coverage of certain loan defaults, such that lenders can securely issue loans to
what they traditionally consider riskier or high risk borrowers. n159 Secondly,
CalCAP offers up to fifty percent cash for collateral support to cover
collateral shortfalls of loans of $ 100,000 or more. n160 Third, the Program has
partnered with the California Air Resources Board to provide up to  [*467]  one
hundred percent coverage on repayment defaults for loans used to finance
heavy-duty trucks, busses, and aerodynamic technologies. n161 Lastly, certain
qualified business owners may receive grant money to purchase newer, energy
compliant vehicles under CalCAP's Proposition 1B Loan Assistance Program. n162

   The recent passage of AB 901 expanded the definition of financial
institutions within CalCAP to include small business financial development
corporations and microbusiness lenders. n163 AB 981 was also recently passed to
provide extra incentives within CalCAP for lenders to lend to small businesses,
including expanding the financial institution definition to include insured
depository institutions, insured credit unions, and Community Development
Financial Institutions ("CDFIs"). n164

   As previously stated, the federal government defers regulations on usury to
the states. California's complex usury laws provide a number of exemptions under
several code sections. n165 Of particular relevance is its exemption of licensed
lending institutions, which include banks, savings and loans, credit unions,
finance companies, and pawnbrokers. n166 These institutions engage in the
business of making consumer or commercial loans and are registered with the
California Department of Corporations. n167 This exemption permits some private
lenders to charge higher interest on microloans. n168 While excessively high
interest rates are ostensibly an undesirable feature of microloans from these
private lenders, the exemption brings attention to the need for more
microlending. Furthermore, market forces responding to microlending needs may
result in greater competition and thereby, lowered interest rates.

   IV. RECOMMENDATIONS

 California appears to recognize the socioeconomic significance of growing the
microcredit industry within the state, as the wealth of recent legislative and
trade-association attention has been drawn to  [*468]  expanding small
businesses. Despite these advances, California has yet to concentrate on better
developing its MFIs to sustainable, profitable, and accessible levels. The
following recommendations advocate for regulatory reforms closely tailored to
the needs of microentrepreneurs who seek funding and the business of providing
those funds.

   A. Increased Studies on the Impact of Small Business Legislation on
Microcredit

 While there is an abundance of recent activity and legislative attention paid
toward small businesses in California, there is minimal mention of
microenterprise-specific legislation. n169 It appears that studies have yet to
be published on the impact of broader small business laws on microlending in
California. n170 Furthermore, there is a greater lack of information on the
economy in the Central Valley, an integral portion of the state with a
flourishing agricultural industry. n171 The Central Valley region has been
particularly hard hit in the post-recession recovery phase. n172 Thus, thorough
research of the Central Valley is necessary to optimize the potential for
economic improvement in that segment and throughout the state. Research
regarding job growth and training potential through microenterprise development
may be especially helpful in moving California toward full recovery.

   B. Shift to Privatization of Microlending through State Usury Laws

 There is no shortage of philosophies as to the appropriate levels of government
involvement in microlending. Muhammad Yunus strongly believes that government
regulation of microfinance and lending should be tempered and MFIs should be
regulated more loosely, similarly to credit unions. n173 As the bulk of
microcredit services in California are primarily provided through charitable
organizations, backed with  [*469]  federal funds, sustainability and long-term
growth are serious questions worthy of at least partial privatization.
California usury and lending laws should encourage microlending-specific
activities in order to attain sustainability. n174

   California should provide commercial entities with microlending-specific
usury regulations that would allow them to be profitable. Appropriate interest
rate caps that exceed the typical interest rates established for consumer loans
(as microentrepreneurs are operating with limited, consumer-level resources),
but are not onerously high ensure that long-term implosion of the
microenterprise industry is kept at bay. In an effort to transition away from
reliance on federal funds, California must recognize through specific
legislation that a greater portion of privatization of microlending is
necessary.

   C. Graduated State Tax Incentives for Microlenders and Microentrepreneurs

 California provides state tax incentives only for microborrowers who expand the
number of their full-time employment positions. n175 Depending on the lending
model, California must incentivize not only microentrepreneurs, but individual
and institutional direct lenders. Either a declining model, whereby the initial
periods of investment produce the greatest tax benefits that decline over a
period of several years, or a sunset provision, can safeguard against abuse or
shrinking tax revenue.

   Under the person-to-person investing model, such as MicroPlace's approach,
whether managed by a nonprofit organization or commercial institution, the state
should provide exemptions to investors who enjoy capital gains from lending to
microentrepreneurs. Consistent with the notion of amended state usury laws,
commercial MFIs will be able to enjoy CRA compliance, as well as profitability
from the origination of microloans.

   D. Heavier Emphasis on Region Based Microlending Support

 While federal funds for microloans are primarily funneled through
intermediaries scattered throughout California regions, there must be particular
emphasis on providing infrastructure, training, and education that is unique to
the needs of all serviced areas. Because every region  [*470]  possesses unique
socioeconomic and geographic characteristics, the needs of each distinctive
region will differ tremendously. While there is funding and support available in
training and assistance, California must ensure that it is accessible to
microentrepreneurs, both in practical terms as well as in terms of cultural
competency.

   V. CONCLUSION

 The concept of microfinance has seen great success abroad over its nearly fifty
years of established development. n176 As it has more recently transitioned to
the United States, we have yet to determine precisely how far microlending can
or will drive the American economy. Further, in light of the 2007 to 2009
housing bubble and the fact that the United States, and California in
particular, operates on very different socioeconomic, regulatory, and
legislative climates than the countries that have been successful with
microlending, it is difficult to predict California's rate of success. However,
with regulatory reform, microcredit in California is more likely to reach its
true potential. California must start with several changes. First, greater
studies on the issue of microlending in California is the first step in
permitting the state to best fine tune its regulations to meet the needs of
Californians, thereby driving economic recovery. Second, at least partial
transition into privatization of the industry is necessary in order to build a
self-sustaining microlending model. In addition, a carefully tailored set of tax
incentives to microlenders, intermediaries, and micro borrowers will increase
the likelihood of sustainability of the microcredit industry in California.
Finally, a stronger emphasis on regional-based microlending support must be made
available to microborrowers. Without recognizing the unique economy of
California, the microcredit industry will be inhibited from achieving more
optimum levels of sustainability and profitability.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Contracts LawNegotiable InstrumentsEnforcementDefensesStatutes of
LimitationsContracts LawSecured TransactionsGeneral OverviewInternational Trade
LawGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  CGAP, A Guide to Regulation and Supervision of Microfinance: Consensus
Guidelines, 4 (CGAP/World Bank, October 2012), available at
http://www.cgap.org/sites/default/files/Consensus-Guideline-A-Guide-to-Regulatio
n-and-Supervision-of-Microfinance-Oct-2012_0.pdf.





n2.  Id.





n3.  CGAP, supra note 1, at 6.





n4.  Sana Khan, Poverty Reduction Efforts: Does Microcredit Help?, 29 SAIS Rev.
no. 2, 147 (Summer-Fall 2009).





n5.  Molly Richardson, Increasing Microlending Potential in the United States
Through a Strategic Approach to Regulatory Reform, 34 Iowa J. Corp. L. 923
(2009), 926-27.





n6.  Accion's History - 1970s: Microlending Begins, Accion,
http://www.accion.org/page.aspx?pid=797 (last visited February 24, 2013).





n7.  Id.





n8.  Id.





n9.  Id.





n10.  Where We Work, Accion, http://www.accion.org/wherewework (last visited
Feb. 24, 2013).





n11.  Rebekah J. Salt, Exploring Women's Participation in a U.S. Microcredit
Program, 42 Journal of Nursing Scholarship no. 3, 270-71 (2010).





n12.  Id.





n13.  Id.





n14.  Id.





n15.  Id.





n16.  Id.





n17.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 924.





n18.  Khan, supra note 4, at 148.





n19.  Id.





n20.  Id.





n21.  James C. Brau & Gary M. Woller, Microfinance: A Comprehensive Review of
the Existing Literature, 9 Journal of Entrepreneurial Fin. & Bus. Ventures 1,
1-27.





n22.  Brau, supra note 21, at 21-27.





n23.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 925.





n24.  Id. at 924.





n25.  Salt, supra note 11, at 270-71.





n26.  Id.





n27.  Our Impact, Accion (Mar. 7, 2013, 7:21 PM),
http://www.accion.org/keystatistics.





n28.  Our Impact, Grameen Foundation, Frequently Asked Questions about
Microfinance, Grameen Foundation (Mar. 7, 7:50 PM),
http://www.grameenfoundation.org/sites/default/files/Microfinance-FAQ.pdf.





n29.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 927.





n30.  Id.





n31.  CGAP, supra note 1, at 6.





n32.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 927.





n33.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 929.





n34.  Id. See Olivia L. Walker, The Future of Microlending in the United States:
A Shift from Charity to Profits? 6 Entrepren. Bus. L.J. 383, 385 (2011).





n35.  Id. at 383.





n36.  Id. at 385-86.





n37.  Id. at 386.





n38.  See Microenterprise Business State-Level Analysis 2002-2008,
http://aeoworks.org/images/uploads/pages/MEBS207-year20Analysis202002-2008.pdf;
see also Microenterprise Business Statistics in the United States,
http://aeoworks.org/images/uploads/fact_sheets/US-MEBS-2009.pdf.





n39.  Id.





n40.  Id.





n41.  Small Business Association, Release No. 09-59, News Release, Recovery Act
Expands SBA Microloan Program (Aug. 19, 2009),
http://www.recovery.gov/News/press/Documents/news_release_09-59[1].pdf.





n42.  Small Business Association, supra note 41.





n43.  Id.





n44.  Walker, supra note 34, at 386.





n45.  Id. See also Richardson, supra note 5, at 929.





n46.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 930; Walker, supra note 35, at 386.





n47.  About Accion, Accion (Mar. 7, 2013, 1:30 PM),
http://us.accion.org/about-accion; Where We Work, Accion (Mar. 7, 2013, 2:23
PM), http://www.accion.org/usa.





n48.  Id.





n49.  Id.





n50.  Microfinance FAQs, Accion East and Online (Mar. 7, 2013, 1:48 PM),
http://www.
accionusa.org/home/support-accion/about-accion/microfinance-faq.aspx.





n51.  FAQ, Grameen America (Mar. 7, 2013, 2:03 PM),
http://grameenamerica.org/faq.





n52.  Impact, Grameen America (Mar. 7, 2013, 2:03 PM),
http://grameenamerica.org/impact.





n53.  FAQ, supra note 51.





n54.  Id.





n55.  Walker, supra note 34, at 387.





n56.  Id.





n57.  A close look at online funding for microfinance, Working Capital for
Community Needs, (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:52 AM), http://wccn.org/node/438.





n58.  Id.





n59.  Lend, Kiva (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:59 AM), http://www.kiva.org/lend.





n60.  How Kiva Works, Kiva (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:59 AM),
http://www.kiva.org/about/how.





n61.  Id.





n62.  Id.





n63.  How it Works, Microplace (Mar. 2, 7:46 PM),
https://www.microplace.com/howitworks.





n64.  Id.





n65.  Id.





n66.  Id.





n67.  Issuers, Microplace (Mar. 2, 7:46 PM),
https://www.microplace.com/howitworks/issuers. (Issuers are Calvert Foundation,
FINCA International, Inc., MicroCredit Enterprises, Oikocredit USA, Shared
Interest, Inc., and Working Capital for Community Needs ("WCCN").)





n68.  Underserved Entrepreneur Index, Association for Enterprise Opportunity
(AEO),
http://www.aeoworks.org/pdf/underserved_entrepreneur_indextm_april_28_2011.pdf.





n69.  Id. (Seventy percent of all businesses produce revenues under $ 100
thousand. Eighty-seven percent of women-, Black-, and Native American-owned
businesses, and 81 of Hispanic-owned businesses generate less than $ 100
thousand. These groups are systematically underserved).





n70.  Opinion Poll: The Role of Micro Businesses in Our Economy, Association for
Enterprise Opportunity (AEO),
http://aeoworks.org/images/uploads/fact_sheets/Opinion_Poll_-_The_Role_of_Micro_
Businesses_in_Our_Economy.pdf.





n71.  Bill Burrus, Lessons and Trends of Microcredit in the United States 9
(2005), available at http://www.accion.org/Document.Doc?id=51.





n72.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 929.





n73.  Microenterprises and Employment: 2009 Client Outcomes, Field Trendlines
Series, Issue 2, August 2010, at 2.





n74.  Id.





n75.  Id.





n76.  Id.





n77.  Id.





n78.  Id.





n79.  Id. at 3.





n80.  Id.





n81.  Participating Intermediary Microlenders Report, Small Business
Administration Partner Identification & Management System, U.S. Small Business
Administration (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:43 AM),
http://www.sba.gov/sites/default/files/Microloan20Intermediary20Listing202012103
1.pdf.





n82.  Participating Intermediary Microlenders Report, supra note 81.





n83.  Microloan Program, U.S. Small Business Administration (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:46
AM), http://www.sba.gov/content/microloan-program.





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  Id.





n87.  Id.





n88.  Id.





n89.  See How Kiva Works, Kiva (Mar. 1, 2013, 10:59 AM),
http://www.kiva.org/about/how; How it works, Microplace (Mar. 2, 7:46 PM),
https://www.microplace.com/howitworks.





n90.  CA Emp't of Corp., About, California Finance Lenders, available at
http://www.corp.ca.gov/Laws/Finance_Lenders/About.asp.





n91.  Current Rates, CashCall Micro Business Loans, (Mar. 6, 2013, 11:03 AM),
http://www.cashcallbusiness.com/Default.aspx?aboutus=1.





n92.  Microenterprise Business State-Level Analysis 2002-2008, supra note 38.





n93.  Id.





n94.  Memo to Senator Leland Yee, Microenterprises in the Economy, available at
http://www.microbiz.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/2010-09_CA-SOR_MicroEnterpris
esintheEconomy-Report.pdf (Jun. 23, 2010) ("Employees" include salaried or wage
workers (on payroll, including owners taking a wage or salary), microenterprise
owners not take a wage or salary, and the self-employed not taking a wage or
salary from the business).





n95.  Microenterprise Employment Statistics in the United States,
http://aeoworks.org/images/uploads/fact_sheets/US-MEES-2009.pdf.





n96.  Memo to Senator Leland Yee, Microenterprises in the Economy, supra note
52, at 10.





n97.  Id.





n98.  Office of Research, California Senate, Policy Briefs, Microenterprises
Give California's Economy a Boost,
http://www.sor.govoffice3.com/vertical/Sites/7B3BDD1595-792B-4D20-8D44-626EF0564
8C77D/uploads/7B02CED07F-4566-454F-80B3-3845E35B56947D.pdf.





n99.  State of Cal. Emp't Dev. Dep't, Size of Business Data-2002-present, Number
of Employees by Size Category (2011), available at
http://www.recovery.gov/News/press/Documents/news_release_09-59[1].pdf.





n100.  Id.





n101.  State of Cal. Emp't Dev. Dep't, Projections of Employment by Industry and
Occupation, California Industry Employment Projections 2010-2020 (July 19,
2012), available at http://www.calmis.ca.gov/file/indproj/cal$ indnarr.pdf.





n102.  State of CA Emp't Dev. Dep't, Projections of Employment by Industry and
Occupation, California Industry Employment Projections 2011 Third Quarter - 2013
Third Quarter (June 18, 2012), available at
http://www.calmis.ca.gov/file/indproj/cal$ indnarr-2011-2013.pdf.





n103.  Martin A. Sullivan, Start-Ups, Not Small Businesses, Are Key to Job
Creation, Tax Analysis, 158 (Jan. 2012).





n104.  Think Long Committee for California, Jobs, Infrastructure & the
Workforce, 7 (Sept. 2011), available at
http://www.microbiz.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/ThinkLong-California-Economy-
Report-Sept2011.pdf.





n105.  Id. at 13.





n106.  Walker, supra note 34, at 388.





n107.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 931.





n108.  Walker, supra note 34, at 388.





n109.  Walker, supra note 34, at 388.





n110.  Id.





n111.  15 U.S.C. § 634(b)(6) (West 2001).





n112.  Id.





n113.  Walker, supra note 35, at 388.





n114.  Id.





n115.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 931-32.





n116.  Id.





n117.  Id. at 932.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Emily Berkman, Microloans As a Community Reinvestment Act Compliance
Strategy, N.Y.U. J.L. & Bus. 329, 343-46 (2006).





n120.  Walker, supra note 3, at 344.





n121.  Richardson, supra note 5, at 931.





n122.  Richardson, supra note 3, at 931





n123.  Id.





n124.  Id.





n125.  Id.





n126.  Id. at 932.





n127.  Id.





n128.  Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, Basel III: A Global Regulatory
Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems (June 2011), available at
http://www.bis.org/publ/bcbs189.pdf.





n129.  Id. at 54.





n130.  Richardson, supra note 3, at 932.





n131.  Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, Microfinance Activities and the
Core Principles for Effective Banking Supervision (June 2011), available at
http://www.bis.org/publ/bcbs175.pdf.





n132.  Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, supra note 131.





n133.  Cal. Code Regs. Title 1, § 14030-14031 (2001).





n134.  Id.





n135.  Id. at § 14021.





n136.  Id. at § 14022.





n137.  Id. at § 14021.





n138.  Id.





n139.  A.B. 780, Cal. Leg., 2013-2014 Sess. (Cal. 2013).





n140.  A.B. 780, Cal. Leg., 2013-2014 Sess. (Cal. 2013).





n141.  Id.





n142.  Cal. Rev. and Tax Code §§17053.80, 23623. See also State of CA Franchise
Tax Board, New Jobs Credit (2009), available at
https://www.ftb.ca.gov/businesses/New_Jobs_Credit.shtml.





n143.  Id.





n144.  Id.





n145.  State of Cal. Franchise Tax Board, New Jobs Credit (2009), supra note
142.





n146.  Id.





n147.  Id.





n148.  Past Legislative Action and Successes, Cal. Ass'n for Micro Enterprise
Opportunity,
http://www.microbiz.org/policy-and-advocacy/past-legislative-action-successes/
(last visited Mar. 9, 2013).





n149.  State of Cal. Business, Transportation & Housing Agency, Small Business
Loan Guarantee Program Factsheet, available at
http://www.bth.ca.gov/res/docs/pdfs/SBLGP_1_pager_111810.pdf.





n150.  Id.





n151.  Id.





n152.  State of Cal. Business, Transportation & Housing Agency, California Small
Business Loan Guarantee Program (SBLGP), available at
http://www.bth.ca.gov/sblgp.htm.





n153.  State of Cal. Business, Transportation & Housing Agency, California Small
Business Loan Guarantee Program (SBLGP), supra note 154.





n154.  Cal. Code Regs. tit. 4, §§8070-8072 (2013). See also Cal. State
Treasurer, California Capital Access Program,
http://www.treasurer.ca.gov/cpcfa/calcap/index.asp.





n155.  Cal. Code Regs. tit. 4, § 8070(f).





n156.  Id. at §§8070-8072.





n157.  Id.





n158.  Id.





n159.  Id.





n160.  Id.





n161.  Id.





n162.  Id.





n163.  A.B. 901, 2011-2012 Sess. (Cal. 2011).





n164.  A.B. 901, 2011-2012 Sess. (Cal. 2011).





n165.  See Cal. Fin. Code§§5102, 7675, 15000, 21000, 21200, 22002, 22009, 22303;
Home Owners Loan Act of 1933, 12 U.S.C.A § 1464(5)(c)(4)(B) and the Building and
Loan Association Act of 1931 (as amended).





n166.  Id.





n167.  Id.





n168.  See Current Rates, CashCall Micro Business Loans, supra note 91.





n169.  See A.B. 2111, Cal. Leg., 2011 - 2012 Sess. (Cal. 2012). See also A.B.
2671, Cal. Leg., 2011-2012 Sess. (Cal. 2012). See also S.B. 66, Cal. Leg.,
2009-2010 Sess. (Cal. 2009).





n170.  See A.B. 2111, Cal. Leg., 2011-2012 Sess. (Cal. 2012). See also A.B.
2671, Cal. Leg., 2011-2012 Sess. (Cal. 2012). See also S.B. 66, Cal. Leg.,
2009-2010 Sess. (Cal. 2009).





n171.  Ed Coghlan, California economy turning around? It's all about the jobs!,
California Economic Summit (Jan. 11, 2013), available at
http://www.caeconomy.org/reporting/entry/california-economy-turning-around-its-a
ll-about-the-jobs.





n172.  Coghlan, supra note 171.





n173.  Walker, supra note 34, at 389.





n174.  Id. at 393.





n175.  Cal. Rev. and Tax Code §§17053.80, 23623.





n176.  Our Impact, Grameen Foundation, supra note 28.


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2012 Women's Rights Law Reporter--Rutgers, The
                         State University of New Jersey
                          Women's Rights Law Reporter

                                   Fall, 2012

                          Women's Rights Law Reporter

                          34 Women's Rights L. Rep. 1

LENGTH: 15528 words

NOTE: MICROFINANCE OR MICRO-COMMERCIAL BANKING: THE GREAT RECESSION'S IMPACT ON
WOMEN'S ACCESS TO MICROCREDIT IN THE UNITED STATES

NAME: Jennifer Bruno*

BIO: * J.D., expected 2013, Rutgers University School of Law - Newark. Special
thanks to my family, friends, and the staff of the Women's Rights Law Reporter
for their support.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Most microfinance institutions are heavily subsidized and do not have
access to a continuous source of independent financing.  ... Second, U.S.
microfinance institutions typically do not resort to peer lending groups to
determine a borrower's credit history or serve as collateral.  ... While
microloans may serve as a great tool for small established businesses during the
financial crisis, SBA microlending intermediaries appear to be missing the
original target of microfinance lending - women affected by poverty that, as a
result, lack access to traditional avenues of credit.  ... Conclusion
Microfinance lending has found a distinct identity under the Grameen solidarity
lending microfinance model used in developing nations.  ... The influx of
borrowers with better credit profiles during and after the recession caused
microlenders to make difficult choices and to choose more traditional
credit-worthy borrowers in order to repay their original funding sources.

TEXT:
 [*1]

   I. Introduction

 Small entrepreneurial businesses have thrived in what some may consider
unexpected places. The sight of villagers suffering in a rural Bangladeshi
village inspired Professor Muhammad Yunus to see how he could help them achieve
a better life. n1 Professor Yunus met with a local stool maker and learned she
received very little for her craftwork. n2 She had no money to buy raw materials
and could only obtain a loan from a lender who set the price of her stools
extremely low as a condition of the loan. n3 The price allowed for a mere
two-cent profit per day, thus, perpetuating the woman's poverty and dependence
on exploitive money lenders for financial support of her business. n4 Professor
Yunus intervened and provided a loan - minus the exploitive terms - which now
offered the stool maker a chance to sell her wares and earn a one-dollar and
twenty-five cent profit per day along with the possibility of a better life and
an escape from poverty. n5

   What began with a small loan to a Bangladeshi stool maker has now blossomed
into an alternative lending philosophy meant to elevate poor, primarily female,
individuals out of poverty and into lives as successful entrepreneurs. Countries
and organizations in both the developing and the developed worlds have taken
note of microfinance and since have implemented programs based on Professor
Yunus's lending philosophy. The U.S., in particular, has encouraged the
development of microfinance proHD  [*2]  grams through both the state and
federal systems. n6 This Note explores the evolution of the microfinance lending
model, its implementation in the U.S. (specifically in New Jersey), and whether
microfinance lending can exist as a powerful tool to help women avoid
perpetuating the feminization of poverty. n7

   This Note covers three main areas that analyze the disproportionate effect of
poverty and access to limited credit as applied to women, the development of
microfinance internationally, and the implementation of microfinance-inspired
programs in the U.S. Part II explores scholarly attention devoted to the
disproportionate amount of women affected by poverty both domestically and
abroad. n8 This section also describes some of the unique challenges
poverty-stricken female borrowers face when trying to obtain any form of
commercial bank credit. n9

   Part III recounts the humble beginnings of the microfinance solidarity
lending model. n10 The evolution of Grameen Bank in Bangladesh gave way to what
some hailed as a new era of banking and the possible alleviation of poverty for
women who also possessed an entrepreneurial spirit. n11 Under microfinance
lending's watchful eye, women in impoverished areas seemed destined to improve
the social condition of both their families and villages. n12 However, not too
much time passed before microfinance lenders came under fire from critics. n13
Major objections to manipulative and coercive practices among both lenders and
borrowers along with market oversaturation also raised many doubts as to how
revolutionary microfinance lending practices may be after all. n14 Some argue
that the supposed "sucHD  [*3]  cess" of microfinance lending is artificially
inflated due to emphasis on improved social factors rather than subsequent
success in the open marketplace. n15

   Part IV examines the ability of microfinance institutions to impact access to
credit for U.S. women. Successfully utilizing microfinance loans as an
empowerment tool for women may offer a much-needed solution to the feminization
of poverty. This section specifically evaluates the Small Business
Administration's ("SBA") microloan program as well as the practices of New
Jersey SBA intermediary microloan lenders. Finally, this section looks to the
recent enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act ("Dodd-Frank") and the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act as
potential ways to implement helpful reforms that will enable women to obtain
access to business capital and improve their economic condition. n16

   II. The Feminization of Poverty

 Scholars increasingly believe poverty has become a women's issue both in the
U.S. and internationally. n17 The contributing factors causing women to fall
into poverty may vary; however, studies confirm women have been
disproportionately affected by this issue. n18 The financial plight of these
women first came to light during the 1970s, when the U.S. Bureau of the Census
reported that approximately one-third of those affected by poverty lived in
female-headed households. n19 Over the course of the decade, female-headed
households grew to comprise one-half of those living in poverty. n20 The
alarming increase in the number of indigent female-headed households gave way to
recognition that the "feminization of poverty" needed to be studied and
remedied. n21 Unfortunately, the disproportionate amount of women living in
poverty remains a problem that must be resolved. n22

    [*4]  Poverty-stricken women find the ability to provide for themselves and
their families further constrained to employment opportunities under other
individuals or companies, rather than entrepreneurial ventures, due to strict
financing qualifications and conditions. n23 New entrepreneurial businesses
often require additional capital provided by lenders to finance business
start-up costs. n24 Traditional lenders in both the developed and developing
world often seek borrowers with an established credit history and collateral in
exchange for a loan. n25 A borrower's credit history enables banks to make a
determination about the likelihood of loan repayment by the individual seeking
credit. n26 Collateral is also often required so that the borrower has
additional incentive to repay the lender and retain his or her rights to the
collateral. n27 Failure to meet these criteria causes traditional lenders to
charge these borrowers significantly higher interest rates or to simply not make
the loan at all. n28 Women living in poverty frequently do not meet these
criteria and subsequently must look to other alternatives for small business
financing. n29

   Despite the additional hurdles presented by poverty, absence of traditional
borrower criteria does not mean indigent borrowers are incapable of repaying
loans used to establish a small business. n30 Microfinance institutions began as
an attempt to fulfill this need and specifically sought out these borrowers with
the goal of providing loans for small business ventures and, ultimately,
improvement in the borrower's socio-economic status. n31 In essence, microloans
now offered those in poverty a legitimate borrowing option to finance new
entrepreneurial ventures. n32 Thus, loan sharks and family members no longer
remained the only credit option for women in poverty. n33

[*5]

   III. A Brief History of Microfinance Lending

 Microfinance institutions first emerged outside the U.S. n34 to cater to the
financial needs of low-income individuals and the poor. n35 Loans disbursed by
microfinance institutions are provided with the goal of enabling the recipients
to successfully establish and maintain small businesses and, consequently,
achieve social and financial stability. n36 These loans are typically small in
scale (usually consisting of less than one-hundred dollars) and are available
without the provision of physical collateral by the borrower. n37 Lenders
counteract the additional repayment risk by charging borrowers higher interest
rates or by requiring that they adhere to social pledges and guarantees as a
condition of the loan. n38

   The microfinance lending model first emerged during the 1970s in Bangladeshi
villages. n39 Professor Yunus founded Grameen Bank as a way to provide money to
the poor in a form other than charitable donations. n40 Grameen Bank's
implementation of the solidarity lending model distinguished it from traditional
commercial lenders. n41 Solidarity lending primarily offered poor women a chance
to finance entrepreneurial ventures through reliance on the borrower's peer
group and social contracts in order to provide a financial guarantee on the
microloans. n42 Loan recipients now had the opportunity to use their new
businesses to increase their standard of living and eventually to escape
poverty. n43

   Peer lending groups serve as a multi-purpose solution for both borrowers and
lenders. n44 Most importantly, they serve as a surrogate credit history, replace
physical collateral, and provide additional member encouragement toward loan
repayment. n45 Each peer group consists of five unrelated borrowers whose
individual "net worth is less than the equivalent of one-  [*6]  half acre of
land." n46 Only two of the five individuals within the peer group are eligible
to receive a loan simultaneously. n47 Other peer group members only become
eligible to borrow funds once the original borrowers successfully repay both
their loans and interest. n48 If a peer lending group admits unreliable
borrowers, then the remainder of the peer group will not become eligible to
receive loans and establish their own entrepreneurial ventures. n49 Therefore,
peer group participants act as a substitute credit history since they will only
admit borrowers they believe can meet their repayment obligations into their
peer lending groups. n50

   Physical collateral is also no longer needed with the use of peer lending
groups. n51 Instead, the borrower's reputation and social standing are on the
line if repayment is not made in a timely fashion. n52 Repayment pressure is
considerable during the average fifty-week lifespan of the loan since peer group
members must wait for their peer's loan to be repaid before they may receive a
loan themselves. n53 If a borrower fails to meet his or her repayment
obligation, then he or she risks very limited access to financial opportunities
and community support in the future. n54

   Solidarity lending also relies on the desire to improve the community by
obtaining the borrower's commitment to a social contract. n55 For example, the
"Sixteen Decisions" refers to a social contract whereby the borrowers covenant
to "follow the principles of discipline, unity, courage and hard work; to grow
vegetables all year round; to keep families small; to build and use
pit-latrines; and to refrain from giving and receiving dowry." n56 These
conditions must be committed to memory and recited to loan officers before a
borrower becomes eligible to receive a loan. n57 Thus, the social contract
encourages alleviation of many poverty-related societal ills while also
encouraging the "importance of entrepreneurialism, hard work, business judgment
and discipline." n58 Bank workers familiar with local customs and practices
observe peer group borrowers for a month to ensure that they follow all
applicable lending guidelines before deciding to award the group additional
loans. n59

    [*7]  Most significantly, the Grameen Bank solidarity lending model
distinguishes itself in that the vast majority of its borrowers are women. n60
Studies utilized by Grameen Bank have shown that "women use the profits from
their businesses to send their children to school, improve their families'
living conditions and nutrition, and expand their business" rather than spend
the money on themselves. n61 It has been asserted that women-owned businesses
financed by microloans have not only a positive impact on their families, but on
the entire community as a whole. n62 Women are also more likely to repay their
microloans with Grameen Bank, which boasts a repayment rate between ninety-five
and ninety-eight percent for all issued microloans. n63

   Women also have their own distinct reasons for taking advantage of the unique
lending structure offered by microfinance institutions. n64 Men often retain
control over potential collateral so women are unable to meet the collateral
requirements of commercial lenders. n65 Women are also more likely to abide by
the conditions of the solidarity lending model because they have fewer financing
alternatives available to them. n66 Microloans also help women balance family
and household obligations as a result of the flexibility offered by owning and
building their own businesses. n67

   Grameen Bank's microlending model has continued to grow and to diversify the
types of financial offerings available to women attempting to escape poverty.
n68 In 2002, the Grameen Bank introduced the Grameen Generalized System ("GGS").
n69 The GGS offered "loan flexibility, pension plans, self-guaranteed loan
insurance, and the community star system" used for the assessment of local
Grameen microlending branches. n70

   The Grameen Bank lending model has been widely acclaimed as a global success.
n71 Specifically, the solidarity lending model's focus on lending to female
borrowers is thought to empower women and to produce greater overall societal
gains. n72 Significant improvements in child survival  [*8]  and nutrition,
female healthcare, household decision-making, political activism, female control
of non-land assets, and input on small-and large-scale purchases have all been
attributed to empowering women through microfinance lending programs. n73 Some
studies also show that the marital relationships of microloan borrowers
experience a decrease in domestic violence. n74

   A. Criticisms of the Solidarity Lending Microfinance Model

 The solidarity lending model has not been without its critics throughout the
years. n75 More recently, questions have been raised as to the effectiveness of
the microfinance solidarity lending model and whether it truly offers the tools
necessary for a reduction in the poverty of the borrower. n76 Some critics
believe solidarity lending has the potential for easy manipulation of the female
borrower by male relatives, does not offer true female empowerment, and has not
been accurately evaluated as to its true success. n77

   Generally, peer lending groups offer non-traditional borrowers the
opportunity to receive loans from legitimate lenders. n78 Lack of a credit
history and collateral no longer remain obstacles to borrowers once they are
deemed trustworthy enough to join an independent peer lending group. n79 The
noble intentions behind a peer lending group, however, may become undone if
manipulation and fraud are perpetrated by those very same members. n80 One study
found instances where extended families have utilized the peer lending structure
to gain full control of one or more groups. n81 The extended family's membership
within a peer lending group artificially creates the appearance of
credit-worthiness since independent members of the community are not present to
evaluate the borrower's ability to repay loans. n82 Instead, the extended family
members comprise the deception so that each family member may have access to the
additional loan capital provided by their relatives' various peer group
memberships. n83

   Borrowers may still be confronted by challenges even if independent members
of the community are included within their peer lending circle. n84 Access to
capital through a peer lending circle offers a potential local financing option
among the poor found in the community. n85 Thus, the stakes  [*9]  surrounding
microfinance loans can be quite high and lead to violent or coercive methods of
inducing repayment. n86 Some studies have found that members of a peer lending
group will sell the delinquent borrower's household items or commit vicious acts
against the borrower to induce repayment. n87 Thus, the borrower must deal with
predatory behaviors similar to those utilized by loan sharks. n88

   Women traditionally have comprised the largest category of microfinance loan
borrowers; n89 however, critics question whether women are truly empowered by
access to microfinance loans. n90 Some women are pressured by male family
members to approach microfinance institutions for access to loans. n91 The loans
may be in the woman's name, but will not be spent on business opportunities for
the borrower. n92 In these cases, the women merely act as another conduit of
funding in a male-dominated environment. n93 Therefore, these women are not
empowered by borrowing money and making investment decisions.

   Even if manipulation of the peer lending model did not exist, disagreement
still remains as to how successful microfinance lending has been in alleviating
poverty. n94 Much of the existing controversy regarding microfinance's success
directly relates to how the goals of microfinance are articulated and how
realization of those goals is measured. n95 Some argue success should be
measured in terms of increased market participation instead of less tangible and
more subjective social factors like female empowerment and children's
well-being. n96 Improved social factors may only develop as a result of the
microloan's infusion of capital and not from investment of the loan into a
profitable business venture. n97 Terms used to define success also make it
difficult to determine whether microfinance is truly a revolutionary
poverty-reducing and empowering tool for those in need of credit. n98

    [*10]  Many also doubt the long-term feasibility of microfinance programs
despite any current acknowledged success. n99 Most microfinance institutions are
heavily subsidized and do not have access to a continuous source of independent
financing. n100 In response, some microfinance institutions have become more
commercial in nature and focus their energies on maximizing profits generated
from microloan recipients in order to continue operations. n101

   The perceived success of microfinance lending institutions has led to a sharp
increase in the number of lenders available to those in poverty, thus leading to
a potential oversaturation of the market. n102 Access to multiple avenues of
credit has been particularly problematic for the average unsophisticated
microfinance borrower. n103 Repayment pressure has caused borrowers to take out
additional microfinance loans from different institutions in order to repay the
original loan. n104 Some borrowers even turn back to the loan sharks that
microfinance institutions were meant to replace. n105 High interest rates on
both microfinance and loan shark loans cause the borrowers most in need to fall
even deeper into the well of poverty. n106 Sadly, some microfinance borrowers
facing both ostracism from their community and ever-increasing loan payments
turn to suicide to escape their financial problems. n107

   Despite mixed views toward the solidarity lending microfinance model,
proponents still believe it has the potential to help the poor. n108 Developed
countries have also taken notice of the potential that microfinance has to
alleviate poverty and empower women both abroad and at home. n109 Some
government development agencies and private entities located within developed
countries offer financial support to foreign microfinance institutions. n110
Other governments and private entities have taken their belief in  [*11]
microfinance even further and have practiced some form of microfinance lending
for their own citizens. n111

   B. Increased Interest from the International Community

 Many lenders have attempted to successfully replicate the results attributed to
the Grameen Bank's microfinance program. n112 The global financial crisis
renewed focus on microfinance since many borrowers now had difficulty obtaining
credit from traditional commercial institutions. n113 Today, the microfinance
industry serves more than 150 million borrowers and includes hundreds of lending
institutions worldwide. n114

   International regulators have also taken note of microfinance's popularity.
n115 Both the Consultative Group to Assist the Poor (CGAP) and Basel Committee
have issued reports and guidance as to how microlenders should proceed with
their lending practices. n116 Although these reports are non-binding, they
reflect the level of international prominence microfinance has attained as a
viable solution to the reduction of poverty. n117

   The CGAP report, for example, suggests regulatory flexibility nurtures
innovation and competition among microfinance lending institutions. n118
However, a delicate balance must be obtained as not to trump regulatory
oversight which prevents lenders from simply taking advantage of less stringent
microfinance regulations. n119 As a country's economy becomes more
sophisticated, microfinance institutions can look beyond peer lending groups to
private or public credit information systems to expand access to financial
services to the poor and middle-class. n120 More advanced economies may also see
microfinance institutions drawing funds from commercial banks. n121 If
microfinance institutions that operate in more sophisticated economies become
intertwined with commercial lending practices and the middle-class, then
impoverished women may have future difficulty accessHD  [*12]  ing microloans
due to evolving borrower standards. n122 Poverty-stricken women in the U.S. have
started to see this scenario play out in their daily lives. n123

   IV. Introduction of Microfinance to the U.S.

 The concept of microfinance is not brand new within the U.S. n124 As with most
developed countries, microfinance in the U.S. has adapted to the unique
circumstances found in the economy and subsequently does not use the exact same
principles and structure found in Grameen Bank's solidarity lending model. n125
The sophisticated American economy, complex regulatory environment and cultural
differences make implementation of a traditional microfinance lending model very
challenging. n126 Therefore, the U.S.'s microfinance industry needed to develop
and gain credibility before it could become a more widely accepted solution for
the alleviation of poverty. n127

   Microfinance lending institutions focusing on women and the economically
disadvantaged first began to take hold in the U.S. during the 1970s and 1980s.
n128 During the 1990s, the number of microfinance institutions serving local
communities within the U.S. grew and nonprofit lenders existed in every state.
n129 Microfinance lending also received increased attention from the U.S.
federal government. n130 As of 2011, 362 microfinance institutions existed
nationally. n131

    [*13]  However, microfinance programs in the U.S. differ from the original
Grameen model in a few important ways. First, microloans made to individuals are
typically defined as loans less than $ 35,000. n132 The average microloan is for
$ 11,000. n133 Second, U.S. microfinance institutions typically do not resort to
peer lending groups to determine a borrower's credit history or serve as
collateral. n134 Third, significant emphasis is placed on the development of
entrepreneurial skills. n135 Lastly, microfinance programs are subject to a much
more complicated regulatory structure. n136

   V. Access to Credit, the Recession, and Current-Day Microfinance in the U.S.

 Access to credit is important for the development of new and existing
businesses. n137 Historically, American women have faced additional obstacles
when trying to obtain credit from traditional commercial lenders. n138 The U.S.
attempted to deter discriminatory practices in the lending industry with the
passage of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA) of 1974, one of the federal
fair lending laws, which prohibits discrimination in lending based on an
applicant's personal characteristics, such as race, gender, color, religion,
national origin, marital status, or age. n139 Under ECOA, lenders generally may
not ask about or document such information as part of the criteria used to make
lending decisions. n140 The general ban on this type of data was meant to
prevent lenders from unlawfully considering it when evaluating an applicant's
credit worthiness. n141 On the other hand, inability to gather this information
makes it considerably more difficult to ascertain whether discriminatory
behavior exists among lenders toward female borHD  [*14]  rowers. n142 Instead,
discriminatory trends must be discerned from a borrower's self-reported data.
n143

   Despite the passage of the ECOA, women may potentially face subtle
discrimination when applying for small-business loans. n144 Scholars have
conducted multiple studies to determine what, if any, gender differences exist
for women-owned businesses attempting to obtain outside financing. n145
Surprisingly, studies found no overt gender bias present in the approval rate of
women-owned small businesses. n146 However, some noticeable differences were
found in the type and amount of financing applied for and secured by women-owned
businesses. n147

   Firstly, women-owned businesses are less likely to apply for bank loans and
other external financing options. n148 Some believe the perception of gender
discrimination has become a self-fulfilling prophecy and subsequently
discourages women to apply for financing. n149 Of the women that chose to apply
for business loans, little difference existed in how often they were turned down
as compared to their male counterparts. n150 Firm size and industry sector
normally retained much more influence on the approval of a loan application,
rather than the gender of the applicant. n151

   A noticeable difference existed in the loan size sought by women-owned
businesses as compared to men-owned businesses. n152 This discrepancy remains
even when survey results controlled for the size of the firm seeking the loan.
n153 Some women-owned businesses most likely faced challenges in raising debt
and other financing due to their concentration in the service and retail
sectors, small size, limited business experience, and inability to provide
established credit histories for new businesses. n154

   Recent studies indicate that women may not be experiencing blatant gender
discrimination when applying for loans. n155 However, it is troubling that this
may have less to do with actual lending practices than with women relegating
themselves to alternate forms of financing before the loan appliHD  [*15]
cation process has even begun. n156 Of those women that do choose to apply for a
loan, they request significantly less capital due to the belief that the bank
will not be willing to provide them with the necessary funding. n157 The
disproportionate amount of women involved in the retail and service industry may
be symptomatic of women's need to balance family and business demands. n158

   Loan requests have also been tied to "whether a woman has been "pulled' or
"pushed' into entrepreneurship." n159 Women who are "pulled" into
entrepreneurship choose to form a business because they recognize an
opportunity. n160 Women who are "pushed" into entrepreneurship usually form a
business out of economic necessity due to job loss or divorce. n161 Push factors
may cause women to enter into less profitable businesses and shy away from debt
financing. n162 The hybrid purpose found in many microfinance institutions,
which include career counseling and customer relationship-building, has the
potential to be immensely valuable to a "pushed" borrower's future success in
business ventures.

   A. The "Man"cession

 The National Bureau of Economic Research determined that the U.S. experienced a
recession between December 2007 and June 2009. n163 During that time, jobs held
by men accounted for more than seventy percent of all those lost. n164 Although
men may have experienced more initial job losses during the recession, the
recovery has generally moved more slowly for women n165 (although more recent
economic data has shown women and men gaining jobs back at roughly the same
rate). n166

   Even if women are able to find work, their contribution remains more limited,
since women generally experience decreased earning power as compared to men.
n167 In 2011, according to U.S. Census data released in  [*16]  September 2012,
the wage gap remained virtually unchanged, with women found to have only been
paid 77.0 cents for every dollar paid to their male counterparts compared to
77.4 cents in 2010. n168 Women already experiencing decreased earning power
combined with increased financial hardship require additional financial tools
which can help empower them to support themselves and their families.

   Some women affected by slow job creation may seek out entrepreneurial
ventures to support their family out of economic necessity. n169 Since these
women are being "pushed" into business, microfinance institutions may be the
missing link needed to ensure that these fledgling businesses receive adequate
access to capital and business counseling. n170 Otherwise, these women may be
subject to the same limited loan funding and pitfalls seen in prior studies,
therefore increasing the likelihood that they perpetuate the feminization of the
poverty cycle.

   B. The Small Business Administration and Microfinance Lending

 The Small Business Administration (SBA) is actively involved in distributing
funding loans to microfinance institutions seeking borrowers located within
their community. n171 Microfinance institutions provided with SBA funding are
known as microloan intermediaries. n172 Each intermediary microfinance lender
must ensure that he or she can repay the SBA loan within ten years. n173 The SBA
requires the intermediary to make a financial contribution and pledge to the SBA
a first lien secured interest on its micro-loan revolving fund, loan loss
reserve fund, and all notes receivable from microloans to serve as an incentive
toward the intermediary's eventual repayment of the SBA funding loan. n174

    [*17]  The SBA cedes the vast majority of its control to the microloan
intermediary after the original funding loan is disbursed. n175 Restrictions
only exist as to the maximum loan size and interest rate charged to a microloan
borrower. n176 Intermediaries then remain solely responsible for reviewing an
applicant's creditworthiness and granting a loan application. n177 Striking a
careful balance between fulfilling important social objectives and meeting SBA
funding loan repayment obligations present unique challenges for intermediary
microloan lenders trying to target women experiencing immediate economic
hardship.

   Demand for microfinance programs steadily increased at a relatively steady
rate prior to the recession in 2008, as measured by increasing lending activity.
n178 The need for microloans increased significantly after the beginning of the
recession. n179 However, originations of new microloans have not risen on par
with demand. n180 Many microlenders cite "increasing levels of delinquency,
workouts and loan extensions ... [along with] increasing their loan loss reserve
ratios," and have dramatically increased the microfinance lender's overall
portfolio risk profile. n181 Microfinance lenders also emphasize both
collections and stricter practices and procedures in response to the increased
financial risk created by the recession. n182

   Increased challenges and repayment pressure are causing some SBA microlending
intermediaries to behave more like commercial lenders and to scrutinize
potential applicants more intensely. n183 Credit scores and an established track
record of sustainable business performance have now become more frequently
utilized by microlenders in making credit and loan distribution decisions. n184
However, tighter restrictions may cause women to experience some of the same
credit accessibility pitfalls originally emblematic of the commercial banking
world. n185 Thus, SBA intermediary microlenders must continually evaluate
whether they are truly accomplishing their social objectives while also
balancing fiscally responsible lending policy.

[*18]

   C. New Jersey SBA Intermediary Microlenders

 New Jersey borrowers have also been greatly affected by the financial crisis. A
2012 economic survey estimates that New Jersey may not get back to pre-recession
unemployment levels until nearly a decade from now. n186 Commercial bank loans
first felt the effects of the national constriction of credit. n187 Only the
most reliable borrowers with high credit scores, proven track records,
collateral, and attractive business plans found themselves in a position to be
offered loans by traditional commercial banks. n188 One local expert even noted
the shift, stating ""the only ones able to get loans are the strong businesses
that have a lot of collateral ... it's next to impossible to get funding for a
startup business right now.'" n189

   Previous access to commercial bank loans no longer made it likely that the
same business could expect a business loan in the future. n190 Newly-denied
small business borrowers now found themselves looking to microfinance lending
institutions for the opportunity to borrow funds. n191 For example, small
business owner, Jaime Chaves, sought financing from a commercial bank to expand
his restaurant. n192 The bank denied his loan request despite a proven track
record of success for the six years the restaurant had been open. n193

   Generally, women-owned businesses access a smaller amount of SBA loan funds
(including funds outside the SBA microloan program) than other businesses. n194
In past years, New Jersey women comprised a noticeably smaller amount of
SBA-backed loan recipients. n195 In fiscal year 2007, women accounted for only
23.6% of SBA loan activity. n196 In fiscal year 2008, women made some small
gains and represented 26.2% of SBA-backed loans. n197 The small gains were lost
in fiscal year 2009 when womHD  [*19]  en only accounted for 23.4% (261 out of
1,117) loans granted. n198 In 2010, this figure further decreased to 21% of
total SBA loans. n199 The 2011 and 2012 figures for women's access to SBA loans
have not been released at the time of this writing.

   Local business leaders and consultants believe New Jersey women are at a
disadvantage for accessing credit due to being ""less informed about how to get
access to capital.'" n200 The lack of knowledge about financing opportunities is
attributed to more limited experience in owning and running a business. n201
Therefore, local microfinance programs may be the missing link necessary to
provide less-established New Jersey small business owners (especially
women-owned small businesses) with access to capital.

   Local borrowers have certainly noticed microfinance's potential. As a result,
interest in providing microfinance loans in New Jersey has flourished due to the
tightened bank standards for conventional loans. n202 The SBA supports and
provides funding for three microfinance lending institutions in the State of New
Jersey. n203 The three are: the Cooperative Business Assistance Corporation,
Regional Business Assistance Corporation, and Union County Economic Development
Corporation ("UCEDC"). n204

   The rise in New Jersey SBA microfinance loan applications has magnified the
balance that must be struck between the lender's repayment concerns versus
advancement of important social objectives. n205 The President of the UCEDC
stated that her organization has often had to turn applicants down due to
insufficient collateral, overbearing credit card debt, and declining business
sales. n206 She explains: ""We borrow our money and then we relend it, and
whether we borrow it from a bank or the SBA, we have to pay it back - or the
banks won't lend us any more money, and neither will the SBA.'" n207 As more
attractive loan applicants with good credit n208 apply for microloans, it
becomes more enticing to pick the "safer" credit-worthy applicant to ensure
repayment. n209

    [*20]  Other New Jersey intermediary microlenders also appear to have
adopted this cautionary attitude. Most intermediary microlenders stress the
importance of a good credit history, financial statements, multiple years of
experience within the field of business for your start-up or a pre-existing
business, and/or some sort of collateral as criteria needed for loan approval.
n210 Less established and financially stable applicants will be at a great
disadvantage when trying to obtain any type of financing from a microloan
intermediary under this framework.

   Stricter lending standards implemented by intermediary microfinance
institutions may put women at a disadvantage when trying to access a program
originally meant to elevate them from poverty. n211 The slowing growth of
women-owned businesses also highlights the need for programs specifically
targeting them. n212 While microloans may serve as a great tool for small
established businesses during the financial crisis, SBA microlending
intermediaries appear to be missing the original target of microfinance lending
- women affected by poverty that, as a result, lack access to traditional
avenues of credit. n213 The current lending standards and practices of New
Jersey SBA microloan intermediaries may make it more difficult for women to
utilize their services and improve their standard of living through
entrepreneurial ventures. Of the SBA intermediary microlenders that offered
statistics, the Regional Business Assistance Corporation currently reports that
only thirty percent of their microloans are provided to women-owned businesses.
n214 The UCEDC fared slightly better and provided approximately forty-three
percent of its funding to women-owned businesses in 2010. n215 However, the
UCEDC did not offer a breakdown for 2011. n216

   The State of New Jersey may have implemented a program that is more true to
microfinance's origins. The New Jersey Women's Micro-Business Assistance Act is
similar to the SBA microloan program in that the govHD  [*21]  ernment disburses
funding loans to nonprofit community development corporations or statewide
organizations that offer adequate recipient business training, community
support, and sufficient operating capital. n217 However, these funds are
specifically allocated for women facing serious economic challenges and are
underserved by their local lenders. n218 Lenders may provide loans of up to $
5,000 to women-owned businesses with little to no business experience. n219
Focus on training and community support more closely aligns this program with
the original microfinance model. n220 Aligning microfinance lending programs
focused on indigent women more closely to a non-profit business model rather
than a commercial lending model may be a better way to support the original
intent of microfinance programs while also being realistic about the borrower's
ability to repay a loan.

   D. Increased Federal Attention to Small Business Borrowing Practices and
Microloans

 The federal government has actively pursued solutions for the financial crisis
and the resulting effect on credit. President Barack Obama signed the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank") into law on July
21, 2010. n221

   The passage of the Dodd-Frank Act requires lenders to inquire whether a small
business is woman-owned, which directly contradicts the Equal Credit Opportunity
Act. n222 Collection of this information is meant to "facilitate enforcement of
fair lending laws and enable communities, governmental entities, and creditors
to identify business and community development needs and opportunities of
women-owned ... businesses." n223 Previous incomplete data made it difficult to
determine whether discrepancies in loan rates for women occurred as a result of
gender discrimination by the commercial lender or strictly due to the type of
businesses in which women choose to engage. n224 Additional information
collected under this new regulation has the potential to unlock the true lending
patterns experienced by women seeking loans for new businesses from commercial
lenders and to provide a better framework for corrective action.

   Global attention furnished on the economic potential of microfinance lending
has also not gone unnoticed by the federal government. SubchapHD  [*22]  ter VII
of Dodd-Frank, known as the "Improving Access to Mainstream Financial
Institutions Act," provides incentives that encourage low and medium income
people to participate in the financial system. n225 The "small dollar loan
program" encompasses community development financial institutions or any
partners involved in loans to consumers that do not exceed $ 2,500 to the
unbanked and under-banked. n226 Microfinance lending institutions are considered
a subset of community development financial institutions ("CDFIs") that are
largely involved with making loans to small community businesses. n227

   The Dodd-Frank small-dollar lending program has the potential to further
elevate microfinance into the national spotlight as a viable solution for women
experiencing economic distress within the U.S. However, it is extremely
important that implementation of the program does not lose sight of the original
microfinance objective to help impoverished women obtain access to capital.

   More recently, President Obama signed the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
("JOBS") Act into law. n228 The JOBS Act is meant to make it easier for small
businesses to raise money. n229 The law increased microloan limits from $ 35,000
to $ 50,000 in an attempt to help "larger entrepreneurs with start-up costs and
small business owners in underserved communities." n230 The JOBS Act also tries
to level the financing playing field by allowing businesses that lack
traditional avenues of credit to "crowdfund" sources of financing. n231 As this
method of fundraising develops, it could prove to be a great small-scale funding
alternative for women-owned businesses since it drives down the cost of raising
capital, and allows women to independently take charge of their fundraising
efforts as well as to avoid some of the traditional pitfalls of commercial forms
of credit. n232

   VI. Conclusion

 Microfinance lending has found a distinct identity under the Grameen solidarity
lending microfinance model used in developing nations. The developed world,
however, has run into additional complications that have  [*23]  muddled the
original intentions and target of microfinance lending. n233 Complex economies,
numerous regulatory concerns, and the increased cost of doing business have
brought many additional challenges to microfinance lenders in the developed
world. These issues must be overcome if microfinance institutions in the
developed world wish to remain true to the philosophical beginnings of
microfinance lending and to empower impoverished women to achieve financial
success.

   The financial crisis demonstrated how important access to credit is for small
business owners. The severe contraction in credit from standard commercial
lenders highlighted the need and possible pitfall for alternative lending
programs, such as microfinance lenders. Prior to the recession, microfinance
lending institutions had the ability to focus efforts on borrowers that may be
more high risk but also most in danger of falling into poverty without outside
financial assistance. The credit crunch, however, caused constriction of many
traditional avenues of credit and forced many former commercial borrowers to
seek loans with alterative lenders - including microfinance lending
institutions.

   New Jersey's Small Business Administration intermediary microlenders
exemplified the problems facing microfinance institutions in the U.S. The influx
of borrowers with better credit profiles during and after the recession caused
microlenders to make difficult choices and to choose more traditional
credit-worthy borrowers in order to repay their original funding sources. While
microlenders helped many small-business owners to obtain capital and maintain
their businesses after being denied commercial lending options, these monetary
resources were kept from others in more desperate need. As a result, borrowers
traditionally targeted by a microlender's social objectives (like poor women)
now found themselves squeezed out of the market. The original targets of
microfinance needed this infusion of capital more than ever since many women now
found themselves unwillingly pushed into the entrepreneurial marketplace to
provide a living for themselves and their families.

   The behavior seen during the financial crisis highlights the grave danger
that another severe economic contraction will likely be met with the same
behavior unless specific programs are allocated to assisting impoverished women.
Increased attention by the federal government through Dodd-Frank and the JOBS
Act could prove useful in preventing this problem from occurring in the future.
The State of New Jersey's use of a dedicated microloan program for women
experiencing economic hardship is a step in the right direction in ensuring poor
women do not continue to experience and perpetuate the feminization of poverty.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawDepository InstitutionsCommercial BanksCriminal Law &
ProcedureJuvenile OffendersCriminal OffensesStatus OffensesReal Property
LawFinancingMortgages & Other Security InstrumentsMortgagor's Interests

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Sam Daley-Harris, A Champion of Yes We Can, Grameen Bank (Aug. 5, 2009),
http://www.grameen.com/index.php?option=com_content& task=view&id=650&Itemid=.





n2.  Id. ("It was in that [Bangladeshi] village that he [Professor Yunus] met a
stool maker who horrified him when she explained that she earned only two cents
a day for her beautiful craftsmanship.").





n3.  Id.





n4.  Id.





n5.  Id.





n6.  See Rachel Kaufman, 10 Top Microfinance Companies, CNN Money,
money.cnn.com/galleries/2011/smallbusiness/1107/gallery.top&usc
ore;microfinance_companies/index.html (last updated July 15, 2011, 3:46 PM)
(presenting a list of top microfinance programs in the U.S.).





n7.  See infra Parts I-III.





n8.  See infra Part II.





n9.  Id.





n10.  See infra Part III.





n11.  Elisabeth Malkin, Microfinance's Success Sets Off a Debate in Mexico, N.Y.
Times, Apr. 5, 2008, at C1, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/05/business/worldbusiness/0
5micro.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0 (discussing the evolution of microfinance,
straying from its original purpose as poverty eradicator to possibly, big
business).





n12.  See, e.g., Women's Microfinance Initiative, How it Works! - The WMI Loan
Program Overview, YouTube (Apr. 27, 2011),
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=9kA7bEgnYro#!.





n13.  See David Bornstein, An Attack on Grameen Bank, and the Cause of Women,
N.Y. Times Blog (Aug. 22, 2012, 7:00 AM),
http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/08/22/an-attack-on-grameen-bank-and-th
e-cause-of-women/ (detailing how the Bangladeshi government subjected Grameen
Bank to subversive tactics in an attempt to gain control over the bank's
operations and remove Professor Yunus from its helm).





n14.  See Soutik Biswas, India's Micro-finance Suicide Epidemic, BBC News,
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-11997571 (last updated Dec. 15, 2010,
5:12 AM) (commenting that coercive practices and indebtedness of lenders have
led many Indian micro-loan borrowers to commit suicide).





n15.  See William H. Bohnett, Turning Lenders into Partners, World Policy Blog
(Nov. 11, 2010, 12:43 PM),
http://www.worldpolicy.org/blog/2010/11/11/turning-lenders-partners
("Microfinance should do more than simply make loans; it should nurture
entrepreneurs.").





n16.  See infra Part IV.





n17.  See generally David Brady & Denise Kall, Nearly Universal, but Somewhat
Distinct: The Feminization of Poverty in Affluent Western Democracies, 1969 -
2000, 37 Soc. Sci. Res. 976 (2008), available at
http://www.soc.duke.edu/[#x7E]brady/web/SSR07.pdf (considering the multivariate
factors involved in dissecting gender-specific poverty); see also United Nations
Dep't of Pub. Info., The Feminization of Poverty, UN Women (May 2000),
http://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/followup/session/presskit/fs1.htm.





n18.  Brady, supra note 17.





n19.  The Elgar Companion to Feminist Economics 373 (Janice Peterson & Margaret
Lewis eds., 1999).





n20.  Id.





n21.  Id. at 374.





n22.  See Poverty in the United States: A Snapshot, Nat'l Center for Law and
Econ. Just., http://www.nclej.org/poverty-in-the-us.php (last visited Jan. 10,
2012).





n23.  See Heidi Brown, How to Get Startup Capital for Your Business, Forbes (May
19, 2010, 12:15 PM),
http://www.forbes.com/2010/05/19/small-business-startups-great-ideas-forbes-woma
n-entrepreneurs-funding.html (discussing the strict approval processes for
various loans).





n24.  See id.





n25.  Charlotte E. Lott, Why Women Matter: The Story of Microcredit, 27 J.L. &
Com. 219, 222 (2009).





n26.  Id.





n27.  Id.





n28.  Id.





n29.  Id. at 225.





n30.  See, e.g., Keith Epstein & Geri Smith, The Ugly Side of Microlending,
Bloomberg Bus. Week (Dec. 12, 2007), available at
http://www.businessweek.com/stories/2007-12-12/the-ugly-side-of-microlending
(describing one microlender's "loan failure rate ... [as being] just 1% [due to
the lender's willingness to consider the value of the borrower's seized goods
towards repayment of the debt]. However, banks serving more prosperous clients
average a 5.3% default rate on consumer loans.").





n31.  Microfinance Basics, Grameen Found.,
http://www.grameenfoundation.org/what-we-do/microfinance/microfinance-basics
(last visited June 29, 2012) [hereinafter Basics].





n32.  Id.





n33.  Kate Bennett, Loan Sharks, Microloans and the Highest Interest Rates
Around (they aren't on Kiva), Kiva, (Aug. 24, 2011),
http://pages.kiva.org/fellowsblog/2011/08/24/loan-sharks-microloans
-and-the-highest-interest-rates-around-they- aren%E2%80%99t-on-kiva. The poor
often do not have access to legal commercial lenders. Id. During times of
hardship, the poor turn to family or loan sharks for money. Id. A loan shark is
"an illegal moneylender who charges exorbitant interest rates to borrowers
unable to obtain a loan elsewhere." Id. The high interest rates trap borrowers
in a cycle of debt with little means of legal recourse since the borrowing
activities are illegal themselves. Id. Loan sharks are also known to use violent
measures to collect money from borrowers. Id. Microlending offers the poor the
opportunity to build credit and remove themselves from this cycle of violence
and poverty. Id.





n34.  Jay Lee, Equity and Innovation: Using Traditional Islamic Banking Models
to Reinvigorate Microlending in Urban America, 16 Ind. Int'l & Comp. L. Rev.
523, 526 (2006).





n35.  Steven L. Schwarcz, Helping Microfinance Become Commercially Sustainable,
46 Gonz. L. Rev. 495, 495 (2011).





n36.  See id.; see also Terry M. Dworkin & Cindy A. Schipani, Linking Gender
Equity to Peaceful Societies, 44 Am. Bus. L.J. 391, 411 (2007).





n37.  Dworkin, supra note 36; Sikina S. Hasham, Microfinance Regulation as a Way
to Protect Poverty Alleviation, Hum. Rts. Brief (Feb. 9 2011),
http://hrbrief.org/2011/02/microfinance-regulation-as-a-way-to-protect-poverty-a
lleviation/.





n38.  Hasham, supra note 37.





n39.  Lee, Equity and Innovation, supra note 34, at 527.





n40.  See Rashmi Dyal-Chand, Reflection in a Distant Mirror: Why the West has
Misperceived the Grameen Bank's Vision of Microcredit, 41 Stan. J. Int'l L. 217,
219-20 (2005).





n41.  Id. ("Probably the most lauded innovation of the Grameen Bank model is its
use of a solidarity circle, where small groups of borrowers guarantee each
other's loans as a substitute for physical collateral.").





n42.  Id. at 220.





n43.  Basics, supra note 31.





n44.  Dyal-Chand, supra note 40, at 220.





n45.  Lott, supra note 25, at 224.





n46.  Lee, Equity and Innovation, supra note 34, at 528.





n47.  Id. at 528-29.





n48.  Id. at 529.





n49.  Dyal-Chand, supra note 40, at 220.





n50.  Lott, supra note 25, at 224.





n51.  Dyal-Chand, supra note 40, at 220 (noting that "the peer pressure that ...
members [of a peer group] impose on each other is the collateral for the
loans.").





n52.  Id. at 284.





n53.  Lee, Equity and Innovation, supra note 34, at 529.





n54.  Dyal-Chand, supra note 40, at 255.





n55.  Id. at 220.





n56.  Id. at 227.





n57.  Id.





n58.  Id. at 233.





n59.  Lee, Equity and Innovation, supra note 34, at 528-29.





n60.  Dyal-Chand, supra note 40, at 228.





n61.  Basics, supra note 31.





n62.  Id.





n63.  Id. Grameen Bank's repayment rate has recently come under controversy. See
Epstein & Smith, supra note 30. Some international microfinance institutions
have been accused of using predatory and coercive collection practices in order
to achieve such high repayment rates. See id. Due to the surge in available
microcredit lenders, borrowers have taken on additional loans to pay off their
prior debts. Id. High interest rates charged on multiple microloans continue to
push these borrowers further into poverty. James Melik, Microcredit in Focus
Amid Moves to Oust Grameen's Yunus, BBC News (Mar. 3, 2011, 8:30 PM),
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-12634137.





n64.  Lott, supra note 25, at 225.





n65.  Id.





n66.  Id.





n67.  Id.





n68.  Lee, Equity and Innovation, supra note 34, at 529.





n69.  Id.





n70.  Id.





n71.  Isobel Coleman, Defending Microfinance, 29 Fletcher F. World Aff. 181, 181
(2005).





n72.  Id. at 186.





n73.  Id. at 184, 186.





n74.  Id. at 186.





n75.  See id. at 181.





n76.  Id.





n77.  See Dyal-Chand, supra note 40, at 240, 262-64.





n78.  See id. at 219.





n79.  See id. at 220-21.





n80.  See id. at 254-55.





n81.  See id. at 255.





n82.  Id.





n83.  See id.





n84.  See id.





n85.  See Schwarcz, supra note 35.





n86.  See Dyal-Chand, supra note 40, at 255-56.





n87.  Id.





n88.  See Bennett, supra note 33.





n89.  Froth at the Bottom of the Pyramid, The Economist (Aug. 25, 2009),
http://www.economist.com/node/14298996.





n90.  See Dyal-Chand, supra note 40, at 264.





n91.  Id.





n92.  See id.





n93.  See id.





n94.  See Microfinance's Elusive Quest: Finding an Accurate Measure of Social
Impact, Knowledge @ Wharton, (Nov. 24, 2009),
http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article.cfm?articleid=2391.





n95.  See id.





n96.  Dyal-Chand, supra note 40, at 244.





n97.  See Dean Karlan, What Percentage of Microfinance Loans Actually Go to
Business Investment?, Freakonomics (Sept. 19, 2011, 2:18 PM),
http://www.freakonomics.com/2011/09/19/what-percentage-of-microfinance-loans-act
ually-go-to-business- investment/.





n98.  See Dyal-Chand, supra note 40, at 244-45.





n99.  See, e.g., Beatriz Armendariz de Aghion & Jonathan Morduch, The Economics
of Microfinance 9, 11 (2d ed. 2010).





n100.  See id. at 18.





n101.  See Yoolim Lee & Ruth David, Suicides in India Revealing How Men Made a
Mess of Microcredit, Bloomberg (Dec. 28, 2010, 5:00 PM),
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2010-12-28/suicides-among-borrowers-in-india-show-
how-men-made-a-mess-of- microcredit.html#.





n102.  See Under the Microscope: Microfinance's Latest Growing Pains, Knowledge
@ Wharton, (Mar. 7, 2011),
http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/10000women/article.cfm?artic leid=6257.





n103.  See id.





n104.  See id.





n105.  See Lee & David, supra note 101.





n106.  See generally Amy Kazmin, Microfinance: Small Loan, Big Snag, Financial
Times (Dec. 1, 2010, 8:30 PM),
http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3edfeba-fd85-11df-a049-00144feab49a.html#axzz1eBj5YSB
1 (registration required)(stating that Indian microlenders have been criticized
for offering microloans with interest rates ranging from twenty-seven percent to
thirty percent).





n107.  See Lee & David, supra note 101.





n108.  See Coleman, supra note 71, at 181-82.





n109.  The United Nations increased recognition of microfinance by declaring
2005 the "International Year of Microcredit." See Press Release, United Nations,
UN Launches International Year of Microcredit 2005, U.N. Press Release DEV/2492
(Nov. 18, 2004).





n110.  See Raimer Dieckmann, Microfinance: An emerging investment opportunity
5-6 (Bernhard Speyer ed. 2007), available at
https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/DBR_INTERNET_DE-PROD/PROD0000000000219174/Microf
inance%3A+An+emerging+investmen t+opportunity.pdf; see also Coleman, supra note
71, at 184.





n111.  See Narayan Lakshman, Microfinance Deployed in Developed World Too, The
Hindu (Sept. 21, 2010),
http://www.thehindu.com/business/companies/article738719.ece.





n112.  See Knowledge @ Wharton, What Went Wrong With Microfinance?, Time
Business (Mar. 14, 2012),
http://business.time.com/2012/03/14/what-went-wrong-with-microfinancing/
[hereinafter Knowledge @ Wharton].





n113.  See Kristina Shevory, With Squeeze on Credit, Microlending Blossoms, N.Y.
Times (July 28, 2010),
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/07/29/business/smallbusiness/29sbiz .html?_r=2&db.





n114.  See Knowledge @ Wharton, supra note 112.





n115.  See Hasham, supra note 37.





n116.  See id.





n117.  See id.





n118.  See Robert P. Christen et al., CGAP Microfinance Consensus Guidelines:
Guiding Principles On Regulation and Supervision of Microfinance 5 (Aug. 21,
2003), available at
http://info.worldbank.org/etools/docs/library/83619/cgap&uscore ;paper.pdf.





n119.  See id. at 6.





n120.  See id.





n121.  See id. at 13.





n122.  See id.





n123.  See, e.g., Nicole Skibola, Bringing the "Girl Effect" Back Home:
Microfinance Projects for American Women, Huffington Post (Feb. 23, 2011, 3:42
PM),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/nicole-skibola/microfinance-american-women_b_82688
4.html.





n124.  See Opportunity Fund, Microlending in the United States: A Timeline
History, 1973-2010, 3-4 (2010), available at
http://www.accionsandiego.org/documents/HistoryofMicrofinancein US2010_000.pdf.





n125.  See American Offshoots: Will Microfinance Ever Really Take Root in the
U.S.?, Knowledge @ Wharton, (June 17, 2011),
http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article.cfm?articleid=2797 [hereinafter
American Offshoots].





n126.  See id.





n127.  See id.





n128.  Microfinance lending for disadvantaged communities first appeared during
the early 1970s. Opportunity Fund, supra note 124, at 3. ShoreBank Corporation
in Chicago provided investment capital to businesses that did not have access to
credit from the city's larger financial institutions. Id. Women's Economic
Development in Bozeman, Montana focused on making mainstream financial
opportunities accessible to female entrepreneurs. Id. In 1977, the U.S.
government helped lay the groundwork for microfinance by passing the Community
Reinvestment Act (CRA), requiring federally regulated depository institutions to
provide banking services catering to the communities in which they operate,
including low-income neighborhoods. Id. In the 1980s, the Self-Help organization
expanded on the U.S. microfinance model by offering business advising, and
affordable housing financing. Id. By the late 1980s, U.S. microfinance had found
a home in addition to support from Congress, academia, and charitable
organizations. Id.





n129.  Id. at 4-5; Molly Richardson, Increasing Microlending Potential in the
U.S. Through a Strategic Approach to Regulatory Reform, 34 J. Corp. L. 923, 929
(2009).





n130.  In 1994, "Congress established the Community Development Financial
Institution Fund (CDFI Fund), which provides government investment directly to
CDFIs working in underserved communities." Opportunity Fund, supra note 124, at
4. In 1995, the Clinton administration shifted the focus of Community
Reinvestment Act (CRA) enforcement to a results-oriented approach. Id. at 5. The
Community Reinvestment Act now had the potential to make a stronger impact at
the community level. Id.





n131.  American Offshoots, supra note 125.





n132.  Tammy Hoy et al., Microenterprise and the Small-Dollar Loan Market 2
(2012), available at http://www.richmondfed.org/publications/research/economic_
brief/2012/pdf/eb_12-05.pdf.





n133.  Id. at 3.





n134.  Id.





n135.  American Offshoots, supra note 125.





n136.  See id.





n137.  See Betty J. Nash & Kimberly Zeuli, Small Business Lending During the
Recession 1 (2011), available at
http://www.richmondfed.org/publications/research/economic_
brief/2011/pdf/eb_11-02.pdf.





n138.  Gregory E. Ellieiiausen & Thomas A. Durkin, Theory and Evidence of the
Impact of Equal Credit Opportunity: An Agnostic Review of the Literature, 2 J.
of Fin. Servs. Res. 89, 90 (1989), available at
http://faculty.msb.edu/prog/CRC/pdf/R25.pdf.





n139.  Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1691(a)(1) (2011).





n140.  U.S. Gov't Accountability Office, GAO-08-698, Fair Lending: Race and
Gender Data are Limited for Nonmortgage Lending 20(2008), available at
http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d08698.pdf.





n141.  Id. at 2.





n142.  Id.





n143.  Id. at 13.





n144.  Susan Coleman & Alicia Robb, A Comparison of New Firm Financing by
Gender: Evidence from the Kauffman Firm Survey Data, 33 Small Bus. Econ. 397,
403 (2009), available at http://escholarship.org/uc/item/9mn5f8kt.





n145.  See id. at 399.





n146.  See id.





n147.  See id.





n148.  Id. at 399-400.





n149.  See id. at 399.





n150.  Id.





n151.  Id. at 400.





n152.  See id. at 399.





n153.  See id. at 401.





n154.  See id. at 405.





n155.  Sara Carter et al., Gender, Entrepreneurship, and Bank Lending: The
Criteria and Processes Used by Bank Loan Officers in Assessing Applications, 31
Entrepreneurship Theory & Prac. 427, 428 (2007).





n156.  See Coleman & Robb, supra note 144, at 400.





n157.  See id.





n158.  See id.





n159.  Michael H. Morris et al., The Dilemma of Growth: Understanding Venture
Size Choices of Women Entrepreneurs, 44 J. Small Bus. Mgmt. 221, 239 (2006),
available at http://cmapspublic3.ihmc.us/rid%3D1225699212203_28315892
7_6145/female1.pdf.





n160.  See id.





n161.  See id.





n162.  See id. at 237, 239.





n163.  See generally James H. Stock & Mark H. Watson, Disentangling the Channels
of the 2007-2009 Recession, NBER Working Paper No. 18094,
http://www.nber.org/papers/w18094 (May 2012)(inferring that the recessionary
period in the U.S. was from 2007 to 2009).





n164.  Heather Boushey, The End of the Mancession, Slate (Jan. 25, 2011, 10:14
AM), http://www.slate.com/articles/double_x/doublex/2011/01/t
he_end_of_the_mancession.html.





n165.  Stronger Recovery Reaching Women, Nat'l Women's Law Center (Nov. 2,
2012), http://www.nwlc.org/resource/stronger-recovery-reaching-women.





n166.  Annalyn Kurtz, Women and Men Are Now Even in the Jobs Recovery, CNN Money
(Dec. 9, 2012, 2:27 PM) ("But now, men and women have equal footing in the
recovery.").





n167.  Wage Gap Statistically Unchanged and Still Stagnant, Nat'l Committee on
Pay Equity, http://www.pay-equity.org/ (last updated Sept. 29, 2012).





n168.  Id.





n169.  See Morris, supra note 159, at 15 (explaining that an entrepreneur may be
"pushed into entrepreneurship (for example, by circumstances such as job loss)
or pulled (for example, recognized an exciting opportunity)").





n170.  See generally Lott, supra note 25 (discussing the proposition of
microloans for female micropreneurs).





n171.  How to Become a Microloan Intermediary, SBA.gov,
http://www.sba.gov/category/lender-navigation/working-with-sba/other-partnership
s-with-sba/how-become-microloan- intermediary (last visited Dec. 27, 2012).





n172.  Terms & Conditions for Intermediaries, SBA.gov,
http://www.sba.gov/content/terms-conditions-intermediaries (last visited Dec.
27, 2012) [hereinafter Terms].





n173.  Id.





n174.  Id. Both the microloan revolving fund and loan loss reserve fund require
the microlending institution to set aside a large amount of capital in order to
do business. Id. The microloan revolving fund is an "an interest-bearing deposit
account into which an intermediary must deposit the proceeds from SBA loans, its
contributions from non-Federal sources, and payments from its micro-loan
borrowers." Id. The loan loss reserve fund is an additional interest-bearing
deposit account used to pay any shortage in the microloan revolving fund due to
delinquencies or losses on outstanding microloans. Id. loan loss reserve fund
balances must equal fifteen percent of the outstanding balance of all
obligations owed by microloan borrowers. Id. Both the microloan revolving fund
and loan loss reserve fund must be maintained by the intermediary SBA lender
until the full amount of the original SBA funding loan is repaid. Id.





n175.  Terms, supra note 172.





n176.  Id.





n177.  Id.





n178.  Field, Surviving the Recession: How Microlenders are Coping with Changing
Demand, Risk, and Funding 2 (2010), available at
http://www.fieldus.org/publications/TrendlinesMicrofinance.pdf.





n179.  Id. at 3.





n180.  Id. at 3-4.





n181.  Id. at 6.





n182.  Id. at 4.





n183.  NJBIZ Staff, A Targeted Market for Newest SBA Loans, NJBiz.com (May 1,
2009, 3:00 AM), http://www.njbiz.com/article/20090501/NJBIZ01/305019975.





n184.  James Barron, Newly in Business, and Finding a Lifeline, N.Y. Times (Apr.
1, 2012),
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/04/02/nyregion/microlender-accion-extends-a-lifeline
-to-small-businesses.html. Prominent microfinance lender, Accion, used to have
an average borrower with a credit score below 600 prior to the recession. Id.
Now, borrowers with a score below 575 will not be accepted. Id.





n185.  Coleman & Robb, supra note 144, at 400.





n186.  Eliot Caroom, New Jersey's Employment Outlook Pushed Back 10 Years for
Return to Pre-Recession Levels, NJ.com (Apr. 19, 2012, 12:22 PM),
http://www.nj.com/business/index.ssf/2012/04/new_jerseys
_employment_outlook.html.





n187.  Nick Leiber, Why Banks Won't Lend to This Guy's Profitable Business, Bus.
week (Feb. 27, 2012),
http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2012-02-27/why-banks-wont-lend-to-this-guys
-profitable-business.





n188.  See id; see also NJBIZ Staff, In Securing Credit, Women Must Clear Unique
Hurdles, NJBiz.com, http://www.njbiz.com/article/20091211/NJBIZ01/312119977
(last modified Mar. 1, 2011, 10:24 AM) [hereinafter Securing Credit].





n189.  Securing Credit, supra note 188 (quoting Penni Nafus, Director of the
N.J. Assoc. of Women Bus. Owners' Women's Bus. Center).





n190.  Joseph R. Perone, Micro Loans Give N.J. Small Businesses a Helping Hand,
NJ.com (Feb. 28, 2010, 4:21 PM),
http://www.nj.com/business/index.ssf/2010/02/micro_loans
_give_small_busines.html.





n191.  Id.





n192.  Microloans Fill a Small-Business Cash Need, NJbiz.com (Jan. 14, 2009,
3:00 AM), http://www.njbiz.com/article/20090114/NJBIZ01/301149991[here inafter
Cash Needs].





n193.  Id.





n194.  See, e.g., Securing Credit, supra note 188; Evelyn Lee, SBA: Loans to
N.J.'s Women-Owned Business Owners Up 21 Percent, NJbiz.com (Mar. 1, 2011, 10:21
AM), http://www.njbiz.com/article/20100326/NJBIZ01/303269991/0/SEARCH.





n195.  Securing Credit, supra note 188.





n196.  Id.





n197.  Id.





n198.  Id.





n199.  Lee, SBA, supra note 194.





n200.  Securing Credit, supra note 188.





n201.  Id.





n202.  Andrew Kitchenman, Slim Pickings for Lenders Pushing Microloans in N.J.,
NJbiz.com (Aug. 8, 2011, 3:00 AM),
http://www.njbiz.com/article/20110808/NJBIZ01/110809908/0/SEARCH.





n203.  Microloan Program, SBA.Gov, http://www.sba.gov/content/microloan-program
(last visited Jan. 11, 2013).





n204.  Id.





n205.  See Cash Needs, supra note 192; Kitchenman, supra note 202.





n206.  Microlender Sees Big Upswing in Financing Requests, NJbiz.com (Aug. 3,
2009, 3:00 AM), http://www.njbiz.com/article/20090803/NJBIZ01/308039991/0/SEARCH
[hereinafter Financing Requests].





n207.  Id.





n208.  Shevory, supra note 113.





n209.  Financing Requests, supra note 206.





n210.  See Are You Ready for a Loan?, UCEDC,
http://www.ucedc.com/content/are-you-ready-loan (last visited Jan. 11, 2013);
Loan Requirements, RBAC LOAN,
http://www.rbacloan.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp
;view=article&id=51&Itemid=40 (last visited Mar. 3, 2012); Frequently Asked
Questions, CBAC Lenders, http://www.cbaclenders.com/faq.html (last visited Jan.
11, 2013).





n211.  Securing Credit, supra note 188.





n212.  Katie Eder, Agencies Partnering to Promote Opportunities for Female
Entrepreneurs, NJbiz.com (Mar. 27, 2012, 1:00 PM),
http://www.njbiz.com/article/20120327/NJBIZ01/120329846/0/NJBIZ01.





n213.  Although the standard of living in the U.S. may be better than that
experienced in the developing world, low-income American citizens still may have
trouble affording essentials like housing and food. See Associated Press, Census
Data: Half of U.S. Poor or Low Income, CBS News (Dec. 15, 2011, 6:25 AM),
http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-201_162-57343397/census-data-half-of-u.s-poor-or-low
-income/.





n214.  Statistics about RBAC, RBAC Loan,
http://www.rbacloan.com/index.php?option=com_content&
view=article&id=21&Itemid=37 (last visited Jan. 11, 2013).





n215.  Annual Highlights 2010, UCEDC,
http://www.ucedc.com/content/annual-highlights-2010 (last visited Jan. 11,
2013).





n216.  Annual Highlights 2011, UCEDC,
http://www.ucedc.com/content/annual-highlights-2011 (last visited Jan. 11,
2013).





n217.  New Jersey Women's Micro-Business Credit Act, N.J. Stat. Ann. §
52:27D-443 et seq. (West 1999).





n218.  Id.





n219.  Id.





n220.  Id.





n221.  Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, Pub. L.
III-203, § 342, 124 Stat. 1541 (2010) (codified as amended at 15 U.S.C. § 1691
(2010).





n222.  15 U.S.C. § 1691(b) (2010).





n223.  15 U.S.C.A. § 1691(c)(2)(a) (West 2010).





n224.  See, e.g., Yue Hu et al., The Racial and Gender Interest Rate Gap in
Small Business Lending: Improved Estimates Using Matching Methods (Mar. 2011),
available at
http://www.tulane.edu/[#x7E]economic/seminars/OndrichIntRateGap.pdf.





n225.  See Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, 12
U.S.C.A. §§5622, 5623 (West 2010).





n226.  See 12 U.S.C.A. § 5621 (West 2010). See also Small Dollar Loan Pilot
Program, Fed. Deposit Ins. Corp., www.fdic.gov/smalldollarloans (last updated
June 23, 2010).





n227.  Nicole Skibola, Lending for the Greater Good, Forbes (May 16, 2011, 4:34
PM), http://www.forbes.com/sites/csr/2011/05/16/lending-for-the-greater-good/.





n228.  President Obama Signs the JOBS Act Into Law, C-Span (Apr. 5, 2012, 5:24
PM),
http://www.c-span.org/Events/President-Obama-Signs-the-JOBS-Act-Into-Law/1073742
9665/.





n229.  Id.





n230.  Small Business Jobs Act of 2010, SBA, http://archive.sba.gov/jobsact/
(last visited Jan. 11, 2013).





n231.  Alan Hall, JOBS Act Hearings Prepare the U.S. for Expanded Crowdfunding
Market, Forbes (June 28, 2012, 8:04 PM),
http://www.forbes.com/sites/alanhall/2012/06/28/hearings-on-jobs-prepare-the-u-s
-for-expanded-crowdfunding-accelerating- startup-activity-creation-of-jobs/.





n232.  Id.





n233.  See, e.g., Epstein & Smith, supra note 30 (commenting on the increased
commercialization of microlending).


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2010 University of Pennsylvania School
               University of Pennsylvania Journal of Business Law

                                   Fall, 2010

               University of Pennsylvania Journal of Business Law

                            13 U. Pa. J. Bus. L. 275

LENGTH: 14601 words

Comment: Microcredit: Not Yet a Panacea to End Trafficking in Women

NAME: Katherine Driscoll*

BIO: * J.D. Candidate, University of Pennsylvania Law School, May 2010. A.B.
Political Science, 2008, Bryn Mawr College. Special thanks to the members of the
University of Pennsylvania's Journal of Business Law for their helpful editing
and comments. I would also like to thank my family for their love and
encouragement and Natalie for her constant support throughout this process.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... In order for microcredit to be truly successful in maximizing outreach to
the impoverished and assisting the women most vulnerable to trafficking, it is
essential that Microfinance Institutions (MFIs) provide credit to the poorest
women, allow flexibility in loan repayment, educate women about business and
savings, address cultural and gender issues that challenge women in these
patriarchal societies, and collaborate with local governments to ensure that aid
reaches the poorest segment of the population and that corruption among
government officials is eliminated.  ... Pressure to make immediate loan
repayments at high interest rates perpetuates poverty and can increase rates of
trafficking Women who are successful in obtaining a microloan must then grapple
with the tremendous pressure of making loan payments, particularly under the
group-lending structure where another group member's future credit hinges on the
success of the member currently borrowing.  ... Among 120 women borrowers, 21
women (18% of the sample) found that there was a decrease in aggression and
assault because of their involvement with the Grameen bank, 69 women (57%) saw a
rise in verbal aggression, and 16 women (13%) saw a rise in both verbal and
physical violence since they received their first loans.  ... Commentators have
described savings as the "forgotten half" of the MFIs' involvement in extending
microloans in developing countries.  ... There are also MFIs, including
SafeSave, that offer flexible savings programs to their clients.

TEXT:
 [*275]

   I. Introduction

 Human trafficking is a form of modern-day slavery. n1 Similar to traditional
slaveholders, traffickers retain complete control over the enslaved, who must
live and work as commanded by the trafficker. n2 Estimates vary widely on the
number of trafficking victims, but the range is between one and twenty-seven
million people. n3 Eighty percent of these victims are women. n4

   Although there are a number of factors that "push" women from countries of
origin and "pull" them into destination countries, the greatest underlying cause
of trafficking in women is poverty. n5

   In many cases, traffickers promise a better economic future and deceive women
into accepting a fraudulent offer of employment abroad. n6 Once travel is
underway, the trafficking situation begins. The trafficked  [*276]  woman's
passport is taken and her wages are withheld until the debt that is incurred to
travel to the destination country is repaid. n7 This is an almost insurmountable
task. n8 Those who try to escape are severely beaten, raped, and even killed. n9

   Microcredit has been lauded as a panacea to end poverty among women. n10 This
Comment argues that a successful microcredit program would substantially
decrease the number of trafficked women. By reducing poverty, women would be
less compelled to seek economic opportunities elsewhere, and thus much less
likely to fall prey to trafficking. However, this Comment also maintains that
the current microcredit system actually perpetuates poverty and increases the
likelihood of women being trafficked.

   In order for microcredit to be truly successful in maximizing outreach to the
impoverished and assisting the women most vulnerable to trafficking, it is
essential that Microfinance Institutions (MFIs) provide credit to the poorest
women, allow flexibility in loan repayment, educate women about business and
savings, address cultural and gender issues that challenge women in these
patriarchal societies, and collaborate with local governments to ensure that aid
reaches the poorest segment of the population and that corruption among
government officials is eliminated.

   This Comment proceeds as follows: Section II discusses human trafficking,
focusing on the major underlying cause of trafficking in women, poverty; Section
III examines what microcredit is and why it has been touted as a solution to
eliminating poverty among women; Section IV highlights the limitations of
microcredit that perpetuate cycles of poverty and increase women's vulnerability
to trafficking; Section V discusses recommendations for how to improve the
system by expanding access to credit, increasing flexibility in loan repayment,
providing non-financial services, and maintaining an ethos of social outreach,
rather than a focus on financial returns.

   II. Trafficking In Women: A Global Epidemic

 The United Nations Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in
Persons, Especially Women and Children defines human trafficking as follows:

    [*277]

the recruitment, transportation, transfer, harbouring or receipt of persons, by
means of the threat or use of force or other forms of coercion, of abduction, of
fraud, of deception, of the abuse of power or of a position of vulnerability or
of the giving or receiving of payments or benefits to achieve the consent of a
person having control over another person, for the purpose of exploitation.
Exploitation shall include, at a minimum, the exploitation of the prostitution
of others, or other forms of sexual exploitation, forced labour or services,
slavery or practices similar to slavery, servitude or the removal of organs. n11


 This definition highlights the fact that trafficking is an epidemic that
largely affects women and children and often involves sexual exploitation. It
also illustrates that trafficking includes forced labor and the removal of
organs as forms of exploitation. n12

   Estimates vary widely on the magnitude of trafficking. According to the U.S.
Department of State, approximately 800,000 people are trafficked across national
borders each year, and millions more are trafficked within their own country's
borders. n13 The International Labor Organization (ILO) estimates that more than
twelve million people are engaged in forced labor, including sexual
exploitation, as a result of trafficking. n14 Others, including NGOs such as
Free the Slaves (FTS), approximate that there are twenty-seven million victims
of trafficking. n15 It is estimated that more than 80% of trafficking victims
are women. n16 70% of female victims are trafficked into the commercial sex
industry. n17

   The U.S. Department of State notes that the nationalities of women that are
trafficked are, "as diverse as the world's cultures." n18 One-hundred sixty-one
countries are involved in human trafficking either as source, transit, and/or
destination countries. n19 Human trafficking affects every  [*278]  continent
and every type of economy. n20 However, the origin countries with a "very high"
rate of human trafficking are Albania, Belarus, Bulgaria, China, Lithuania,
Moldova, Nigeria, Romania, Russia, Thailand, and Ukraine. n21 These countries
have high unemployment, poverty, civil unrest, and unstable political regimes
that have left many women destitute and, as a result, high-risk targets for
trafficking. n22

   Human trafficking is the third largest international criminal enterprise,
behind only drugs and weapons smuggling. n23 The United Nations estimates that
the total market value of illicit human trafficking is $ 32 billion. n24
Approximately $ 10 billion is derived from the initial "sale" of the individual,
and the rest represents the estimated profits from the activities or goods
produced by the victims. n25

   A. The "typical" trafficking situation

 The women who are most vulnerable to trafficking are largely from poor, rural
countries. n26 Traffickers send recruiters to villages and towns to lure
financially insolvent women into accepting seemingly legitimate employment,
modeling, or matchmaking opportunities abroad. n27 The Internet is an effective
tool for attracting women to foreign cities with false promises of employment
and a better life, exacerbating this global epidemic. n28

    [*279]  In most cases, recruiters front the money to pay for travel
documents and transportation for these seemingly legitimate employment
opportunities. n29 However, once travel begins, the trafficking arrangement is
initiated. The victim's passport is taken and she is "immediately in the control
of the trafficker." n30 During the transit, the trafficker continues to assert
control over the victim through either violence or a "subtle process of
degradation and subjugation." n31

   Upon reaching the destination country, the victim's wages are withheld until
the debt that was incurred to travel to the destination country is repaid. n32
Paying off one's debt bondage is almost an impossible task. It is estimated that
a prostituted woman would have to service between 500 and 700 men just to pay
her travel debt. n33 According to the U.S. Department of State Trafficking in
Persons Report, "the [total] debt can never be repaid because the costs for
food, rent, medicines and condoms are added every day." n34

   In addition to debt bondage, women are prevented from escaping by security
guards, and are subjected to physical, mental, and sexual abuse. n35 Women who
try to escape or cooperate with police are often met with severe violence. n36
Studies have found that between one-quarter and one-half of trafficked women
seeking assistance from organizations that assist migrants have been severely
beaten and raped by their traffickers. n37

   B. Poverty is the major cause of trafficking in women

 The causes of trafficking in women largely stem from poverty. n38 The  [*280]
majority of the world's poor are women. Of the 1.3 billion people in poverty,
70% are women. n39 Women perform two-thirds of the world's work, but only earn
10% of the income and own 1% of the property. n40

   Furthermore, as developing economies globalize, many women are being
displaced from the workforce. n41 When the formerly communist countries of
Eastern Europe and Russia shifted to a market economy, women's employment fell
by as much as 40%. n42 Women looked for other work and became easy targets for
traffickers. n43 As a result, two-thirds of the 500,000 victims of the sex trade
in the European Union are from the Eastern European countries. n44

   Moreover, most poor women are uneducated, which means that they have limited
access to the labor market and are the first to lose their jobs in an economic
downturn. The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) estimates that in 2008
over 100 million children of primary school age were out of school and 52% of
them were girls. n45 Rural girls face even more barriers to receiving an
education due to traditional gender norms that discourage girls from attending
school. n46 Because women have high illiteracy rates and therefore fewer skills,
"the cycle of poverty is perpetuated." n47 Women who try to wrestle free from
this cycle by seeking economic opportunities elsewhere have a high risk of being
trafficked. n48

   Additionally, in many developing countries, discriminatory laws and practices
that tie women's legal, economic, and property rights to men exacerbate the
problem of women's poverty. n49 For example, in some cultures, new widows must
follow strict mourning practices, including a  [*281]  month of isolation. n50
During this time of isolation, inheritance laws allow the relatives of a
deceased man to confiscate the man's property from the widow and her children.
n51 In many cases, the widow may not withdraw money from her bank account or
take a job during this time. n52 When the woman is left in extreme poverty with
children to take care of, she is willing to accept almost any economic
opportunity, increasing the chances that she will become a victim of
trafficking. n53

   Finally, women living in poverty are often made more vulnerable to
trafficking by their own country's local government. n54 Some governments have
refused to fight trafficking or have even encouraged it because the local
community can profit economically from the trafficking. n55 Traffickers spend
money in the community where they hold their victims, injecting capital into
local businesses and infusing the local economy. n56 For example, a United
Nations study examining the trafficking of Filipinos to Malaysia found that
senior police officers that cooperated with the traffickers were given financial
incentives and free access to the sexual services of the trafficked women. n57
Corruption is an important component of trafficking operations and continues to
exacerbate the trafficking epidemic.

   III. What Is Microcredit And How Can It Alleviate Poverty And Deter
Trafficking In Women?

 Microcredit has been recognized as a "financial instrument and a tool of
poverty reduction." n58 If microcredit can succeed in providing poor  [*282]
women with enough financial stability that they are not burdened to seek a
better life elsewhere, it would be instrumental in decreasing rates of
trafficking in women. However, it is argued in this Comment that the current
microcredit system perpetuates poverty and increases women's susceptibility to
trafficking. Before discussing the limitations of microcredit, providing a
historical overview of the development of microcredit will be helpful to gain a
more complete picture of what microcredit is and what it does (and does not do)
for alleviating poverty and instances of trafficking in women.

   A. What is microcredit?

 Microcredit is defined as the extension of small, short-term loans to the very
poor who lack the traditional physical collateral that large institutional
lenders typically require. n59 The United Nations Capital Development Fund
(UNCDF) states that its goal in extending microcredit is "to create income and
employment in poor communities through development of local microenterprises
and, in the process, increase the financial well-being of borrowers, their
families, and the community at large." n60

   Typical microcredit activities include food production and sale, handicraft
production, repair services, and making clothes. n61 Instead of relying on local
moneylenders who often charge between 100 to 200% interest on loans, n62 poor
rural families can use microcredit to meet capital expenditures, including the
purchasing of bullocks, carts, agricultural tools, and other equipment necessary
to operate their businesses. n63

   B. The history of microcredit

 Professor Muhammad Yunus is often cited as the pioneer of  [*283]  microcredit.
n64 Yunus started the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh in 1976 with a $ 30 loan to a
group of forty-two basket weavers. n65 Grameen currently has disbursed more than
$ 5 billion in credit to more than 5.3 million clients in more than 57,790 of
Bangladesh's 68,000 villages. n66 Women comprise 97% of Grameen's borrowers. n67
Grameen reports high loan repayment rates, averaging between 95-98%. n68

   The Grameen system is a group-based lending model in which borrowers organize
themselves into groups of five. The group receives one loan and it must decide
which member will receive the loan first. n69 The average loan is $ 388 and
interest rates are approximately 20%. n70 The individual who receives the loan
is responsible for loan repayments but the group works together to make sure
that all loans are repaid on time so that the other group members will be able
to receive credit in the future. n71

   The Grameen system requires rigorous field supervision and weekly repayment
schedules. n72 The group members must meet every week to make interest and loan
payments and to review each other's business plans. When the loan is repaid,
another member is able to borrow. Although the bank monitors the group closely,
the incentive structure of the microloan also encourages peer monitoring. n73 In
sum, "the physical collateral requirement is replaced by the peer group's
pressure for the borrower to repay." n74 This social collateral has been
successful in ensuring that loans are repaid on time. n75 However, as will be
discussed in a later Section, these high repayment statistics mask the immense
pressure that is placed on  [*284]  borrowers to make loan repayments. Many
borrowers are pushed to take out additional loans from local lenders at high
interest rates to meet the initial payments on the microloan. n76 They also seek
economic opportunities elsewhere and, as a result, have a high risk of being
lured into seemingly legitimate employment positions that operate as a guise for
trafficking. n77

   C. The development of microcredit since Grameen Bank

 Since the inception of the Grameen Bank, both the United States and the
international community have responded to the "success" of the Grameen Bank
microcredit system by funding their own Microfinance Institutions (MFIs) with
the intention of decreasing poverty among women. The United States has funded a
plethora of international microcredit programs through the U.S. Agency for
International Development (USAID). USAID is the world's leading donor for
microcredit programs, providing over $ 259 million in microloans in sixty-nine
countries. n78 USAID reports that many of these microloans are based upon a
group-lending model similar to the Grameen system and that its overall repayment
rate exceeds 95%. n79

   One of the largest microcredit group-lending programs funded by USAID is the
Foundation for International Community Assistance (FINCA). n80 FINCA, which
started in 1985 with 200 borrowers in Costa Rica, has disbursed over $ 136
million to more than 220,000 clients in twenty countries in Africa, Asia, and
North and South America by 2002. n81 FINCA is structured much like the Grameen
system, offering microloans to groups of ten to fifty people, mostly women, in
which all members assume the personal responsibility of guaranteeing the loans
of each of its members, and reports a 97% repayment rate. n82

[*285]

   D. The success of microcredit

 The Microcredit Summit Campaign, a global coalition of microlenders, estimates
that as of 2006, over 3,100 MFIs were providing financial services to more than
113 million people worldwide. n83 Over eighty-one million of these clients lived
on less than $ 1 a day when they took their first loan. n84 Of these poorest
clients, 84% were women. n85 Women have been successful in paying back
microloans, with most MFIs achieving loan repayment rates upwards of 95%. n86

   Studies also demonstrate that microcredit programs have increased poor
women's economic opportunities. n87 Some argue that microcredit has empowered
women by "putting capital in their hands and allowing them to earn an
independent income and contribute financially to their households and
communities." n88 In addition, borrowers' children, particularly female
children, have "higher rates of enrollment in school, and borrowers tend to be
more attentive to the medical needs of their children." n89

   Microcredit has been lauded as a tool for eradicating poverty. n90 In 2000,
the U.S. passed legislation implementing microcredit programs to prevent and
deter trafficking in women. n91 The United Nations declared 2005 to be the
"International Year of Microcredit," in an effort to help poor countries reach
economic sustainability through microcredit. n92 In 2006, Dr. Muhammad Yunus,
the founder of the Grameen Bank, won the Nobel Peace Prize. n93 This recognition
has "helped microfinance emerge at the forefront of a number of international
campaigns designed to alleviate  [*286]  poverty." n94 However, as will be
discussed in the next Section, there is an ongoing debate as to whether
microcredit reaches the poorest of the poor and whether it is a "genuinely
effective tool for poverty reduction." n95

   IV. The Limitations Of Microcredit In Decreasing The Rates Of Trafficking In
Women

 In spite of the impressive statistics on the number of women who have received
microloans and the high rate of loan repayment, the literature suggests that
microcredit has a limited impact on poverty alleviation. n96 Furthermore, the
rates of human trafficking remain exceedingly high. n97 Therefore, the
shortcomings of microcredit must be identified and reforms made to the system in
order for it to serve as an effective economic means of deterring trafficking in
women.

   This Section will highlight the current limitations of microcredit. First,
microloans fail to reach the poorest women who are at the highest risk of
entering into a trafficking situation. n98 Second, the rigid microloan structure
requires immediate repayment at high interest rates, n99 not only perpetuating
the cycle of poverty, but also increasing the likelihood that women will seek
seemingly legitimate economic opportunities outside of their respective home
countries to make loan repayments. Finally, there are cultural and gender issues
that must be addressed for microcredit to be successful in decreasing
trafficking, specifically the fact that many women lose control of how the loan
is used to male members of the household but still retain liability for
repayment. n100 Women borrowers have also experienced verbal and physical abuse
for their involvement with microloans. n101

[*287]

   A. Microloans do not reach the poorest women most vulnerable to trafficking

 According to the 2008 Microfinance India State of the Sector Report (MISS),
poverty audits reveal that, "in five out of eight [MFIs], the proportion of
non-poor clients' [(income more than $ 1 per day)] was more than poor [clients'
(income less than $ 1 per day)], with coverage of non-poor ranging from 42 to
88[%] of the clientele." n102 In fact, MFIs seem to be excluding the poorest
segment and focusing mostly on the non-poor group. n103 This is likely due to
the fact that many MFIs rely on external donors for funds and are pressured to
produce instantaneous results. n104

   Additionally, MFIs fail to reach the poorest segment of the population
because the rural poor are often dispersed geographically, making it difficult
to form groups. n105 This group often requires smaller deposits and loans, in a
"context where poor physical infrastructure and increased lending risk due to
poorly diversified livelihoods and economics impose higher costs on providers."
n106 These factors make poor, rural women less ideal candidates for microloans
than their slightly wealthier counterparts. n107

   Furthermore, many MFIs select clients based on existing cash flows. The cash
flow combined with the joint liability of the group-lending model, "acts as soft
collateral against unwilling default." n108 As a result, in India, requiring an
existing cash flow excludes 36% of Indians who live on less than $ 1 a day. n109
This statistic indicates that the extremely poor women who have the highest risk
of becoming victims of trafficking are not being served by microcredit.

   Some scholars argue that it is simply impossible to provide microcredit to
the poorest of the poor, because it would not be financially sustainable for the
MFIs. n110 MFIs need to maintain a balance between outreach and sustainability,
that is, the "balance between its social mission  [*288]  of poverty alleviation
and its commercial strategy of sustainability." n111 There has been an increase
in the number of profit-oriented financial institutions invested in MFIs,
including Citigroup, Barclays and JP Morgan. n112 Commentators assert that this
has "further led to dilution of social objectives of MFIs, transforming them
primarily into commercial enterprises." n113 Fixating on financial
sustainability has pushed MFIs to focus on "easy-to-serve" and "relatively
better-off populations" n114 rather than the rural poor, who are the most in
need of financial assistance and also the most susceptible to trafficking.
Carlos Labarthe, one of the CEOs of Compartamos, a Mexican microfinance
institution that generates a profit of $ 80 million a year by serving one
million women with microcredit at 90% interest rates, summed up the current view
of many MFIs in his statement that microcredit is, "in a way creating wealth,
more than wiping out of poverty. Not bringing up the destitute." n115

   This concentration on financial rather than social returns n116 is troubling,
and suggests that many MFIs will not reach out to the poorest segments of
society and offer them flexible financial services because it is not profitable.
While it may be impossible for MFIs to reach all poor women, in order for
microcredit to be effective in curtailing the rates of trafficking, the focus
needs to be on maximizing outreach to the abject poor rather than succeeding as
a traditional financial institution. n117

   B. Pressure to make immediate loan repayments at high interest rates
perpetuates poverty and can increase rates of trafficking

 Women who are successful in obtaining a microloan must then grapple with the
tremendous pressure of making loan payments, particularly under the
group-lending structure where another group member's future credit hinges on the
success of the member currently  [*289]  borrowing. n118 The fact that many MFIs
require immediate loan repayment at interest rates upwards of 20% n119 increases
the pressure that these women face. As a result, many borrow money from local
moneylenders or seek additional economic prospects to ensure that they can make
timely payments. n120 Scholars argue that microcredit programs that are based on
group lending, ""promote[] unprecedented levels of indebtedness [and] that the
low default figures mask unprecedented misery.'" n121 The rigid microloan
structure places women further in debt and increases their susceptibility to
trafficking.

   For most microenterprises, it takes about three months for income to be
earned from the microloan. n122 However, the weekly loan-repayment requirement
forces borrowers to invest in projects that are expected to generate immediate
income. n123 For example, a borrower is forced to spend more money on a dairy
cow, which can produce milk from the first week, rather than a calf, which is a
cheaper and better long-term investment but will not yield immediate results.
n124

   Scholars have also found that many women who receive microloans initially use
the loan for household consumption, including food and medicine, instead of an
activity that will generate immediate profit. n125 One study reported that 78%
of microloans approved for specific projects were actually used for other
economic activities or to meet household needs. n126 This results in women
having to borrow from local moneylenders in order to meet the initial
repayments. Another study found that 57% of weekly repayments were paid from
sources other than investment profits, usually from loans from moneylenders or
family members. n127 Relying on local lenders that charge exorbitant interest
rates places women further in debt n128  [*290]  and makes them more vulnerable
to trafficking. n129

   There are a plethora of personal accounts of female microloan clients
discussing the burden to make the weekly loan repayments. One client stated that
women are expected to work day and night for the "privilege of receiving small
sums of credit," and that the anxiety to repay under those conditions "drove
women back to the more lucrative, albeit exploitative, sex industry." n130 Women
consider the lack of flexibility in terms of loan repayment to be a heavy
burden. One woman who received a microloan explained that:



   We are constantly under pressure to think of ways in which we can raise money
for weekly repayment requirements. Often we have to sell the few home-grown
vegetables that we earlier used for our own consumption, forgo buying books for
our children and medical treatment. Even if we try to give priority to these
needs, our group members will make sure that we sell whatever we have in order
to make the weekly repayment... . n131

 The pressure to make immediate loan repayments is a serious limitation of
microcredit that pushes many women to search for alternative sources of cash.
n132 Borrowers, especially in the group-lending situation, feel compelled to
sell their own food and neglect their own family's needs so that they do not
fall behind on paying back the microloan. These women are desperate for an
opportunity to receive instant access to cash, making them easy targets for
traffickers.

   C. Cultural and gender limitations of microcredit

 Microloans are distributed in developing countries where gender and cultural
norms discourage women from actively participating in the economic sector. As a
result, some women who receive microloans lose control of the loan to male
members of their household. n133 In one study, conducted by Anne Marie Goetz and
Rina Sen Gupta, it was found that a substantial portion of microloans given to
women were directly invested by male relatives, while the women retained the
liability for repayment. n134 In  [*291]  approximately 63% of the cases
studied, the female recipients of the loans had partial, very limited, or no
control over how the loan was used. n135 This lack of control over how the loan
is invested is problematic for women borrowers. If a particular loan is
squandered and yields no profit, the woman is still liable for the loan
payments. As a result, the woman is left to internalize the high cost of loaning
to men n136 and is forced to pursue outside economic opportunities to ensure
that the loan is repaid.

   Research also indicates that women have experienced increased domestic
violence and physical aggression from males in the household after receiving a
microloan. n137 In one study it was found that female borrowers commonly
experienced domestic abuse as a result of their involvement with microloans.
n138 Among 120 women borrowers, 21 women (18% of the sample) found that there
was a decrease in aggression and assault because of their involvement with the
Grameen bank, 69 women (57%) saw a rise in verbal aggression, and 16 women (13%)
saw a rise in both verbal and physical violence since they received their first
loans. n139 Six borrowers encountered violence when they refused to give their
loan to the male member of the household. n140

   MFIs need to address these cultural and gender barriers in the communities
where they disperse microloans. The notion of women controlling loans subverts
the traditional patriarchal hegemony of the household and, without support
systems in place, women may lose control of the loan to the males of the house
or be met with verbal and physical violence. n141 The combination of poverty and
abuse encourages women to seek refuge elsewhere, making them prime targets for
traffickers.

   V. Recommendations

 There are substantial limitations to the microcredit system that can have the
perverse effect of increasing poverty among women and instances of trafficking.
This Section will discuss recommendations of how to correct the shortcomings of
microcredit in order to create a system that reaches the poorest women, reduces
the pressure to make loan repayments,  [*292]  gives women more control over the
loan, focuses on savings and education rather than just credit, is more
sensitive to gender and cultural limitations, and collaborates with the state to
maximize poverty reduction, eliminate corruption among government officials, and
decrease instances of trafficking in women.

   A. MFIs need to reach the poorest women

 In order to reach the poorest women who are the most vulnerable to trafficking,
MFIs need to rigorously target the poorest areas and further target the poorest
clients within these local areas. n142 One group that has made strides in
providing access to credit is the Bangladesh Rural Advancement Committee (BRAC),
which targets the poorest of the poor, mainly female-headed, landless
households. n143 To receive membership into BRAC's Specially Targeted Ultra Poor
(STUP) group at least three of the following criteria must be met: (1) The
household is dependent upon female domestic work or begging; (2) Ownership of
less than 10 decimals, or one-tenth of an acre of land; (3) No active adult male
members in the household; (4) Children of school-going age have to take paid
work; and (5) No productive assets in the household. BRAC provides food aid,
employment, healthcare, skills training, compulsory savings, and ultimately
microfinance. n144 This program is subsidized and does not recuperate its
financial costs. n145 The lack of pressure to repay external donors, which
encourages most other MFIs to ignore the poorest of the poor, is one explanation
for BRAC's success. n146 MFIs should implement a system similar to BRAC's STUP
program and strive to provide financial assistance to the poorest women.

   MFIs should also be more flexible to allow for smaller loans to be taken out.
For the extremely poor who fear that they will not be able to meet the repayment
requirements of a larger loan, a smaller loan would  [*293]  provide them with
less risk. n147 There should be no floor to the loan amount in order to maximize
the number of poor clients that can be reached by microcredit. n148

   Furthermore, in order to assist those most in need of microcredit, the MFIs
should try to lower the interest rates on the loans. Although the interest rates
offered by MFIs are lower than those offered by local moneylenders, most still
exceed 20%. n149 Some strategies for decreasing interest rates include "reducing
transaction costs, pushing for high growth, high repayments and portfolio
turnover." n150 Lowering interest rates would encourage those that are extremely
poor, and thus averse to obtaining loans with high interest rates, to take out
microloans. This would result in more customers for MFIs, potentially offsetting
the cost of decreasing the interest rates for the microloan. Even if decreased
interest rates make MFIs less profitable, it would help them achieve a more
important societal goal: alleviating poverty and diminishing the rates of
trafficking in women.

   B. MFIs need to be more flexible with loan repayments

 A weekly loan repayment is unrealistic for many borrowers, especially when
first starting a business where capital has not yet been generated. n151
Biweekly or monthly repayment options would put much less pressure on women to
have to borrow from local lenders, or to seek other economic prospects in order
to ensure timely repayment.

   MFIs should also be attuned to environmental conditions that may affect loan
repayment. n152 For example, in Mali it is very difficult to make loan
repayments during the rainy season. n153 Requiring loan repayment during these
months has led to a high rate of attrition from microcredit programs. n154 MFIs
must be sensitive to these environmental issues, which vary from country to
country, so that borrowers are not left to make loan  [*294]  repayments during
a period of time where profits are almost impossible to yield.

   The Grameen Bank has implemented a more flexible lending option called
"flexi-loan detour," a way of "exiting the loan highway" and returning several
months later when repayment difficulties arise. n155 Unfortunately, this
"flexible" system is rife with disincentives for borrowers to actually use this
"detour," particularly given the fact that once a borrower exits the "loan
highway" the loan ceiling that she built up over the past years is wiped out.
n156 Despite these limitations, it is a positive sign that lenders are becoming
aware that more flexibility is needed in order for microcredit to serve the
poorest women.

   C. MFIs should create saving systems, not just give credit

 Most MFIs have focused their efforts solely on extending credit to the poor.
However, this "credit-alone approach" is not helpful for alleviating poverty,
especially among the extremely poor. n157 Commentators have described savings as
the "forgotten half" of the MFIs' involvement in extending microloans in
developing countries. n158 Scholars suggest that savings systems may result in
the inclusion of the poorest 10-15% of the population, who are risk averse n159
and thus less likely to "experiment with new ideas or invest money in businesses
that involve taking risks." n160

   In contrast to the rigid repayment requirements of microloans and the fact
that borrowers must pay interest on loans, savings systems offer flexibility and
the potential for earning interest. n161 Research indicates that poor clients
are often able to save significant capital, and that they "value safe and
convenient savings facilities." n162 This access to savings can help the poor
"smooth consumption over periods of cyclical or unexpected crisis, thus greatly
improving their economic security." n163 Providing poor women with a safety net
to assist them during difficult economic times will decrease their
susceptibility to trafficking because they will not be in dire need to have
immediate access to capital.

    [*295]  There are both informal and formal types of savings systems that can
be implemented in areas where microloans are distributed. Informal savings
systems include annual savings clubs, which are organized by religious groups
and social clubs, and allow members to make deposits of any amount at each club
meeting. n164 These clubs do not give interest on the savings but do provide a
means for members to easily save money. n165 Another type of informal saving
system is a Rotating Savings and Credit Association (ROSCA), which is a "group
of individuals who come together and make regular cyclical contributions to a
common fund, which is then given as a lump sum to one member." n166 This cycle
continues until each member has received a lump sum of the savings from the
fund. n167 The advantage of ROSCA is that it "facilitates the availability of a
lump sum of money, which allows for higher investment to be made earlier than
accumulation of savings." n168 These types of informal savings are beneficial
because they allow individuals to build up savings at low transaction costs.
n169 However, there is the potential for abuse in both informal savings models.
For example, in the savings club there is the risk that the funds will be
embezzled, wiping out all of the savings that members have accrued over time.
n170 In a ROSCA, it is possible that an individual who has already received a
lump sum from the fund will no longer want to make contributions to the pool.
n171 Furthermore, these savings systems do not provide the interest that formal
services provide. n172

   Formal savings programs can include banks offering savings accounts with a
positive rate of interest, no minimum deposit or balance, and immediate access
to withdrawals. n173 There are also MFIs, including SafeSave, that offer
flexible savings programs to their clients. n174 SafeSave hires door-to-door
collectors to visit clients daily, and clients can either make a deposit or
request to make a withdrawal. n175 This program provides the stability of a
formal savings institution and allows members to earn interest on their savings.
n176 There are also banks in Ghana and Mexico that  [*296]  have formalized the
ROSCA system, making members of the group sign contracts that offer financial
incentives for regular, fixed deposits. n177 In comparison to the informal ROSCA
model, this formal ROSCA system pays interest and provides more stability by
requiring all group members to sign a contract that binds them to fulfill
specific duties and obligations. n178

   D. MFIs need to educate women and help them develop business skills

 Empirical studies indicate that microcredit loans coupled with training
programs have a higher probability of success, particularly with women. n179 For
example, in interviews with women who received loans from Sinapi Aba Trust, most
recipients commented that their ability to plan, project profit, and manage
money had improved substantially as a result of the training they received from
their orientation and Trust Bank meetings. n180

   Asociacion para el Desarrollo Microempresarial Colombiano (ADEMCOL) is
another example of an MFI that offers, "holistic client transformation by
combining efficient delivery of financial services with social interventions
such as training, leadership development, and development of business and social
networks." n181 ADEMCOL has had positive results, finding that training has not
only led to more profitable businesses, but has also empowered women. n182 This
empowerment is seen in the comments of Gladis Lenis de Gonzales, a shoemaker and
ADEMCOL client, who remarked: "After having received the training, I have had
changes in both my business and my personal life. Intellectually, I feel that my
life has been reactivated, because studying, calculating, and analyzing again
have made me feel useful... ." n183 Therefore, integrating business training
with microloan distribution could be beneficial for optimizing business profits,
while empowering women at the same time.

   In addition to basic business training, women's education and literacy are
important. MFIs have cited illiteracy as "a major stumbling block for their
clients." n184 Although MFIs have largely steered away from implementing
literacy programs because they require a significant output of  [*297]  time and
resources, there are some inexpensive ways that MFIs can implement literacy
training, including providing materials to women in the lending groups to train
themselves. n185 The Women's Empowerment Project (WEP) has used this low-cost
method of training women and found that the literacy rate of its members rose
from 21% to 85% during the first thirty months of the program. n186

   Increased education among women would expand the possible microenterprises
available for them to explore. With low levels of skill and knowledge, women
often have to create businesses that have low growth potential. n187 Assisting
women design more complicated and high growth potential businesses will help
reduce poverty long-term and give them financial stability so that they will not
feel pressured to seek economic prospects abroad and expose themselves to a
potential trafficking situation. n188

   E. MFIs need to be attuned to cultural and gender issues

 It is also important that MFIs support women who are balancing responsibilities
at home with maintaining their businesses. For example, MFIs can hold forums in
the lending centers where women can discuss issues such as balancing family life
with operating a business. These forums have great potential because these
economically empowered women can begin to take steps to address the cultural and
legal barriers that limit their social and political power. n189 The few MFIs
that have started to implement these forums have found that "women have greater
knowledge of their civil and legal rights and are more aware of their position
and the choices they can make." n190

   MFIs are also beginning to implement outreach efforts to include husbands in
the microloan process. If the husband feels included, he may be more likely to
provide the necessary support for his wife so that she can fulfill her multiple
roles. n191 Empirical data demonstrates that the "most successful clients of
many MFIs are the ones who have the most supportive husbands and that those with
more problems often have problems with their  [*298]  husbands." n192 By
including the husband in the microloan process, he may be more supportive of his
wife's involvement with microcredit.

   Finally, there must be more surveillance over how the loan is utilized to
make sure that women are maintaining control over the microloan. Certain
safeguards could be put in place, including requiring borrowers to provide
detailed accounts of loan use. n193 At the very least, MFIs should require a
contract between the woman and the actual user of the loan n194 to protect her
from being held liable for failure to make loan repayments.

   F. MFIs should work with local governments to maximize poverty reduction and
deter trafficking

 Scholars have found that there is a significant divide between MFIs and the
local governments of the countries where the loans are dispersed. n195 As
discussed earlier, these local governments have played an important role in
perpetuating trafficking because they reap economic profits from traffickers.
n196 Therefore, it is crucial that MFIs try to collaborate with local
governments to eliminate the corruption, and to work in tandem to meet the goals
of alleviating poverty and deterring trafficking. It is unclear how much
collaboration is actually feasible between the local government and the MFIs.
The fact that MFIs are "outsiders" suggests that they may be viewed as an
intrusion rather than an asset to the local community and may disrupt
traditional social (especially gender) relations. n197 Furthermore, the economic
profits that local governments receive from trafficking may outweigh the
benefits that result from partnerships with MFIs. However, collaboration between
local governments and MFIs can have a synergistic effect in alleviating poverty
and trafficking in women that is worth pursuing in spite of the costs.

   For MFIs, working with local governments would help create a more
particularized credit program that would be especially sensitive to the
cultural, political, religious, and economic issues specific to that country.
n198 Furthermore, collaboration could increase women's empowerment in the
[*299]  community. Many of these countries are hierarchical and patriarchal.
n199 Microcredit programs that focus on extending credit to women could direct
the country's attention to the need to provide assistance to this group n200 and
show that women are successful at creating businesses and making loan
repayments. This could enhance the overall status of women in these countries.
n201

   MFIs could also work with local governments in a joint effort to eliminate
corruption among government officials who enable trafficking in the community.
Increasing surveillance of government officials to ensure that they are not
participating in trafficking is necessary. Collaborating with the government to
increase penalties for officials who assist traffickers would also act as a
deterrent.

   Local governments would also benefit from collaboration with MFIs. One goal
of local governments is to provide social welfare and reduce poverty. n202 These
communities are often poor and have limited economic resources to help
supplement their poor populations. However, by teaming up with MFIs that have
financial backing and access to cash, they can maximize poverty reduction by
ensuring that capital is being inserted into the poorest areas of the country.
n203

   VI. Conclusion

 Microcredit could be instrumental in decreasing the rate of trafficking in
women. If microcredit can succeed in helping women rise out of poverty, they are
less likely to seek economic opportunities abroad and thus less likely to become
victims of trafficking. However, microcredit, in its current form, actually
perpetuates the cycle of poverty and increases women's vulnerability to
trafficking.

   A significant overhaul of the microcredit system is necessary in order for it
to effectively combat the global human trafficking epidemic. Unfortunately, many
MFIs receive their funds from private donors and face external pressure to
ensure that the loans are repaid on time and that the MFI is profitable. For
microcredit to be successful in diminishing the rates of trafficking in women,
MFIs need to pair flexible microloans with non-financial services for women,
including educational opportunities and assistance in overcoming cultural and
gender barriers. Furthermore, the MFIs need to maintain an ethos of
poverty-focused development rather than wealth production in order for
microcredit to successfully alleviate  [*300]  poverty and diminish the rates of
trafficking in women.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Bankruptcy LawState Insolvency LawsCriminal Law & ProcedureCriminal
OffensesWeaponsGeneral OverviewLabor & Employment LawEmployment
RelationshipsEmployment ContractsConditions & TermsDuration of
EmploymentPermanent Employment

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See Kathryn Cullen-DuPont, Human Trafficking 7 (2009).





n2.  Id.





n3.  Id. at 4.





n4.  See Dina Francesca Haynes, (Not) Found Chained to a Bed in a Brothel:
Conceptual, Legal, and Procedural Failures to Fulfill the Promise of the
Trafficking Victims Protection Act, 21 Geo. Immigr. L.J. 337, 342 (2007)
(highlighting human trafficking as a crime that disproportionately affects
women).





n5.  Cullen-DuPont, supra note 1, at 23.





n6.  Cullen-DuPont, supra note 1, at 25; see also Alexis A. Aronowitz, Human
Trafficking, Human Misery: The Global Trade in Human Beings 55 (2009)
("Recruitment very often involves promises of marriage (or of employment,
education opportunities, or a better life).").





n7.  Aronowitz, supra note 6, at 57.





n8.  See Cullen-Dupont, supra note 1, at 11 (citing McGill Int'l Law Soc'y,
Conference on Human Trafficking in Canada (Mar. 20, 2006)), summarized at
http://mils.mcgill.ca/resources/Human_Trafficking.pdf (detailing how a
trafficked woman's debt can almost never be repaid because she is required to
pay for her own living expenses).





n9.  Aronowitz, supra note 6, at 58-59.





n10.  Tazul Islam, Microcredit and Poverty Alleviation 2-3 (2007).





n11.  G.A. Res. 55/25, Annex II, Art. 3, U.N. Doc. A/RES/55/25 (Jan. 8, 2001).





n12.  Cullen-DuPont, supra note 1, at 9.





n13.  See U.S. Dep't of State, Trafficking in Persons Report 7 (2008), available
at http://www.state.gov/g/tip/rls/tiprpt/2008/ (discussing the rates of human
trafficking internationally).





n14.  See U.S. Dep't of State, Trafficking in Persons Report 8 (2009), available
at http://www.state.gov/g/tip/rls/tiprpt/2009/ (stating that at least 12.3
million adults and children are engaged in forced labor and commercial sexual
servitude).





n15.  See, e.g., What's the Story: Modern Slavery, Free the Slaves,
http://wwww.freetheslaves.net/NETCOMMUNITY/Page.aspx?pid=375&srcid=183 (last
visited Oct. 7, 2010) (reporting 27 million victims of human trafficking).





n16.  See Haynes, supra note 4, at 342 (illustrating how human trafficking
disproportionately affects women).





n17.  U.S. Dep't of Justice, Assessment of U.S. Government Activities to Combat
Trafficking in Persons 10 (2004).





n18.  U.S. Dep't of State, supra note 13, at 8.





n19.  See U.N. Office on Drugs & Crime (UNODC), Trafficking in Persons: Global
Patterns 17 (April 2006) (displaying a map reporting incidences of human
trafficking).





n20.  Id.





n21.  See Cullen-DuPont, supra note 1, at 23 (discussing the countries of origin
of human trafficking).





n22.  See generally id. at 23-24 (citing poverty and gender inequality as common
"push factors" evident in the countries in which trafficking originates).





n23.  Hanh Diep, We Pay -- The Economic Manipulation of International and
Domestic Laws to Sustain Sex Trafficking, 2 Loy. U. Chi. Int'l L. Rev. 309, 317
(2005).





n24.  UN and Partners Launching Initiative to End "Modern Slavery' of Human
Trafficking, UN News Centre, Mar. 26, 2007,
http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=22009&Cr=slave&Cr1=&Kw1=Initiative&
Kw2=&Kw3=.





n25.  Id.





n26.  Noeleen Heyzer, UNIFEM, Combating Trafficking in Women and Children: A
Gender and Human Rights Framework 5 (2002), available at
http://www.childtrafficking.org/pdf/user/unifem_gender_and_human_rights_framewor
k.pdf.





n27.  See Amy O'Neill Richard, Ctr. for the Study of Intelligence, International
Trafficking in Women to the United States: A Contemporary Manifestation of
Slavery and Organized Crime 5 (2000), available at
https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-of-intelligence/csi-publication
s/books-and-monographs/trafficking.pdf (focusing on how women are duped into a
trafficking situation by recruiters who set up seemingly legitimate employment
opportunities that turn into trafficking situations).





n28.  See Donna Hughes, Pimps and Predators on the Internet, Globalizing the
Sexual Exploitation of Women and Children passim (1999), available at
http://www.uri.edu/artsci/wms/hughes/pprep.pdf (showing how the Internet has
exacerbated the problem of trafficking of women).





n29.  O'Neill Richard, supra note 27, at 5.





n30.  Kevin Bales, Understanding Global Slavery 145 (2005).





n31.  Id.





n32.  See Aronowitz, supra note 6, at 57 (discussing how the victim of a
trafficking situation has to repay their debt to travel to the destination
country).





n33.  Cullen-DuPont, supra note 1, at 11 (citing McGill Int'l Law Soc'y,
Conference on Human Trafficking in Canada (Mar. 20, 2006), summarized at
http://mils.mcgill.ca/resources/Human_Trafficking.pdf).





n34.  U.S. Dep't of State, Trafficking in Persons Report 26 (2007), available at
http://www.state.gov/g/tip/rls/tiprpt/2007/.





n35.  O'Neill Richard, supra note 27, at 5.





n36.  Aronowitz, supra note 6, at 58 (citing Janice C. Raymond & Donna M.
Hughes, Coal. Against Trafficking in Women, Sex Trafficking of Women in the
United States (2001)), available at
http://www.uri.edu/artsci/wms/hughes/sex_traff_us.pdf (documenting the
pervasiveness of violence in sex trafficking).





n37.  Id.





n38.  See Cullen-DuPont, supra note 1, at 23 (discussing the underlying causes
of trafficking, citing poverty as the main cause); see also Sheldon Zhang,
Smuggling and Trafficking In Human Beings: All Roads Lead to America 9 (2007)
("Poverty is probably the most cited factor in explaining transnational
migration.").





n39.  Sylvia Chant, The "Feminisation of Poverty' and the "Feminisation' of
Anti-Poverty Programmes: Room for Revision?, 44 J. of Dev. Stud. 165, 166-67
(2008).





n40.  Gender Equality, UNICEF, available at
http://www.unicef.org/gender/index_bigpicture.html (last updated Aug. 25, 2004).





n41.  See Nilanjana Ray, Looking at Trafficking Through a New Lens, 12 Cardozo
J.L. & Gender 909, 925-26 (2005-06) (discussing the impact that the shift from
an agricultural society to a market economy has increased the rates of
unemployment and poverty among women).





n42.  Id.





n43.  Id.





n44.  Diane Fahey, Can Tax Policy Stop Human Trafficking, 40 Geo. J. Int'l L.
345, 352 (2009).





n45.  UNICEF, Progress for Children 18 (2010), available at
http://www.unicef.org/publications/files/Progress_for_Children-No.9_EN_081710.pd
f.





n46.  Fahey, supra note 44, at 353; see also UNICEF, supra note 45, at 18 ("86%
of urban children attend primary school, compared to only 72% of rural
children.").





n47.  Id. at 354.





n48.  Id.





n49.  See Democracy and Global Affairs, Gender Imbalance in Human Trafficking,
U.S. Dep't of State (June 15, 2009),
http://www.state.gov/documents/organization/126792.pdf (noting that
vulnerabilities to trafficking result from economic, political, and
developmental processes that can leave women dependent on men).





n50.  See id. (discussing the disproportionate numbers of females forced into
the sex trade, as opposed to males).





n51.  Id.





n52.  Id.





n53.  See Cullen-DuPont, supra note 1, at 24 (discussing how inheritance laws
limit a widow's opportunities to survive economically and increase the chance
that she will be desperate to take on any employment opportunity available such
as entering into a trafficking situation).





n54.  See Fahey, supra note 44, at 347 (citing government corruption as the lead
cause in human trafficking).





n55.  Id. at 354.





n56.  See Kevin Bales, International Labor Standards: Quality of Information and
Measures of Progress in Combating Forced Labor, 24 Comp. Lab. L. & Pol'y J. 321,
330 (2003) (explaining that government corruption is a significant factor
contributing to the high rates of trafficking in women).





n57.  Aronowitz, supra note 6, at 62 (citing Wong and Saat, Coalition Against
Trafficking in Human Beings in the Philippines: Country Report on
Malaysia/Sabah, Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia Bangi (2002) (unpublished report
submitted to the United Nations Interregional Crime and Justice Research
Institute)).





n58.  Sana Khan, Poverty Reduction Efforts: Does Microcredit Help? SAIS Rev.
Int'l Aff 147 (Summer-Fall 2009).





n59.  See Documents and Reports, So, What is "Microcredit"??, Global Dev. Res.
Center, http://www.gdrc.org/icm/what-is-ms.html (last visited Dec. 13, 2009)
(discussing the basic structure and function of microcredit).





n60.  U.N. Capital Dev. Fund (UNCDF), MicroStart: A Guide for Planning, Starting
and Managing a Microfinance Programme 4-10 (1997), available at
http://www.uncdf.org/english/microfinance/uploads/thematic/MicroStartGuide-1997.
pdf.





n61.  See United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), Give Us Credit 6, (1997),
available at http://www.unicef.org/credit/credit.pdf (discussing the typical
types of business that microloans fund).





n62.  Aminur Rahman, Rhetoric and Realities of Micro-Credit for Women in Rural
Bangladesh: A Village Study of Grameen Bank Lending (Ph.D. dissertation,
University of Manitoba) (1998) at 172.





n63.  See Jamil Chowdhury, Reintegration of Internally Displaced People (IDPS):
The Need for Micro-Credit, 19 Refugee Surv. Q., No. 2, 2000 at 201 (stating that
the microloans are often used to purchase equipment to operate their business).





n64.  Samirendra Nath Dhar, Micro-Finance For Women, 16 (2005).





n65.  See Islam, supra note 10, at 82-83 (discussing the history of the Grameen
system).





n66.  Id.





n67.  Introduction, Grameen Bank,
http://www.grameen-info.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=16&Itemid=
112 (last visited Oct. 7, 2010).





n68.  Microfinance Basics, Grameen Bank,
http://www.grameenfoundation.org/what-we-do/microfinance/microfinance-basics
(last visited Oct. 7, 2010).





n69.  See Lisa Avery, Microcredit Extension in the Wake of Conflict: Rebuilding
the Lives and Livelihoods of Women and Children Affected by War, 12 Geo. J. On
Poverty L. & Pol'y 205, 221 (2005) (discussing the structure of the Grameen
system).





n70.  Grameen Bank at a Glance, Grameen Bank,
http://www.grameen-info.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=26&Itemid=
175 (last visited Oct. 12, 2010).





n71.  What is Microfinance, Why Is Microfinance Successful?, Wokai,
http://www.wokai.org/microfinance (last visited Oct. 7, 2010).





n72.  See Chowdhury, supra note 63, at 201 (examining the structure of the
Grameen system and the multitude of requirements that must be met to secure the
loan, including weekly meetings and repayments).





n73.  Alexandra Bernasek, Banking on Social Change: Grameen Bank Lending to
Women, 16 Int'l J. Pol. Culture, & Soc'y 369, 372 (2003).





n74.  Avery, supra note 69, at 222.





n75.  Bernasek, supra note 73, at 372.





n76.  See Rahman, supra note 62, at 5 (noting the high interest rates charged by
local moneylenders).





n77.  Cullen-Du Pont, supra note 1, at 25.





n78.  USAID, Microenterprise Results Reporting, Annual Report to Congress,
Fiscal Year 2008 (2009), available at
http://www.microlinks.org/ev_en.php?ID=40534_201&ID2=DO_TOPIC.





n79.  See e.g., Press Release, USAID, USAID Program In Iraq Tops $ 150 Million
in Microloans (Mar. 25 2008), available at
http://www.usaid.gov/press/releases/2008/pr080325.html (announcing the
disbursement of microloans to small groups of people in Iraq and noting the high
repayment rate).





n80.  See FINCA's History, Found. for Int'l Community Assistance (FINCA),
http://www.villagebanking.org/site/c.erKPI2PCIoE/b.2604291/k.99B5/FINCAs_History
.htm (last visited Oct. 7, 2010) (describing why FINCA was created and how it
has evolved over time).





n81.  Id.





n82.  See Frequently Asked Questions, FINCA,
http://www.finca.org/site/c.6fIGIXMFJnJ0H/b.6088223/k.802B/Frequently_Asked_Ques
tions.htm#vbank (last visited Oct. 7, 2010) (discussing microcredit generally
and specifically how the Village Banking system that FINCA has created
functions).





n83.  Sam Daley-Harris, Microcredit Summit Campaign 18 (2006).





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  About Microfinance, Dignity Fund, http://www.dignityfund.com/about_mf.html
(last visited Nov. 7, 2010).





n87.  See generally UNICEF, supra note 61, at 3 ("[Microcredit] is a way of
improving the earning capacity and therefore the standard of living of the
poor.").





n88.  Susy Cheston & Lisa Kuhn, UNIFEM, Empowering Women Through Microfinance
14, available at www.microcreditsummit.org/papers/empowerment.pdf.





n89.  See Avery, supra note 69, at 209 (citing UNICEF, supra note 61, at 6).





n90.  Khan, supra note 58, at 148.





n91.  Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 § 106, 22
U.S.C. § 7104 (2006). "The President shall establish and carry out international
initiatives to enhance economic opportunity for potential victims of trafficking
as a method to deter trafficking. Such initiatives may include (1) microcredit
lending programs, training in business development, skills training, and job
counseling... ." Id.





n92.  Khan, supra note 58, at 148.





n93.  Id.





n94.  Id.





n95.  Id.





n96.  Id. at 147.





n97.  Elizabeth M. Wheaton et al., Economics of Human Trafficking, Int'l
Migration, Aug. 2010, at 114, 114 ("Within the next 10 years, crime experts
expect human trafficking to surpass drug and arms trafficking in its incidence,
cost to human wellbeing, and profitability to criminals.").





n98.  Celia Taylor, Microcredit as Model: A Critique of State/NGO Relations, 29
Syracuse J. Int'l L. & Com. 303, 327 (2002).





n99.  Avery, supra note 69, at 229.





n100.  Anne Marie Goetz & Rina Sen Gupta, Who Takes the Credit? Gender, Power
and Control Over Loan Use in Rural Credit Programs in Bangladesh, 24 World Dev.
45, 49 (1996).





n101.  Rahman, supra note 62, at 158.





n102.  Gautam Aggarwal & Saikat Podder, Microfinance: Treading a Fine Line
Between Financial and Social Objectives, Wall St. J., Dec. 16, 2009, available
at http://online.wsj.com/article/SB126093830654793317.html.





n103.  Id.





n104.  Taylor, supra note 98, at 328.





n105.  Id. at 329.





n106.  Susan Johnson & Namrata Sharma, "Institutionalizing Suspicion': The
Management and Governance Challenge in User-Owned Microfinance Groups, in What's
Wrong With Microfinance?, 61, 63 (Thomas Dichter & Malcolm Harper eds., 2007).





n107.  Id. at 61, 63.





n108.  Aggarwal & Podder, supra note 102.





n109.  Id.





n110.  See Islam, supra note 10, at 159 ("In considering the sustainability of
the poverty alleviation impact of the GB microfinance programs ... it can safely
be said that in terms of consumption smoothing its performance is good but in
terms of significant poverty alleviation, the performance is not encouraging.").





n111.  Id.





n112.  Ananya Roy, Poverty Capital: Microfinance and the Making of Development
31 (2010).





n113.  Aggarwal & Podder, supra note 102.





n114.  Johnson & Sharma, supra note 106, at 70.





n115.  Roy, supra note 112, at 27 (citing Connie Bruck, Millions for Millions,
The New Yorker, Oct. 30 2006, at 62, available at
www.newyorker.com/archive/2006/10/30/061030fa_fact1).





n116.  Roy, supra note 112, at 26.





n117.  See Islam, supra note 10, at 162-63 ("In considering the trade-off
between poverty alleviation and sustainability, it is emphasized that as the GB
is the product of some desperate economic situations ... it is more of a poverty
alleviation organization than just a traditional commercial financial
institution. The main objective of poverty alleviation is the end, to which the
GB should try to reach with its means of a sustainable financial structure ...
.").





n118.  Rahman, supra note 62, at 10.





n119.  Islam, supra note 10, at 152.





n120.  Jude Fernando, Nongovernmental Organizations, Micro-credit, and
Empowerment of Women, 554 ANNALS 150, 171 (1997).





n121.  Taylor, supra note 98, at 329 (quoting Lawrence Solomon, Micro-Credit's
Dark Underside; Problems of Bangladesh's Grameen Bank, World Press Rev., Aug.
1998, at 33).





n122.  See Avery, supra note 69, at 229 (articulating the limitations of the
weekly loan repayment system for microloans).





n123.  Taylor, supra note 98, at 329.





n124.  See Fernando, supra note 120, at 172 (1997) (discussing the limitations
of microcredit, including the loan repayments that put pressure on women to make
weekly repayments, often when they start their business and there is not much
capital).





n125.  S.M. Rahman, A Practitioner's View of the Challenges Facing NGO-Based
Microfinance in Bangladesh, in What's Wrong with Microfinance?, 193, 195 (Thomas
Dichter and Malcolm Harper eds., 2007).





n126.  Rahman, supra note 62, at 182.





n127.  Id. at 183.





n128.  Id. at 5.





n129.  Id.





n130.  Avery, supra note 69, at 231.





n131.  Fernando, supra note 120, at 174.





n132.  See Avery, supra note 69, at 229 ("Consequently, fledging microenterprise
projects often require women to borrow additional funds from unscrupulous
moneylenders and traders to pay off outstanding loans.").





n133.  See generally Goetz & Gupta, supra note 100, at 49 (discussing the amount
of control women have over the microloans).





n134.  See id. at 49 (suggesting that in most cases where microloans are given
to women they do not retain control over how the loan is used but remain liable
for loan repayments).





n135.  Id.





n136.  Michelle Bellessa, The Effects of Microlending on Women's Empowerment in
Bangladesh 16, available at
http://marriottschool.byu.edu/emp/WPW/pdf/thirdworld/Small_Part_2.pdf.





n137.  Robin Isserles, Microcredit: The Rhetoric of Empowerment, the Reality of
"Development As Usual", 31 Women's Stud. Q. 38, 49 (2003).





n138.  See Rahman, supra note 62, at 158 (arguing in part that violence against
women is linked with the receipt of microloans).





n139.  Id.





n140.  Id.





n141.  Id.





n142.  Anton Simanowitz, Ensuring Impact: Reaching the Poorest While Building
Financially Self-Sufficient Institutions, and Showing Improvement in the Lives
of the Poorest Women and their Families, The Microcredit Summit Campaign, 42
(Aug. 16, 2002), http://www.microcreditsummit.org/papers/ensuringimpact.pdf.





n143.  Roy, supra note 112, at 114; see also Economic Development: Targeting
Extreme Poverty, Bangl. Rural Advancement Committee (BRAC),
http://www.brac.net/content/economic-development-targeting-extreme-poverty (last
visited Oct. 12, 2010) (describing the BRAC programs devoted to reducing poverty
in Bangladesh).





n144.  Targeting Extreme Poverty: Poverty Targeting, BRAC,
http://www.brac.net/content/targeting-extreme-poverty-poverty-targeting (last
visited Oct 12, 2010).





n145.  Roy, supra note 112, at 114.





n146.  Id.





n147.  Islam, supra note 10, at 162.





n148.  Id.





n149.  See id. at 152 (using the Grameen Bank as a case study and pointing out
that effective rates of interest on loans issued by the bank exceed 20%).





n150.  Id. at 166.





n151.  Avery, supra note 69, at 229.





n152.  See Anastase Nteziyaremye & Barbara MkNelly, Freedom from Hunger,
Research Paper No. 7: Mali Poverty Outreach Study of the Kafo Jiginew and
Nyesigiso Credit and Savings with Education Programs 62 (2001), available at
http://www.ffhtechnical.org/resources/research-reports/mali-poverty-outreach-stu
dy-kafo-jiginew-and-ny-sigiso-credit-and-savings (arguing for flexibility in
repayment plans during the rainy season).





n153.  Id.





n154.  Id. at 63.





n155.  Roy, supra note 112, at 110.





n156.  Id. at 118.





n157.  Islam, supra note 10, at 153.





n158.  Paul B. McGuire & John D. Conroy, The Microfinance Phenomenon, 7
Asia-Pac. Rev. 90, 97 (2000).





n159.  Islam, supra note 10, at 154.





n160.  Khan, supra note 58, at 151.





n161.  Rebecca M. Vonderlack & Mark Schreiner, Ctr. for Soc. Dev., Women,
Microfinance, and Savings: Lessons and Proposals 3 (2001), available at
http://www.microfinance.com/English/Papers/Women_Microfinance_and_Savings.pdf.





n162.  McGuire & Conroy, supra note 158, at 97.





n163.  Islam, supra note 10, at 153.





n164.  Vonderlack & Schreiner, supra note 161, at 7.





n165.  Id. at 9.





n166.  The Mutuality of Credit: Rotating Savings and Credit Association, The
Global Dev. Research Ctr., http://www.gdrc.org/icm/suppliers/rosca.html.





n167.  Id.





n168.  Id.





n169.  Vonderlack & Schreiner, supra note 161, at 7.





n170.  Id.





n171.  Id. at 9.





n172.  Id.





n173.  Id. at 11-12.





n174.  Id. at 11.





n175.  Id.





n176.  Id.





n177.  Id. at 12.





n178.  Id.





n179.  Islam, supra note 10, at 161.





n180.  Cheston & Kuhn, supra note 88, at 39.





n181.  Asociacion para el Desarrollo Microempresarial Colombiano (ADEMCOL) &
Women's Opportunity Fund, Bundling Microfinance and Business Development
Services (BDS): A Case Study from ADEMCOL in Colombia 7 (2001), available at
http://www.microlinks.org/ev_en.php?ID=7294_201&ID2=DO_TOPIC.





n182.  See id. (discussing ADEMCOL's innovative approach to a holistic method
which has led to the implementation of a number of empowering community
programs).





n183.  Id. at vii.





n184.  Cheston & Kuhn, supra note 88, at 41.





n185.  Id.





n186.  Id.





n187.  See id. (reporting that illiteracy is a major problem for recipients of
micro loans).





n188.  See Islam, supra note 10, at 157 (noting that without high growth project
support the chances of reducing poverty long-term are "remote").





n189.  Cheston & Kuhn, supra note 88, at 43.





n190.  Id.





n191.  See id. at 42 (pointing out that the most successful recipients of micro
loans have supportive husbands while those who struggle the most have, not
coincidently, problems with their spouses).





n192.  Id.





n193.  Goetz & Gupta, supra note 100, at 60.





n194.  Id.





n195.  See Fernando, supra note 120, at 160 (discussing the divide between NGOs
and local governments).





n196.  See Bales, supra note 56, at 330 (noting that, by relegating it to a
position of political invisibility, governments may tacitly encourage
trafficking because of its positive effects on the local economy).





n197.  Taylor, supra note 98, at 334.





n198.  See id. at 335 (highlighting the benefits of collaboration between local
governments and NGOs).





n199.  Rahman, supra note 62, at 28.





n200.  Taylor, supra note 98, at 336.





n201.  Id. at 335-36.





n202.  Taylor, supra note 98, at 334.





n203.  Id. at 335.


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2016 The Seattle University Law Review
                         Seattle University Law Review

                                  Summer, 2016

                         Seattle University Law Review

                           39 Seattle U. L. Rev. 1263

LENGTH: 8767 words

ARTICLE: "Please Stop Telling Her to Leave." Where is the Money: Reclaiming
Economic Power to Address Domestic Violence

NAME: Margo Lindauer *

BIO:


* Margo K. Lindauer is a Clinical Professor of Law at Northeastern University
School of Law (NUSL), and the Director of NUSL's Domestic Violence Institute.
The author gratefully acknowledges Jacqueline Kelly and Jessica Winn for their
stellar research support, and the editorial board of the Seattle University Law
Review for its thoughtful editing. Most special thanks to Joshua, Ella and Valea
for their unwavering support.

 TEXT:
 [*1263]  INTRODUCTION

   In this Article, I argue that economic dependence is a critical factor in
violence prevention. For many victims  n1 of domestic violence, the  [*1264]
economic entanglement with an abusive partner is too strong to sever contact
without another source of economic support. This Article is a thought experiment
in economic justice; it asks the question: is there a way to provide outside
economic support for a victim of violence fleeing a battering partner? In this
Article, I examine existing systems such as Social Security, unemployment
assistance, work-readiness programs, crowd sourcing, and others to evaluate how
these sources could provide emergency economic support for victims. I discuss
the feasibility of using these systems to provide such support. From there, I
provide a safety and security analysis with an eye towards economic freedom.

   A victim of domestic violence  n2 who shares a home with her battering
partner, or no longer is safe in her own home, may want to flee. But flee to
where? There is limited domestic violence shelter space across the country. And
that which does exist is often outside a victim's community, necessitating her
to leave family, her children's school, work, or place of worship, among others.
In addition, because shelter space is extremely limited, those fleeing with
urgency and no plan have a near-zero likelihood of finding space in a domestic
violence shelter on a given day.  n3 In some states, there is homeless shelter
space available for families with children. This may be an option for some.
However, a fleeing victim has no choice as to location or type of living space
that a homeless shelter may provide. Further, homeless shelters are often less
secure than domestic violence shelters. In addition, many homeless shelters only
house parents and their children. For a childless victim or a victim leaving her
children behind, there are few options and virtually none that are secure,
confidential, and available immediately.

   Housing aside, how is a victim (and frequently a victim and her children) to
survive without her batterer's financial support? When a victim decides she
wants to leave a relationship, she may have been financially dependent on her
batterer for some time. Frequently, this economic dependence is a part of the
abuse, acting as another way for a batterer to exert complete power and control
in the relationship.  n4

   This piece will explore potential options. These options are suggested with
thoughtfulness and a cursory exploration of the potential downsides. They are
suggested to instigate a conversation about economic justice and isolation. And
they try to answer a question: would more  [*1265]  victims leave if they had
the money? And what does that money mean? How much is enough? Is enough ever
enough?

   I. PRIORITIZING SAFETY

   Much has changed in domestic violence rhetoric. Best practice now tells us
that prioritizing a victim's safety comes in many different forms. As our
understanding of the dynamics of domestic abuse has developed, service providers
know that obtaining a civil protection order  n5 against one's abuser, for
example, may not necessarily be in a client's safety interest.  n6 People who
work with victims of domestic violence know that it is unrealistic to expect all
individuals who have physically, sexually, and/or psychologically abused their
intimate partners--as is often a required finding to obtain a protection order
in the first place--will simply "cease and desist" and abide by a court order.
n7

   Less understood but well documented is the risk of actually leaving a
battering partner. There is grave danger in leaving a battering relationship;
n8 victims who leave their batterers are often at heightened risk of harm. This
notion has been termed "separation assault."  n9

   Those who work with victims of domestic violence are taught to empower
clients because they know their abusers best. They are the ones, after all, who
have been able to keep themselves alive to the point when we meet them. They
know their batterers' signs and triggers. They know whether a restraining order
will make them safer or put them in greater danger. They also have the best idea
as to whether leaving a battering relationship will bring them safety.

   But, let's take it a step further: assume that a person wants to leave a
battering partner with or without the assistance of court, police, or a
restraining order. What does that look like? How is it possible? How does that
happen if the victim has no economic resources?

   II. ECONOMIC DEPENDENCE AS A FORM OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE.

   Victims of domestic violence are frequently financially dependent on their
abusers and lack a community support system. Isolation from family, friends and
a work community is common in battering relationships.  [*1266]  Most victims do
not leave violent relationships because they are unable to gather the resources
to do so. How does a victim who no longer wants to live with abuse separate from
her source of income?

   Lack of shelter and affordable, accessible housing is one of the reasons many
victims stay in an abusive relationship or return to their batterers after
initially leaving.  n10 There is not enough emergency domestic violence shelter
space in the United States to meet the demand.  n11 In a 24-hour period on
November 2, 2006, for example, there were more than 5,000 unmet requests for
shelter beds in the United States.  n12 Almost ten years later, in another
survey administered on September 16, 2015, that need had increased to 7,728
unmet requests for shelter space.  n13

   Most victims cannot safely stay with, or rely upon, family members or friends
for temporary shelter. For many, staying with friends and family puts everyone
in danger. Many abusers know the location of family and friends' homes. Further,
many victims have lost family support as a result of the ongoing isolation they
endured during the relationship.

   Frequently, batterers do not let their victims work or socialize. Many
victims have spotty work histories because batterers have interfered with their
schedules, causing them to miss days and often ultimately leading to
termination. This is often used as a means of exerting power and control. Many
victims also have poor credit histories either because their batterers have used
victims' credits for their own benefit or because they have been unable to pay
their bills on time due to their spotty income streams.  n14 Lack of credit
presents an immediate obstacle to leaving. Without credit, a victim is unable to
pay for basic necessities and other incidental costs such as plane tickets,
rental cars, hotel charges and the like.

   These factors leave a victim in an economically tenuous position. If she
wants to leave, has no credit, no income, and no support, what is she to do? If
there are no beds available and a victim does not have the family  [*1267]  or
community support to temporarily stay elsewhere, where can she go? How can she
afford to leave?

   III. EMERGENCY GOVERNMENT CASH RELIEF--UNAVAILABLE AND INSUFFICIENT?

   How does a victim of violence who wants to flee her abuser obtain enough
money to support herself? Is there an amount that would be sufficient to cover
costs while she moves, resettles, and establishes herself? What is the right
amount?

   One possible source of income for a fleeing victim could be the federal
Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program. Congress created TANF
when it passed the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation
Act of 1996.  n15 TANF replaced Aid to Families with Dependent Children (AFDC),
which provided cash welfare to poor families with children since 1935.  n16
Through TANF, the federal government provides a block grant each state. Each
state uses the block grant funds to operate their own programs. In order to
receive federal funds, states must also spend some of their own state dollars on
programs for families in need.  n17

   TANF cash benefit programs are implemented and disseminated differently in
each state but their goals remain consistent--to provide cash assistance to
families with children and, in most states, women in their last 120 days of
pregnancy with little or no assets or income.  n18 The amount TANF provides to
custodial parents or pregnant mothers is minimal. However, for women with
children (or those who are pregnant) fleeing a batterer, TANF may be an option
for emergency cash relief.

   The disbursement of funds is not immediate. To apply, an individual often
needs to provide various forms of documentation: proof of identity, Social
Security numbers for certain household members applying, birth certificates for
all household members applying (needed to prove citizenship and relationship for
those included on the application), proof of pregnancy and due date from a
competent medical authority (if applying due to pregnancy), proof of all
household earnings for the last four weeks, and proof of all shelter costs (rent
receipts, mortgage statements, utility bills, lease paperwork).  n19 Other forms
of verification may also be  [*1268]  necessary at the discretion of an
applicant's case manager. Once an application has been started, verifications
must be provided by a time certain. If all required verifications are submitted
on time, TANF eligibility is typically decided within 30 days of the application
date.  n20

   This form of final relief poses five main problems: (1) verification of
eligibility may be impossible for someone leaving a battering relationship, (2)
applicants may be immediately disqualified if leaving a marriage where there was
property and assets held jointly, even if victim had no access to them, (3) the
amount of financial relief is minimal, (4) the 30-day window is not
instantaneous, and (5) many victims of domestic violence do not have children or
a qualifying pregnancy, thus disqualifying them from even applying.

   Abusers may destroy or hold hostage the required documentation, making it
virtually impossible for a victim to prove eligibility. An applicant may have no
access to her identity documentation or access to bank accounts held under her
name. Further, to be eligible for TANF, an applicant must prove that she has
almost no resources.  n21 Though a victim may have never had access to assets
held jointly in a marriage, proving that may be challenging and could
potentially result in immediate disqualification for federal benefits.

   Although TANF is a federal safety net, the amount of assistance it provides
is minimal:

        As of July 1, 2015, every state's TANF benefits for a family of
     three with no other cash income were below 50 percent of the poverty
     line, measured by the Department of Health and Human Services' (HHS)
     2015 poverty guidelines. Most states' benefits were below 30 percent
     of the poverty line. Benefits for a family of three with no other cash
     income were also below the Fair Market Rent (the Department of Housing
     and Urban Development's estimate of the rent and utility costs of
     modest housing in a local area) for a two-bedroom apartment in every
     state; in 29 states and D.C., they covered less than half of the Fair
     Market Rent. Even when benefits from SNAP (formerly food stamps) are
     added to TANF family grants, families with no other income remain
     below the poverty line in every state.  n22


 [*1269]  In addition, because each state sets a specific income level required
of applicants to be eligible for TANF benefits, many states have eligibility
requirements that are too low to reach many people in need of support. The
allocation of maximum benefits varies greatly between states. Additionally, a
victim of domestic violence who does not have a qualifying pregnancy or children
in her custody is automatically disqualified for this benefit. In sum, TANF is
insufficient in the amount of support provided, speed with which benefits are
approved and administered, and coverage of victims seeking safety.

   Despite this, special protections for domestic violence victims applying for
TANF do exist. Almost all states have some form of a domestic violence waiver.
n23 Applicants may request waivers of certain TANF requirements for good cause
due to domestic violence, such as (1) the work program requirement, (2) the
24-month time limit, (3) the family cap, and (4) teen parent school attendance
requirements.  n24

   Some states also provide emergency financial assistance for domestic violence
victims.  n25 Oregon, for example, has one such program:


     The Temporary Assistance for Domestic Violence Survivors (TADVS)
     program . . . is a TANF-funded program intended to provide temporary
     financial assistance and support to families affected by domestic
     violence during crisis or emergent situations when other resources are
     not available. TA-DVS is used to help the domestic violence survivor
     and the children address their safety concerns and to stabilize their
     living situation, thus reducing the likelihood of the survivor
     returning to the abuser. The most common need for TADVS is when the
     domestic violence survivor flees the abuser.  n26


Similar to other forms of TANF, TA-DVS is only available to "families," thus
disqualifying single people or parents forced to flee without their children.

   Some states also provide emergency assistance to individuals and families who
qualify as disabled on an emergency basis.  n27 Eligibility differs  [*1270]
from state to state. In Massachusetts, for example, The Emergency Aid to the
Elderly, Disabled, and Children program (EAEDC) is a cash benefit for disabled
adults, caretakers, and some children. This benefit may help some individuals
who are unable to get TANF (TAFDC in Massachusetts).  n28 EAEDC is a state
benefit. Unlike the family eligibility requirements for TANF, EAEDC covers
individuals.  n29 However, in order to qualify, an applicant must have at least
one physical or mental health problem that lasts at least sixty days and have
trouble supporting herself through work.  n30 As currently constructed, being a
victim of domestic violence alone without a concurrent significant physical or
mental disability is not sufficient to meet the sixty-day disabled criteria. One
could argue that being subjected to ongoing abuse is sufficient to meet the
standard, but case law does not yet support that position. However, many victims
of domestic violence do in fact have concurrent serious physical and mental
health disabilities either directly related to the abuse they suffered or as a
previous medical condition that prohibits work. For these reasons, EAEDC may be
an option for some victims of domestic violence.

   Verification of eligibility for EAEDC may be impossible for someone leaving a
battering relationship, much as it is for those seeking TANF benefits. An
applicant may struggle to prove sixty days of disability prior to application.
Applicants may also be immediately disqualified if leaving a marriage where
there was property held jointly, even if the victim lacked access to the
property. Further, the sixty-day criteria threshold eligibility requirement
poses a serious safety risk; many may decide to stay in a violent relationship
to meet the sixty-day eligibility criteria.

   Eligibility issues aside, the amount and speed of financial relief may also
be insufficient. For a single person with shelter costs approved, the monthly
payment can be as low $ 303.00, and the thirty-day window for approval does not
provide emergency financial relief.  n31 Accordingly, while TANF and related
state programs may seem to be viable options for victims seeking relief, they
are often inadequate.

   IV. UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE--MAY NOT BE SUFFICIENT

   Unemployment insurance can be another form of social safety net for victims
of domestic violence. Unemployment insurance is cash benefits  [*1271]  that
partially cover one's existing salary while one tries to procure new employment.
"In most states, individuals are ineligible for unemployment benefits if they
leave work voluntarily without 'good cause' or if they are discharged for
'misconduct.'"  n32 A victim of domestic violence engaged in salaried work that
must stop working or relocate due to the abuse may be eligible for unemployment
insurance even if she quit work and was not laid off under traditional
definitions of good cause.  n33 More than half of the states in the United
States have laws with specific provisions of unemployment insurance to victims
of domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking.  n34 The applicant must
provide documentation or certification of the violence.

   As of July 2014, thirty-five jurisdictions (thirty-three states and the
District of Columbia and the Virgin Islands) passed laws that explicitly
provided unemployment insurance to victims of domestic violence.  n35 Each of
the 35 jurisdictions has different requirements for satisfying the commissioner
of unemployment insurance with certification of the domestic violence.  n36 If
satisfied, this form of insurance can provide cash benefits for victims who need
to flee a work place or geographic area, or who were discharged due to the
disruption domestic violence caused on the job.

   Mississippi, Nevada, Pennsylvania, Puerto Rico, Iowa, and Utah have policies,
interpretation, or regulations explicitly stating that leaving employment
because of domestic violence-related considerations may constitute "good cause,"
and qualify an individual to receive unemployment insurance.  n37 This form of
relief may be helpful and appropriate to some victims and provide a bridge of
financial support if an individual is  [*1272]  forced to leave employment due
to domestic violence. However, similar to TANF and emergency disability benefits
like EAEDC, there is a lag between application and approval. For victims needing
immediate relief, that time lag may be too much.

   V. SUGGESTIONS FOR REFORM

   What if there was a way to create an economic safety net for victims? What if
this economic safety net could be issued on an emergency basis? What then? Would
more people leave a dangerous or unhealthy relationship? How do we as a society
create a social safety net where one does not currently exist?

   The following subparts seek to answer some of these questions. I evaluate
existing forms of monetary and supplemental support such as social security,
crowd sourcing, purveyors of credit, and others to evaluate how these systems
could provide emergency economic support for victims.

A. Cash Advance on Social Security

   Assuming a victim has paid into the Social Security System for a period of
time, could there be a mechanism by which a victim could access money she paid
into the system prior to retirement? If so, a victim could ostensibly borrow on
her retirement or withdraw early.

   As the statute is currently constructed, "Social Security Benefits are the
monetary benefits received by retired workers who have paid in to the Social
Security system during their working years."  n38 These cash benefits are paid
on a monthly basis to retired workers or their surviving spouses.  n39 In the
United States, full retirement age is sixty seven.  n40 The earliest a person
can receive benefits from their Social Security is sixty two (benefits at this
age are 70 percent of the monthly benefit).  n41

   The ability to access some, all or an amount certain of an individual's
Social Security could be a solution sufficient to cover costs while a victim
moves, resettles, and establishes herself. It is also technically the victim's
own money as she herself has paid into the Social Security system though periods
of employment. There are many drawbacks to this proposal not withstanding the
economic implications to the federal budget. This Article does not seek to
answer those larger questions, only to  [*1273]  ask the question: "Is this
possible?" If there were a mechanism by which a victim could access some or all
of her Social Security benefits as emergency financial relief, would she decide
to leave a violent relationship if she did not have other sources of income,
relief or support? A plausible hypothesis is yes.

B. Microloans

   Microloans are small loans, typically $ 35,000 or less, that can be used for
many purposes.  n42 Access to microloans and microcredit has gained in
popularity abroad and in the United States. For example, "[t]he Microloan
Program assists women, low income individuals, minority entrepreneurs, and other
small businesses which need small amounts of financial assistance. Under this
program, [the Small Business Administration] makes direct and guaranteed loans
to Intermediaries . . . who use the proceeds to make loans to eligible
borrowers."  n43 Typically they are used to start a business or procure
necessary equipment, inventory or working capital. Most microloans are
disseminated via community based not-for-profit organizations to help low or
moderate income individuals. According to a study done by Accion, one of the
largest microfinance institutions in the United States, there are approximately
13.1 million micro-entrepreneurs in the United States.  n44 This number includes
2.4 million African-Americans and Latinos, many of whom have never received a
business loan and do not meet traditional loan qualifications.  n45 Terms and
interest rates can vary but, in general, microloans have shorter payment terms,
competitive interest rates, and are accessible to borrowers who have little to
no collateral or poor credit.  n46


     The extension of microcredit has been widely heralded as a successful
     means to fight and alleviate global poverty and to empower poor women.
     Microcredit is not charity or a form of welfare, but rather a
     structured lending program that provides those traditionally excluded
     from access to credit with the opportunity to build meaningful
     economic enterprises and thus improve their standard of living.
     Microcredit is commonly defined as the extension of small, short-term
     [*1274]  loans to the very poor, who lack the traditional physical
     collateral required by large institutional commercial lenders.  n47

   It has been argued that more access to microcredit must be provided to
women-headed households who have been affected by war or conflict.  n48 Though
coming from an international perspective, parallels can easily be made to women
who need fast access to money to escape the conflict of their domestic violence
situations. International practices of microlending have been used in the United
States since the 2008-2011 financial crisis.  n49 The model of microlending and
microcredit is not necessarily conducive to emergency flight situations. It
does, however, demonstrate a concept of lending to those with little or no cash
or credit. The goal of both small business development and emergency access for
victims is similar: to provide a path towards economic independence for those
with poor, little, or no credit.

   Though recent access to microloans and microcredit provides hope and a
working model of access to cash recourses, it should be approached and analyzed
with caution.

   The Small Business Administration (SBA) Microloan Program,  n50 the single
largest source of funding for microfinance institutions in the United States,
provides direct funding to qualified community finance organizations, who then
issue the loans to borrowers. Currently, the SBA loan limit is $ 50,000  n51
with an average loan of about $ 13,000.00.  n52 SBA microloans can be used for
several types of business financing, but cannot be used to cover debt or
purchase real estate.  n53 Small business owners who are interested in applying
for an SBA microloan must apply through an SBA-approved, participating
microlender.  n54

   Accion USA is another leader in the U.S. microfinance industry.  n55 The
community organization offers several types of small business loans from $ 500
to $ 50,000, including group loans in which three to five borrowers  [*1275]
apply together and agree to guarantee each other's portions of the loan.  n56
Accion specializes in working with small business owners who do not qualify for
traditional loans, and offers business finance consulting in addition to loans.
Other microfinance leaders include Kiva,  n57 a peer-to-peer lending web portal,
and the Communities at Work Fund,  n58 a program that provides funds to
Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs).

   This model could be used with victims. Microloan organizations such as Kiva
have an extremely high rate of payback.  n59 Many victims find themselves in
situations where they do not qualify for traditional forms of credit and loans.
Modeled after traditional micro-lending organizations, this money could be lent
on an emergency basis and be paid back over time when the victim finds herself
in a safer, more stable environment.

   The microloan model has been used for individuals in distress before.
Cambridge Community Services and Counseling Center, a small not-for-profit in
Massachusetts, issues microloans to asylum applicants.  n60 The amount given is
quite small but issued on a recurring monthly basis ($ 50/month) and repayment
is "encouraged."  n61 Though the amount would not suffice for a victim fleeing
violence and needing to reestablish herself, this model could be applied to
domestic violence victims.

   The model has in fact been implanted on a small scale with victims of
domestic violence. The Kentucky Coalition against Domestic Violence offers
interest free microloans to some clients.  n62 The loan amount is approximately
$ 500 and individuals must meet with the organizations advocates at least three
times before the money is disseminated. Even though clients are only required to
pay the principal amount of the loan back over time (no interest), there is
expectation of payback. The organization will not send nonpaying clients to
creditor agencies for nonpayment, but are required to report nonpayment to the
government.  n63 Thus,  [*1276]  nonpayment does negatively affect any good
credit these victims may have. Further, the organizational requirement of
meeting with an agency advocate at least three times before the money is
disseminated may be too cumbersome and time intensive for victims fleeing
violence. If the need is immediate, the meetings and time necessitated to
complete internal agency intakes and applications may defeat the purpose of even
applying. Though significant, $ 500 is not sufficient in any part of the country
to allow an individual to flee and procure new, safe housing in an emergency.
The microloan model, however, provides a framework for effective lending,
particularly for individuals with little, no or bad credit.

C. Crowdfunding

   Crowdfunding is defined as the process of obtaining needed services, ideas,
or content by soliciting contributions from a large group of people, and
especially from an online community, rather than from traditional employees or
suppliers.  n64 The crowdfunding model has gained popularity since 2006.  n65
Crowdfunding can be implemented to raise funds for almost anything. The focus
since its inception in the early 2000s is to provide a platform so that the
online community can engage and donate in small sums. Money is raised by
submitting pitches to an online platform; these platforms and companies that
operate the websites do some vetting for fraud and then publish them live on
their site for a time constrained period of time. Crowdfunding is growing
worldwide and many see it as having the potential to revolutionize how many seek
financing and engage with online communities.  n66

   Crowdfunding platforms are used to raise funds for various things including,
but not limited to, new businesses, artists or endeavors, fund-raising for a
cause, assistance with medical expenses, support to families and individuals
experiencing challenges due to trauma, natural disasters and death, and even
raising money for an event such as a wedding or funeral.

   Many crowdfunding sites already exist for both individuals affected by
domestic violence. One such platform earned over $ 11,000, had over 1,000 shares
on social media, as well as comments referring to other  [*1277]  pages for
people in domestic violence situations (these are all run by individuals or
friends on behalf of individuals).  n67

   This model potentially provides a mechanism for individuals to raise and
access money almost instantaneously in an effort to flee a violent situation.
There are, of course, clear drawbacks, most obviously related to safety and
confidentiality. For crowdfunding efforts to be successful, someone must share a
story. Though one could change his/her name or share a story on behalf of a
friend or loved one, to reach an online audience and encourage people to donate,
details of one's personal story must emerge. To be most effective, many of the
crowdfunding platforms actively encourage photo documentation to increase
visibility vis-à-vis social media and to give the online audience an image. For
someone in danger, this could put them at even greater risk.

   These platforms can also be used to raise money for specific domestic
violence agencies. The organizations can then disseminate the funds either
through programming or financial assistance to clients.  n68 In this regard, the
crowdfunding platform can be used as a vehicle for organizational fundraising.
n69 This model suggests a potentially safer opportunity for victims to access
funds. However, the drawbacks are significant--access to funds is less
immediate, there may be a monetary limit, and a victim's circumstances have to
meet eligibility requirements of the agency in question.

D. Emergency Work Opportunities

   Economic independence is directly related to access to cash and capital. Most
victims fleeing violent relationships have little money, poor credit, little to
no capital and either are unemployed or are forced to leave employment to secure
some level of safety. How can we provide quick "fixes" related to access to
money to help individuals secure independence. Is there a model that one can
envision where individuals eager to work can find work immediately?

   Most jobs involve an interviewing and hiring process. This process typically
involves an application, provision of a resume and references, multiple
interviews, background checks, potential on-the-job training and if successful,
a work opportunity. Looking and applying for stable work takes time. Application
to offer can be anywhere from weeks to months.

    [*1278]  The process by which individuals volunteer at food pantries across
the country provides a working model that can be applied to emergency work
opportunities for money. Food pantries across the country constantly need
volunteers for a range of activities. Many food pantries do not reject
applicants based on criminal backgrounds and many allow volunteers to sign up
for shifts, frequency and activity on a few days' notice.  n70 Further, for
individuals who have already volunteered at some point in the past, the process
can be expedited. Individuals who volunteer at food pantries decide on the
shifts they prefer, the days they want to work and the frequency. An individual
fleeing a battering partner will inevitably have different and sporadic stresses
on her schedule as she settles into a safer environment; working for an
organization that allows flexibility in terms of scheduling, frequency and
duration would be vital to continued employment. Most importantly, a fleeing
victim needs income and the ability to work without the threat of termination
because of her domestic violence situation.

   VI. LOOKING TO WORKING MODELS AROUND THE COUNTRY

   The Crime Victims Compensation Program is administered by the Superior Court
of Washington, D.C. It assists victims of violent crime and their families with
crime-related expenses, such as funeral and burial costs, medical and mental
health costs, lost wages, loss of support and services, clean up of a crime
scene and, for victims of domestic violence, the cost of temporary shelter.  n71
Victims of domestic violence are eligible for this form of relief if they seek
and are granted a protection order.  n72 Though the relief is immediate--victims
can access emergency shelter the same day they apply for a restraining
order--there are clear drawbacks. We know that a restraining order is not always
in a victim's safety interest; women who leave their batterers are often at
heightened risk of harm.  n73 Requiring victims of domestic violence to
immediately separate and seek a restraining in order to become eligible for
shelter "assumes that getting an order will make them safe--or at least, safer."
n74 This notion is at best short-sighted and at worst dangerous. "Battered women
know their situations, their batterers, and those events and decisions that
[*1279]  incite violence with their batterers."  n75 Leaving and obtaining a
protective order are two actions that can, and often do, put a victim of
violence in even more danger. If a victim has decided that leaving and seeking
shelter is in her safety interest but procuring a restraining order may put her
more at risk, why does she become automatically ineligible for a program? Is
there another way that a similar program could exist without requiring a
restraining order? Are there other ways that a client can authentically and
accurately document their abuse without obtaining a restraining order? Is there
a way that a victim could work with victims' compensation to plan for her
separation and make use of victims' services? That way, a victim could be
engaged with a trained advocate or attorney who can work with her to actively
safety plan prior to leaving her batterer.  n76

   Despite its drawbacks, the D.C. model provides services and shelter to
childless victims. This is unique and states across the country should look to
Washington D.C. as a model of sorts. While not perfect, it does provide access
to safer confidential shelter for 30 days. This option may give victims
sufficient time to make plans in their safety interest, such as accessing
credit, applying and obtaining stable work, deciding to relocate, applying for
housing, etc.

   Most states offer address confidentiality programs (ACPs).  n77 These
programs offer confidential addresses (typically PO boxes) free of charge.
"These programs are administered by states and enable victims of domestic
violence (and sometimes victims of sexual assault and/or stalking) to conceal
their location and minimize the ability of an abuser to find them."  n78

   Once set up, participants can use their substitute address instead of their
home address to receive all types of mail including benefits checks, bank
account statements, identity documentation (such as drivers licenses), school
enrollment, and child support statements, to name a few. "These programs are
critical for survivors to maintain the privacy of their home address . . . ."
n79 Further, they provide an option for victims who are  [*1280]  planning to
leave a batterer. For victims whose moneys are absconded by their batterers when
checks come in the mail (either benefit checks or pay checks) or for those
victims whose batterers have access to their bank accounts, the ACP option may
allow them to more safely divert funds and open new bank accounts without their
batterer's knowledge or consent. This is a model that already exists in most
states in the country and could replicated and marketed as a viable option for
all victims who are seeking to begin the process of economic and identity
independence.

   CONCLUSION

   Leaving a violent relationship is not as simple or easy as deciding that one
wants to live a life free from violence. The ability to leave a battering
partner involves not only safety considerations but practical considerations as
well. Those who have access to money (either in the form of cash or credit) and
support may have an easier and advantaged position related to moving on from a
violent relationship. The systems that currently exist for victims of domestic
violence are not sufficient. Forcing system actors to take responsibility for
victims and provide real options for independence is a challenge that is not
easily solvable. That said, we must do more for victims. Providing emergency
economic support in the form of emergency housing, income, and work
opportunities is an initial step.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Criminal Law & ProcedureCriminal OffensesCrimes Against PersonsAssault &
BatterySimple OffensesGeneral OverviewFamily LawFamily Protection &
WelfareGeneral OverviewPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial SecurityAssistance to
FamiliesTemporary Assistance to Needy FamiliesEligibility

FOOTNOTES:





n1  For consistency, I refer to persons subjected to domestic violence as
"victims." There are other terms I could have used, including "survivor,"
"battered woman," among others. I am not convinced that any term is completely
adequate. I also refer to victims of domestic violence as "she" with a full
understanding that men and individuals who do not ascribe to a gender can all be
victims and suffer harm within the context of an intimate relationship.





n2  The term "domestic violence" is also problematic as abuse can take many
different forms, including emotional, financial, and sexual.





n3  Domestic Violence, Housing, and Homelessness, NAT'L NETWORK TO END DOMESTIC
VIOLENCE, http://nnedv.org/downloads/Policy/NNEDV_DVHousing__factsheet.pdf (last
visited May 24, 2016).





n4  See Dana Harrington Conner, Financial Freedom: Women, Money, and Domestic
Abuse, 20 WM. & MARY J. WOMEN & L. 339, 356 (2014).





n5  Civil protection orders are also known as "restraining orders," "orders of
protection," or "protective orders."





n6  Jane Aiken & Katherine Goldwasser, The Perils of Empowerment, 20 CORNELL
J.L. & PUB. POL'Y 139, 140 (2010).





n7  Id. at 162.





n8  Id.





n9  See Martha R. Mahoney, Legal Images of Battered Women: Redefining the Issue
of Separation, 90 MICH. L. REV. 1, 6 (1991) (coining the term "separation
assault" to identify assaults that block women from leaving).





n10  Sarah M. Buel, Effective Assistance of Counsel for Battered Women
Defendants: A Normative Construct, 26 HARV. WOMEN'S L.J. 217, 243 (2003).





n11  NAT'L NETWORK TO END DOMESTIC VIOLENCE, DOMESTIC VIOLENCE COUNTS 2012: A
24-HOUR CENSUS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE SHELTERS AND SERVICES 6 (2012), available at
http://nnedv.org/downloads/Census/DVCounts2012/DVCounts12_NatlReport_Color.pdf
("[I]n most places the demand for emergency shelter is outpacing the
availability. Across the country, advocates reported over and over that they
were not able to house victims seeking shelter because of a lack of shelter
beds.").





n12  Radha Iyengar & Lindsay Sabik, The Dangerous Shortage of Domestic Violence
Services, 28 HEALTH AFF. 1052, 1057 (2009).





n13  NAT'L NETWORK TO END DOMESTIC VIOLENCE, DOMESTIC VIOLENCE COUNTS 2015: A
24-HOUR CENSUS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE SHELTERS AND SERVICES 1 (2015), available at
http://nnedv.org/downloads/Census/DVCounts2015/DVCounts15_NatlReport.compressed.
pdf.





n14  Conner, supra note 4, at 365-66.





n15  42 U.S.C. § 601 (2012).





n16  Policy Basics: An Introduction to TANF, CTR. ON BUDGET & POL'Y PRIORITIES,
http://www.cbpp.org/research/policy-basics-an-introduction-to-tanf (last updated
June 15, 2015).





n17  Id.





n18  45 C.F.R. § 263.2(b)(2) (2016).





n19  See GENE FALK, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., R43634, TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE FOR NEEDY
FAMILIES (TANF): ELIGIBILITY AND BENEFIT AMOUNTS IN STATE TANF CASH ASSISTANCE
PROGRAMS (2014), available at https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R43634.pdf.





n20  MASS. DEP'T OF TRANSITIONAL ASSISTANCE, HOW MAY WE HELP YOU? BROCHURE
(2011), available at
http://www.masslegalservices.org/system/files/library/CI-DTA_Brochure_English_co
lor.pdf.





n21  See CONG. RESEARCH SERV., R43634, supra note 20, at 3.





n22  Ife Floyd & Liz Schott, TANF Cash Benefits Have Fallen by More Than 20
Percent in Most States and Continue to Erode, CTR. ON BUDGET & POL'Y PRIORITIES
(Oct. 15, 2015),
http://www.cbpp.org/research/family-income-support/tanf-cash-benefits-have-falle
n-by-more-than-20-percent-in-most-states.





n23  45 C.F.R § 286.140 (2015).





n24  See, e.g., 106 MASS. CODE REGS. 203.110(B)(4) (2016); see also DEP'T OF
TRANSITIONAL ASSISTANCE, EXEC. OFFICE OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVS., COMMONWEALTH
OF MASS., MASSACHUSETTS STATE PLAN FOR TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE FOR NEEDY FAMILIES
(TANF) 18 (Oct. 1, 2013), available at
http://www.mass.gov/eohhs/docs/dta/welfare-reform/state-plan-2013.pdf.





n25  See 106 MASS. CODE REGS. 203.110(B)(4) (2016).





n26  Temporary Assistance for Domestic Violence Survivors Program, OR. DEP'T OF
HUMAN SERVICES (Oct. 1, 2013), http://apps.state.or.us/caf/fsm/05dv-a.htm.





n27  See, e.g., Emergency Aid to the Elderly, Disabled, and Children (EAEDC),
MASS. EXEC. OFFICE OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES,
http://www.mass.gov/eohhs/consumer/basic-needs/financial/emergency-aid-to-the-el
derly-disabled-and-children.html (last visited April 11, 2016); General
Assistance, MINN. DEP'T OF HUMAN SERVICES,
http://mn.gov/dhs/people-we-serve/adults/economic-assistance/income/programs
-and-services/ga.jsp (last updated Jan. 30, 2015).





n28  Emergency Aid to the Elderly, Disabled, and Children (EAEDC), supra note
27.





n29  Id.





n30  Id.





n31  DAN BLOOM ET AL., MANPOWER DEMONSTRATION RESEARCH CORP., WELFARE TIME
LIMITS: STATE POLICIES, IMPLEMENTATION, AND EFFECTS ON FAMILIES, available at
http://mdrc.org/sites/default/files/full_607.pdf (last visited Mar. 30, 2016).





n32  Unemployment Insurance Benefits for Victims of Domestic Violence & Sexual
Violence, LEGAL MOMENTUM,
https://www.legalmomentum.org/sites/default/files/reports/State%20Law%20Guide-Un
emp%20Ins%20for%20Victims%20of%20DV%20%26%20SA-7-14.pdf (last updated July
2014).





n33  "Good cause exists when an employer's decision to [discharge/demote] an
employee is made in good faith and based on a fair and honest reason. Good cause
does not exist if the employer's reasons for the [discharge/demotion] are
trivial, arbitrary, inconsistent with usual practices, [or] unrelated to
business needs or goals [or if the stated reasons conceal the employer's true
reasons]. In deciding whether the defendant had good cause to [discharge/demote]
the plaintiff, you must balance the defendant's interest in operating the
business efficiently and profitably against the interest of the plaintiff in
maintaining employment. If the plaintiff had a sensitive managerial position,
then the defendant had substantial, though not unlimited, discretion in
[discharging/demoting] [him/her]." Breach of Employment Contract--Unspecified
Term--"Good Cause" Defined, Judicial Council of California Civil Jury
Instructions (CACI) 2404 (2016).





n34  LEGAL MOMENTUM, TIPS FOR DOMESTIC VIOLENCE VICTIMS SEEKING UNEMPLOYMENT
BENEFITS 1 (2006),
https://www.legalmomentum.org/sites/default/files/reports/uitipsletterhead.pdf.





n35  Id.





n36  See, e.g., MASS. GEN. LAWS ch. 151A, § 25(e) (2016).





n37  Comparison of State Unemployment Laws, U.S. DEP'T OF LABOR (Mar. 29, 2004),
http://www.unemploymentinsurance.doleta.gov/unemploy/comparison2013.asp.





n38  Social Security Benefits, INVESTOPEDIA,
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/social-security-benefits.asp (last visited
Apr. 11, 2016).





n39  Id.





n40  Retirement Planner: Benefits by Year of Birth, SOC. SEC. ADMIN.,
https://www.ssa.gov/planners/retire/agereduction.html (last visited Apr. 11,
2016).





n41  Id.





n42  Microloans 101: What They Are and How to Get One for Your Small Business,
NAT'L FED'N OF INDEP. BUS. (Dec. 11, 2009),
http://www.nfib.com/content/business-resources/money/microloans
-101-what-they-are-and-how-to-get-one-for-your-small-business-50300/.





n43  13 C.F.R. § 120.700 (2016).





n44  See Innovative New Strategies for Accessing Capital, NAT'L WOMEN'S BUS.
COUNCIL,
https://www.nwbc.gov/content/innovative-new-strategies-accessing-capital (last
visited April 11, 2016).





n45  Id.





n46  Id.





n47  Lisa Avery, Microcredit Extension in the Wake of Conflict: Rebuilding the
Lives and Livelihoods of Women and Children Affected by War, 12 GEO. J. ON
POVERTY L. & POL'Y 205, 207 (2005).





n48  Id.





n49  Shaila Dewan, Microcredit for Americans, N.Y. TIMES, Oct. 29, 2013, at B1,
available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/29/business/microcredit-for-americans.html?_r=0.





n50  Microloan Program, U.S. SMALL BUS. ASS'N,
https://www.sba.gov/content/microloanprogram (last visited April 11, 2016).





n51  13 C.F.R. § 120.702 (2016).





n52  Microloan Program, U.S. SMALL BUS. ASS'N,
https://www.sba.gov/loans-grants/see-what-sba-offers/sba-loan-
programs/microloan-program (last visited June 7, 2016).





n53  SBA Loan Program, U.S. SMALL BUS. ASS'N, https://www.sba.gov/loanprograms
(last visited Apr. 11, 2016).





n54  13 C.F.R. § 120.712 (2016).





n55  See ACCION, http://us.accion.org (last visited Apr. 11, 2016).





n56  See 13 C.F.R. § 120.700 (2016); Id. § 120.701, at P 25-570 to P 25-570A;
Id. § 120.705, at P 25-570E.





n57  See KIVA, https://www.kiva.org (last visited April 11, 2016).





n58  See COMMUNITIES AT WORK FUND, http://www.communitiesatworkfund.com (last
visited Apr. 11, 2016).





n59  See KIVA, supra note 57.





n60  The Advance Microlending Project, COMMUNITY LEGAL SERVICES & COUNS. CENTER
ADVANCE MICROLENDING PROGRAM, http://www.clsacc.org/PDF/AdvanceProject.pdf (last
visited Mar. 30, 2016).





n61  Id.





n62  KCADV Unsecured Microloan, KY. COALITION AGAINST DOMESTIC VIOLENCE,
http://kcadv.org/projects/economic-justice-project/micro-loans-2/kdva-unsecured-
microloan/ (last visited Mar. 22, 2016).





n63  Id.





n64  Definition of Crowdfunding, MERRIAM-WEBSTER,
http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/crowdfunding (last visited Mar. 22,
2016).





n65  Id.





n66  See e.g., INFORMATION FOR DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM, CROWDFUNDING'S POTENTIAL FOR
THE DEVELOPING WORLD 5 (Conference Version 2013), available at
http://www.infodev.org/infodev-files/wb_crowdfundingreport-v12.pdf; see also
Ajay K. Agrawal, Christian Catalini & Avi Goldfarb, The Geography of
Crowdfunding 4 (Nat'l Bureau of Econ. Research, Working Paper No. 16820, 2011),
available at http://www.nber.org/papers/w16820.pdf.





n67  See, e.g., Angela Brower, Domestic Assault/Violence, GOFUNDME (May 21,
2014), http://www.gofundme.com/9ewkbk.





n68  See, e.g., Jamie Pshak, End the Silence on Domestic Violence, GOFUNDME
(Nov. 10, 2013), http://www.gofundme.com/57cfmw.





n69  Help Center, GOFUNDME,
http://support.gofundme.com/hc/en-us/articles/203604054-How-do-Certified-Charity
-campaigns-work- (last visited Mar. 23, 2016).





n70  Volunteer Application, GREATER BOS. FOOD BANK,
http://www.gbfb.org/how-to-help/volunteer-individuals.php (last visited May 24,
2016).





n71  Victim Assistance, METROPOLITAN POLICE DEP'T,
http://mpdc.dc.gov/page/victim-assistance (last visited Mar. 25, 2016).





n72  Crime Victim Compensation Program, DIST. OF COLUMBIA COURTS,
http://www.dccourts.gov/internet/public/crimevictimscomp.jsf (last visited Mar.
25, 2016).





n73  Aiken & Goldwasser, supra note 6, at 162.





n74  Id.





n75  Margo Lindauer, Damned if You Do, Damned if You Don't: Why
Multi-Court-Involved Battered Mothers Just Can't Win, 20 AM. U. J. GENDER SOC.
POL'Y & L. 797, 817 (2012).





n76  See Sarah M. Buel, Fifty Obstacles to Leaving, a.k.a., Why Abuse Victims
Stay, 28 COLO. LAW. 19, 19 (1999) (asserting the need for safety planning to
avoid separation assault).





n77  See ACP Chart, NAT'L NETWORK TO END DOMESTIC VIOLENCE,
http://nnedv.org/downloads/SafetyNet/NNEDV_ACPChart_2013.pdf (last visited Mar.
24, 2016) (showing that all states in the United States except Alabama, Alaska,
the District of Columbia, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Michigan, North Dakota,
Ohio, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, South Dakota, Utah, and the Virgin Islands
offer some form of Address Confidentiality Program).





n78  Survivor Privacy, NAT'L NETWORK TO END DOMESTIC VIOLENCE,
http://nnedv.org/resources/survivor-privacy.html (last visited Mar. 24, 2016).





n79  Id.


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2008 The Trustees of Boston University
                        Review of Banking & Financial Law

                                      2008

                       Review of Banking & Financial Law

                         27 Rev. Banking & Fin. L. 370

LENGTH: 5218 words

DEVELOPMENTS IN BANKING AND FINANCIAL LAW: 2007-2008: XI. American Microfinance:
Opportunities and Challenges

NAME: Zahir Virani  n66

TEXT:
 [*370]  Microfinance is the most promising weapon to emerge in recent years in
the fight against global poverty. Although the idea of microfinance has only
recently gained wider attention in the United States, the history of
microfinance in the United States goes back more than twenty years.  n1 Despite
its recent growth, microfinance has an estimated market penetration of less than
1%.  n2 Thus, domestic microfinance has enormous growth potential, but
micro-entrepreneurs and providers of microfinance services face many unique
challenges in deepening the roots of microfinance in American society and the
domestic economy.

   This developments article will discuss the concepts and history of
microfinance, and will focus on the importance of sustainability. This article
will then turn to a discussion on the role of public and private institutions in
furthering microfinance objectives. This article will then explore how the
subprime mortgage crisis and the tightening credit markets have impacted
microfinance.

A. The ideas and history behind microfinance

   Microfinance is most simply defined in economic terms as the supply of loans,
savings, and other basic financial services to the poor.  n3 Microfinance began
with efforts abroad in the 1950's to provide subsidized credit to specific poor
communities, which largely failed due to poor capital retention, poor repayment
discipline, and funds often not reaching the targeted poor clients.  n4 In the
1970's, efforts began to extend microloans to groups of poor women to start
microenterprises, which introduced lending based on the self enforcing
solidarity group structure, in which every member  [*371]  of the group
guaranteed the repayment obligations of all members, and other group members
would not receive funds until other loans were paid.  n5 Pioneers at the
forefront of this effort, namely the Grameen bank, provided loans consisting of
less than $ 200.  n6 The key to such successful microfinance efforts lay in the
recycling of loans, as when each loan is repaid, the proceeds are put into
providing a loan to another microentrepreneur.  n7 The combination of the self
enforcing solidarity group and loan recycling structure of Microloans provided
through organizations such as the Grameen bank have shown an astonishing
repayment rate of between 95-98%.  n8

   On the domestic front, Federal Reserve Board Chairman, Ben Bernanke,
explained that the goals of the microfinance movement in the United States are
"to expand economic opportunities for individuals and to foster community
economic development by providing small loans and other business services to
people who have been traditionally underserved by mainstream financial
institutions."  n9 The funds and services of microfinance are used to develop
microenterprises, which are defined as businesses with five or fewer employees
that require $ 35,000 or less in start-up capital, and which do not have ready
access to the commercial banking sector.  n10 According to ACCION USA, of the
more than 13.1 million microentrepreneurs in the United States, the overwhelming
majority did not receive and were unlikely to apply for commercial bank loans.
n11 Domestically, certain microenterprise development  [*372]  organizations
offer peer group loans in amounts ranging from $ 500 to $ 35,000.  n12

   Although the primary social and economic goals of microfinance are the same
throughout the world, domestic micro-entrepreneurs require greater management
skills to successfully compete in U.S. markets than would be required to compete
in the markets of developing countries.  n13 As a result, domestic micro-finance
programs distinguish themselves from foreign programs by offering new
entrepreneurs a far more diverse program of services beyond simply providing
credit. Such additional services include upfront business training, specialized
technical assistance, mentoring programs, sector-specific advice and support,
networking opportunities, coordinated sales and marketing programs, and the
development of formal links with banks, local community colleges, and other
institutions.  n14 Moreover, the diversified services offered improve the
survival rate of the start-up businesses and reduce the lender's credit risks.
n15

   The microenterprise development field in the United States expanded greatly
during the 1990's, largely as a result of three major socioeconomic trends;
growing doubt as to the effectiveness of government welfare programs; the
growing loss of domestic blue-collar jobs; and shifts in demographic
populations, including increased numbers of women in the workforce and greater
immigration rates.  n16 The welfare reforms passed during the 1990's on both the
state and federal level included the tenet that individuals should be encouraged
to support themselves through employment, including self-employment.  n17
Furthermore, in 1991, the U.S. Small Business Administration recognized
microenterprises as a separate category of business and established the
Microloan Demonstration Project.  n18 As a result of the growth of
microenterprises, providing  [*373]  capital to these microenterprises through
microfinance is increasingly important.

   Microfinance in the United States shows enormous potential. The U.S. market
has caught the attention of the original pioneer of the global microfinance
movement, The Grameen Bank, which entered the U.S. market in February 2008 by
providing loans to micro-entrepreneurs in New York.  n19 Grameen founder,
Muhammad Yunus, indicates that the problems facing mainstream banks in the wake
of the subprime mortgage crisis encourages people to turn to fringe financial
institutions that offer credit at exorbitant interest rates.  n20 Because the
mainstream financial system fails to serve large numbers of individuals, there
is a significant opportunity for microfinance to expand its domestic base.

B. Sustainability of Domestic Microfinance

   If microfinance is to survive as a global poverty fighting tool, microfinance
institutions and governments must foster an environment where microfinance is
self sustainable. Given that the goals of microfinance are both social and
economic, microfinance organizations must be careful to keep a close watch on
the economic viability of their operations.  n21 Inefficient operations can lead
a microfinance organization to run out of sources of capital, thus, finding
itself out of business.  n22

   Self sustainability would have the benefit of increasing organizational
stability, as microlenders would not be dependent on donor decisions to continue
operations, but would rather be able to look to customer patronage.  n23
Currently, microfinance institutions are exploring a multitude of business
models to promote self sustainability, including offering increased fee based
services and  [*374]  using technology to reduce their costs.  n24 A
microfinance organization's sustainability also serves as a measure against
defaults, as borrowers would be more inclined to avoid default so that they may
develop a continuing relationship with the microlender, and be able to access
new loans in the future.  n25 In contrast, borrowers have less incentive to
remain credit worthy in the eyes of the microlender if the lender's very
existence is in doubt.  n26

   To attain sustainability, microfinance organizations require revenues to
exceed cost of funds and loan losses, and must have enough of a surplus to allow
reinvestment in new products.  n27 The most fundamental tools to attain
sustainability are the ability to raise sufficient revenue and adequately
control costs. Just as a commercial bank, a microfinance institution's main
source of revenue stems from charging adequate interest rates and fees to cover
the lender's cost of funds, borrower's default risk, and administrative costs of
originating and servicing the loans.

   One of the largest revenue hurdles faced by microfinance institutions is the
presence of well meaning, but misguided, state usury laws and interest rate
ceilings.  n28 Although the usury laws aim to protect individuals who have poor
credit and lack financial sophistication, the effectiveness of such laws is
questionable, as such laws may inadvertently cause credit rationing.  n29 In the
global microfinance field, banks have indicated that state usury laws affect
their decisions to become involved in microfinance, as usury laws and rate caps
directly constrain the institution's revenue generating  [*375]  potential.  n30
Similarly, American microlenders do not charge as exorbitant rates as payday
lenders, microlenders have faced hurdles in reaching sustainable revenue levels
due to their exposure to state imposed interest rate ceilings, but which payday
lenders and other non-traditional lenders can easily circumvent.  n31 Moreover,
states with strict usury laws have tended to see capital and jobs leave their
states,  n32 further undermining the environment and resources available to the
population which would benefit most from microfinance.

   Microfinance lenders also face a significant barrier to attracting clientele
due to the presence of state and federal laws and regulations that inadvertently
dissuade potential microentrepreneurs from starting microenterprises.  n33
Certain microentrepreneurs would be dissuaded from seeking microloans that would
inadvertently increase their assets to above the level required to receive
government provided housing assistance and health benefits.  n34 Furthermore,
domestic microlenders themselves may be dissuaded from providing microcredit
because they must navigate substantial governmental bureaucracy, including
complying with IRS regulations, consumer protection laws, credit-reporting
practices, as well as a litany of other state and federal laws.  n35

   American Microfinance programs have had an exceptionally difficult time
attaining self sufficiency largely because of the costs of providing training
and technical assistance services for which clients have traditionally paid
little or nothing.  n36 Various domestic microfinance programs have had various
degrees of success in recovering the costs of such programs, and have used cost
control  [*376]  measures such as utilizing graduate students as program
trainers and charging fees for access to such training programs.  n37 Despite
such measures, most programs have yet to attain complete sustainability.  n38

   A significant cost associated with microloans is the cost of originating,
monitoring, and servicing the loans, which regardless of a loans size requires
significant time, expertise, and cost.  n39 Most notably in the international
context, the Grameen Bank attained significant success in reducing such costs
and increasing efficiency by promoting the formation of borrower solidarity
groups.  n40 Solidarity groups tie each member's receipt of funds to the
repayment of loans other members, thus providing significant benefits to both
the borrower and lender, as group members would monitor one another's behavior,
thus reducing lender monitoring costs.  n41 Lenders further benefit from
economies of scale because group members would generally have very similar types
of loans to be serviced.  n42

   Domestic microlenders replicated some of the successes of the Grameen Bank's
solidarity group structure, most notably the Women's Self-Employment Project.
n43 The project further demonstrated benefits to the microlenders, as the
solidarity groups proved effective mechanisms for self-monitoring.  n44
Moreover, the group collected deposits for each member's savings account, which
contributed to a collective emergency fund to provide group insurance, emergency
loans to a group member, or additional working capital for member businesses.
n45 Such activities greatly reduced the likelihood of default and thus lowered
significant costs and risks to the lender.

   Despite the successes of some peer lending experiments, overall, the peer
lending model has had very limited domestic success, with only a small number of
domestic microfinance  [*377]  institutions currently offering loans to peer
groups.  n46 As a result, microfinance in the US has tended to be more expensive
than elsewhere, and has had to find other alternative strategies for cost
reduction.  n47 One of the main avenues that microlenders in the US have
explored in finding alternative strategies to reduce costs are developing
cooperative efforts with commercial banks and financial institutions to meet the
needs of American microentrepreneurs.  n48

   Despite their number, microentrepreneurs have largely been ignored by
commercial banks because microentrepreneur needs are often too small for the
banks to profitably address.  n49 However, commercial banks have taken an
interest in the activities of microfinance lenders as a possible way to improve
Community Reinvestment Act requirements.  n50 As a result, commercial banks have
stepped in as an important source of financial support for major microfinance
organizations like ACCION USA.  n51 Large financial institutions such as
Citigroup have started charitable funds to help wealthy clients donate money to
microfinance institutions.  n52 Moreover, microlenders and commercial banks have
created channels to refer microentrepreneurs who wouldn't normally qualify for a
bank loan and wouldn't know about the services of microlenders, thus furthering
the exposure of domestic microlenders.  n53 The financial  [*378]  support
provided by commercial banks has included collaborative lending.  n54 In
addition to financial support, commercial banks have stepped in to provide
training programs, technology and infrastructure, market data, and governance
support.  n55 Such financial and strategic support greatly benefits the
efficiency of microlenders, and directly strengthens the sustainability of
microlender operations.

C. The Impact of the Subprime Crisis on Domestic Microfinance

   As domestic and global credit markets have tightened since 2007, the global
microfinance field has shown a remarkable insulation from market turbulence.
n56 ACCION International and Grameen Bank have both reported that they have not
seen any credit tightening in their global operations, despite wider market
uncertainty.  n57 ACCION and Grameen indicate that the relatively small amounts
of global capital funding sought by the microfinance institutions, as well as
the funding from the savings of the poor, which are not as sensitive to global
financial interest rates, have contributed to the lack of disturbance in the
microfinance field.  n58 Similarly, donor contributions to microfinance
institutions are possibly seen as a more viable alternative than a straight
donation to a charity in times of economic downturn because there is a repayment
expectation by the donor.  n59 During the downturn, not only has the volume of
funds available to the poor remained unaffected, but repayment rates of the
microloans have also been unaffected. Such insulation is largely the result of
microloan payments coming from the proceeds of businesses operating in the
informal economic sector, a sector not as susceptible to global market
turbulence.  n60

    [*379]  However, despite the current status of microfinance, future
stability is far from certain. Microfinance insulation from capital markets is
not absolute because some microfinance institutions rely on the capital markets
to raise capital.  n61 Most notably, Mexico based Compartamos raised $ 467
million in capital in public offerings in Mexico City and New York.  n62
Similarly, Indian Bank ICICI pioneered efforts to securitize microloans in
India.  n63 As a result of global economic contraction and the increasing
mistrust of securitization models, it is uncertain whether the securitization of
microloan based assets will remain a viable form of funding microfinance
organizations.

   Although global microfinance has remained relatively stable in the wake of
the credit crunch, very little information has been available about the impact
of the credit crunch on domestic microfinance efforts. However, considering the
more developed and formal economic environment in which many microentrepreneurs
operate, and the partnerships between commercial banks and microfinance
institutions, microfinance institutions are likely to be on the lookout for more
conservative funding from donors and commercial banks alike.

   However, despite the challenges, the optimism expressed by Muhammad Yunus at
the February 2008 opening of a Grameen Bank branch in New York indicates that
microfinance still has a very strong demand and potential market in the United
States.  n64 Moreover, the slowing domestic economy and tightening of credit
from mainstream sources leaves many to seek credit from fringe financial
sources, offering loans at exorbitant interest rates.  n65 As a result, the
market for legitimate microfinance institutions may have found an opportunity to
expand in the current domestic economic downturn.

D. Conclusion

   As microfinance has become a globally recognized poverty fighting tool, so
too has its potential to expand in the American economy and society. However,
despite the successes of the  [*380]  Grameen Bank and other microfinance
institutions in the developing world, microlenders face unique and significant
challenges in the U.S. U.S. microlenders have evolved to meet the challenges
related to generating sufficient revenues and controlling costs, dealing with
existing banking and consumer protection laws, obstacles related to welfare
benefits. The remarkable resilience U.S. microlenders have shown in
collaborating with commercial banks and creatively spreading into new markets
and populations demonstrates that microfinance has a promising future as a
weapon in the fight against global poverty.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawConsumer ProtectionGeneral OverviewBanking LawDepository
InstitutionsCommercial BanksEnvironmental LawSolid WastesResource Recovery &
Recycling

FOOTNOTES:





n1  William Burrus, President and CEO, ACCION USA, Address at the CEAMI
Conference: Lessons and Trends of Microcredit in the United States (Mar. 16-17,
2005).





n2  Id. Burrus's data in calculating the 1% figure is based on comparing the
potential need in the market of those microentrepreneurs who have not received
bank credit to the current number of outstanding loans.





n3  CGAP Frequently Asked Question 1,
http://www.cgap.org/portal/site/CGAP/menuitem.b0c88fe7e81ddb5067808010591010a0
(last visited Apr. 3, 2008).





n4  CGAP: About Microfinance, http://www.gcap.org/about/microfinance.html (last
visited Apr. 3, 2008).





n5  Id.





n6  Frequently Asked Questions about Microfinance,
http://www.grameenfoundation.org/what_we_do/microfinance_in_action/faqs/





n7  Id.





n8  Id.





n9  Ben S. Bernanke, Chairman, Fed. Reserve Bd., Address at the ACCION Texas
Summit on Microfinance in the United States (November 6, 2007) (available at
http://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/speech/bernanke20071106a.htm.)





n10  ELAINE L. EDGECOMB & JOYCE A. KLEIN, OPENING OPPORTUNITIES, BUILDING
OWNERSHIP: FULFILLING THE PROMISE OF MICROENTERPRISE IN THE UNITED STATES 7 (The
Aspen Institute 2005).





n11  William Burrus, Microlending: How ACCION USA Partners with Commercial
Banks. (Transcript available at ACCION.org). According to Burrus, 82% of
microentrepreneurs never received a bank loan, and of those, 86% never applied
for one. 14% applied but were rejected for commercial bank loans.





n12  Microenterprise Development in the U.S., Microenterprise Fact Sheet Series,
Issue 1, at 3 (Spring 2005). See also
http://www.accionusa.org/site/c.1vKVL9MU1sG/b.1388813/k.99E8/Socially_Responsibl
e_Investing__The ACCION USA_Loan_Fund.htm. ACCION USA's average loan size is $
5,700.





n13  See Bernanke, supra note 9.





n14  Id.





n15  Id.





n16  See Burrus, supra note 1, at 1 - 2.





n17  Id. See also Edgecombe and Klein, supra note 10, at 9.





n18  Burrus, supra note 1, at 1.





n19  Daniel Pimlott, Grameen Bank's loans to U.S. Poor, FIN. TIMES, Feb. 16,
2008.





n20  Id. According to Yunus, there are 28 million people in the US with no bank
accounts and another 44.7 million with only limited access to financial
institutions. Such unbanked individuals are forced to rely on fringe or
black-market financial operations, such as loan-sharking and payday lending.





n21  Kenneth Anderson, Microcredit: Fulfilling or Belying the Universalist
Morality of Globalizing Markets?, 5 YALE HUM. RTS. & DEV. L.J. 85, 101 (2002).





n22  Id.





n23  Emily Berkman, Note, Microloans as a Community Reinvestment Act Compliance
Strategy, 3 N.Y.U.J.L. & BUS. 329, 333-334 (Fall 2006).





n24  Bernanke, supra note 9. Such fee based services include check cashing and
assistance in remitting profits. Technological innovations to reduce costs
include using internet initiatives to facilitate transactions, underwriting, and
servicing at lower costs.





n25  Berkman, supra note 23.





n26  Id. See also Jay Rosengard, Banking on Social Entrepreneurship: The
Commercialization of Microfinance, 32 Mondes en Developpement 25, 28 (2004).





n27  Rosengard, supra note 26.





n28  Amanda Katherine Sadie Hill, State Usury Laws: Are they Effective in a
Post-GLBA World? 6 N.C. BANKING INST. 411, 427 (2002).





n29  Id. Hill indicates that from bank's perspective, consumers considered to be
high credit risks are more likely to have access to financing if there is
flexibility in the level of interest charged and that if rates are set
artificially low, without regard to risk profiles, there will be credit
rationing.





n30  See JENNIFER ISERN & DAVID PORTEOUS: COMMERCIAL BANKS AND MICROFINANCE:
EVOLVING MODELS OF SUCCESS, CGAP Focus Note. No. 28, (June 2005) available at
http://www.cgap.org; hyperlink to "publications;" Hyperlink to "Focus Note. No.
28".





n31  Hill, supra note 28, at 426-427. Payday lenders can avoid state usury laws
by partnering with national banks, channeling the loan through the bank to take
advantage of federal preemption of state usury laws available to national banks.





n32  Id. at 422.





n33  Lewis D. Solomon, Microenterprise: Human Reconstruction in America's Inner
Cities, 15 HARV. J.L. & PUB. POL'Y 191, 209 (1992).





n34  Id.





n35  Jay Lee, Note, Equity and Innovation: Using Traditional Islamic Banking
Models to Reinvigorate Microlending in Urban America, 16 IND. INT'L & COMP. L.
REV. 523, 540 (2006).





n36  Edgecombe and Klein, supra note 10, at 44.





n37  Id.





n38  Id.





n39  Solomon, supra note 33, at 192.





n40  See id. at 195. In such instances, bank field workers would bring the bank
to the borrower's villages to disseminate information, help form borrower
groups, as well as collect and service loans.





n41  Id. at 196-97.





n42  Id. at 195.





n43  Id. at 203-04. The Women's Self-Employment Project is based in Chicago, and
starting in the 1980's, provided training and microfinancing for low income
women to start businesses.





n44  Id. at 205.





n45  Id.





n46  Burrus, supra note 1, at 4.





n47  Berkman, supra note 23.





n48  Solomon, supra note 33, at 217.





n49  Burrus, supra note 11.





n50  See Aaron Jones, Comment, Promotion of a Commercially-Viable Microfinance
Sector in Emerging Markets, 13 GEO. J. ON POVERTY L. & POL'Y 187, 196 (2006).
The CRA, 12 U.S.C. §§ 2901-2908, creates a legal obligation for banks covered by
the statute to meet the credit needs of its local community, including those of
low income neighborhoods. Regulations implemented in 1993 allow and encourage
banks to cooperate with and provide support to microfinance institutions as a
way to meet their CRA obligations.





n51  Burrus, supra note 11. ACCION New York alone has a $ 1 million line of
credit from Chase bank, which is used as a typical line of credit or as a
guarantee for other credit initiatives. Moreover, the loans provided by
commercial banks are generally at zero interest or below prime.





n52  Kristen McNamara, Citi Fund Backs Entrepreneurs, WALL ST. J., Jun. 13,
2007, at B3.





n53  Burrus, supra note 11. Bank Referrals to ACCION New York account for 25% of
its client base. Furthermore, commercial banks act as distributors of ACCION
promotional materials to potential clients.





n54  Id. Collaborative lending would mainly be targeted to the microlender's
larger clients who have a difficult time obtaining capital for growth.
Collaborative efforts reduce the risk exposure of the bank.





n55  Id. Bank officers often sit on the boards of directors for larger known
microfinance organizations.





n56  Daniel Altman, Microfinance Seems Fairly Insulated from Credit Turbulence,
INT'L HERALD TRIBUNE, Feb. 12, 2008.





n57  Id. ACCION International's network has almost $ 3 Billion in microloans.





n58  Id.





n59  Id.





n60  Id.





n61  Richard Lapper, Big Business in Small Loans. FIN. TIMES, Jun. 7, 2007.





n62  Id.





n63  Bindu Ananth, Financing Microfinance--The ICICI Bank Partnership Model, 16
SMALL ENT. DEV. 1, 7 (2005).





n64  See Pimlott, supra note 19.





n65  Id.





n66  Student, Boston University School of Law (L.L.M. 2009).


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 2011 The Ohio State University
                      Entrepreneurial Business Law Journal

                                      2011

                      Entrepreneurial Business Law Journal

                           6 Entrepren. Bus. L.J. 383

LENGTH: 17007 words

NOTE: THE FUTURE OF MICROLENDING IN THE UNITED STATES: A SHIFT FROM CHARITY TO
PROFITS?

NAME: OLIVIA L. WALKER *

BIO:


* Juris Doctor, The Ohio State University Moritz College of Law, expected 2012.

 TEXT:
 [*383]  I. INTRODUCTION

   When the economy tanked in 2008, Kimberly Frye of Ramona, California knew
what she needed to do in order to save her auto repair shop.  n1 She needed to
hire more employees so that she could stay open longer and add services for
low-income individuals in order to broaden her clientele.  n2 However, the banks
she approached were not willing to lend to her.  n3 Thankfully for Frye, the
Small Business Administration's ("SBA") microloan program saw the potential in
her business plan and loaned her the program maximum of $ 35,000.  n4 Because of
this loan she was able to keep her shop open on Saturdays and maintain a cash
cushion that allowed her to accept state vouchers for smog repairs--decisions
that saved her business.  n5 She now has enough business to support four
mechanics, up from two, and she is especially proud of being the only repair
shop in the area that is able to participate in the state's program that
provides vouchers to low-income clients.  n6 Frye says, "[i]t was the best
decision that I could have ever made. Being a single woman, a single mom in
business, they saved me."  n7

   Two brothers in their twenties, Dan and Joe Gram, had a dream to turn their
years of experience in fitness, gymnastics and coaching into their own business.
n8 They stumbled upon the opportunity to purchase an elite gymnastics-training
center.  n9 After raising $ 15,000 on their own, they needed an additional $
30,000 to take over the business and its ten employees.  n10 They visited at
least six banks with no success.  n11 An SBA microloan allowed them to realize
their dream, and now Joe says, "[s]o far,  [*384]  so good. We're pretty much
break-even, moving toward profitability. We're learning a lot as we go, being
young entrepreneurs."  n12

   Brent Baker founded an innovative company in the Bronx that converts used
cooking oil from restaurants around New York City into fuel that it then sells.
n13 In 2009, the company was in dire need of an equipment upgrade, but three
major commercial banks that had financed the company in the past were suddenly
no longer lending.  n14 Baker was able to receive a $ 50,000 loan from Boc
Capital, a lender that received $ 750,000 in federal stimulus funds to help
small businesses.  n15 Baker said, "[t]he loan increased our profitability and
put us in a position where we could expand."  n16 He was able to hire ten
additional workers with the loan.  n17 He added, "[i]t shows how a relatively
small amount of credit can be such a huge advantage, and we really did create
jobs."  n18

   Each of these individual anecdotes is just one example of the thousands of
success stories of American microlending. In the United States, a microloan is
usually classified as a short-term loan of $ 35,000 or less, and the SBA defines
a microenterprise as a business with five or fewer employees.  n19 Microlending
abroad has become a hotly recognized and discussed topic in recent years, mainly
through the successes of Nobel Prize laureate Muhammad Yunus and his
international Grameen Bank.  n20 Microlending is at an all-time high in the
United States and has the potential to have a real impact on the business
culture and climate of the United States. However, to many Americans, the term
"microlending" still has the connotation of a tiny loan given as charity to
those in dire poverty in exotic locales.  n21

   Abroad, two major microlending organizations have transitioned from
traditional non-profits to for-profit corporations being traded on the public
[*385]  market.  n22 Today in the United States, the time is right for
microlending to have a big impact on American business. The growing disparity of
income distribution, the loss of blue-collar jobs, the shift from relatively
well-paying manufacturing jobs to minimum wage service-sector jobs, corporate
downsizing, outsourcing, and unemployment all contribute to a greater
opportunity for self-employment that could be helped by microloans.  n23
Additionally, more women in the workplace, as well as an increasing number of
single and "stay at home" fathers, are seeking self-employment as a way to
balance work and family, the aging population is choosing self-employment, and
self-employment is being seen as a way to remain in rural communities.  n24 This
note explores the feasibility of microlenders in the United States going
for-profit and being publicly traded, the challenges they would face, the
benefits and costs of going for-profit and public, and what such a model might
look like.

   II. THE EVOLUTION OF MICROLENDING IN THE UNITED STATES

   While the amount of both funding and total microloans given by the SBA to
American microenterprises is currently at an all-time high due to the demand
from businesses that have been turned down by traditional banks, the program has
been in existence for the past nineteen years.  n25 The foundation for
microlending in the United States was laid in 1977 through the passage of the
Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA"), which first started the process of banks
being rated by regulators based in part on their participation of funneling
resources directly or indirectly (through nonprofit organizations) into
low-income communities.  n26 It was not until 1991 that the SBA first recognized
microenterprise as a separate category of business and established the Microloan
Demonstration Project.  n27 Also in 1991, a trade organization for microlenders,
the Association for Enterprise Organization ("AEO"), was founded.  n28 By 1992,
only a year after this official recognition, there were already 108 separate
organizations working in American microfinance.  n29 Even with this sudden surge
of interest, by 1995 no microlender in the United States had come anywhere close
to  [*386]  breaking even--each individual microlender was functioning strictly
as a charity, unable to make a sustainable difference.  n30 In 1999, federal
funding for microlending programs increased through the passing of the Program
for Investment in Microentrepreneurs ("PRIME") Act;  n31 however, during the
Bush administration era from 2001 to 2005, federal funding for microfinance was
cut drastically.  n32 By 2002, there were 650 separate organizations in
microfinance.  n33 Between 2002 and 2008, the total number of microenterprises
in the United States grew from 21.5 million to 25.4 million, which was a growth
from 13.1 million in 1999.  n34 Microenterprises now make up roughly
eighty-eight percent of the total businesses in America.  n35

   III. THE CURRENT STATE OF MICROLENDING IN THE UNITED STATES

   Virtually all microlenders in America are organized as non-profit
organizations and serve as local intermediaries for federal funds.  n36 The SBA
dominates the American microloan market; with loans averaging around $ 13,000,
the federal funds are first lent to specially designated nonprofit,
community-based organizations that then deal directly with the borrowers.  n37
There are also a few non-profit organizations in the private sector that issue
smaller loans without this federal backing.  n38 The American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act ("ARRA"), signed into law in February 2009, included $ 50
million in federal funds designated as microloans for small businesses.  n39 In
the two years following ARRA, the average total of microloans nationwide has
grown to $ 3.1 million.  n40 Current legislation that establishes programs to
aid microfinancing includes the House-passed expansions to the SBA Microloan
Program, the SBA PRIME Program,  n41 the SBA Women's Business Center Program,
n42 and the  [*387]  Department of Treasury Community Development Financial
Institution Fund.  n43

   The current major players in American microlending fall into two categories:
non-profit organizations that act as distributors of federal funds, and
non-profit organizations that operate independently from the government. The
biggest and most established network of microlenders in the United States is
Accion USA.  n44 Accion serves as an intermediary for SBA funds, and is
responsible for more than two-thirds of all the domestic microlending completed
in the past twenty years.  n45 Accion's interest rates are set between 8.99% and
15.99%.  n46 Grameen America, founded by Yunus and following his microloan model
that was first applied internationally, was started in 2008.  n47 Interest rates
hover around fifteen percent.  n48 Yunus is very optimistic about the future of
Grameen America and hopes it will be self-sustaining by 2013--he believes that
"there has been no financial crisis in microlending."  n49 In addition to the
major non-profits, commercial banks such as Citibank are also beginning to see
microcredit as a core business opportunity.  n50

    [*388]  IV. REGULATION

A. Current Regulation in the United States

   Microlenders in the United States currently operate as non-profits.  n51
Because of the non-profit status and the way in which the microlending field
grew organically in the United States, there is no regulatory body that
specifically oversees microlenders.  n52 This allows microlenders to
differentiate themselves from all other financial institutions in that they are
operating in a non-regulated gray area.  n53 Aside from the general Internal
Revenue Service ("IRS") regulations and the state-specific small business and
consumer laws that apply to non-profits, there are no formal or separate
regulations specifically for microlenders.  n54 However, microlenders must abide
by state-specific usury laws.  n55 Congress and lending organizations have begun
to establish some accreditation standards for microlenders; for example, in
order to receive federal funds, microlenders must undergo a certification
process to become a Community Development Financial Institution.  n56 This is a
shift from the historical trend of not requiring microlenders to undergo any
accreditation in order to operate as a lender.  n57 Additionally, the national
trade association of microlenders, the AEO, has recently implemented a process
that would "establish minimal standards relating to lending and/or training
performance, governance and management issues and financial soundness."  n58
Regulation is important to long-term stability and growth. If microlenders
continue moving into the private sector, then investors will increasingly demand
transparency. The microlending community seems to have four possibilities
regarding regulation in the future: to remain largely unregulated, to seek brand
new laws specifically designed for the unique situation of microlenders, to try
to fit microlending into an already existing structure of regulatory law such as
that of a credit union, or to become for-profit entities and therefore be
regulated more like commercial banks and corporations.

 [*389]  B. The Debate of the Regulatory Future of Microlenders in the United
States

   There is ongoing debate about whether such microlending institutions can, or
should, be regulated by the government. David Bornstein, author of The Price of
a Dream: The Story of the Grameen Bank, believes that the government can and
should play a role in the microfinance industry, but that the government cannot
play a leading role.  n59 He believes that the government's role should be to
subsidize the costs of institutional development, but that this subsidy should
not be infinite.  n60 Yunus has expressed his own strong opinion on the many
actions the government could undertake in order to promote the viability of
microfinancing and microenterprise. He believes that completely new laws and
regulations should be designed exclusively for establishing microfinance banks
for low-income people and people on welfare.  n61 He also believes that the
current law is ultimately inappropriate for microlending institutions, but that
one possibility or compromise may be to somehow regulate microlending
institutions more like credit unions, as opposed to regulating them like
commercial banks.  n62

   Additionally, Yunus thinks that licensing for certain industries should be
voluntary and optional in order to encourage the poor to become involved in such
industries.  n63 He believes that as a fundamental philosophy, regulation for
the poor should be as minimal as possible--waiver medallions should be explored
and there should be simpler laws in general.  n64 As a necessary foundation to
foster sustainable and successful microlending, he feels that welfare and
Medicaid should be reformed so that these programs foster maximum independence.
n65 Ultimately, Yunus envisions new tax laws that equate "social business" with
charities.  n66 Perhaps most interestingly, Yunus thinks that microloans should
be non-governmental.  n67  [*390]  He calls for such loans to exist solely in
the private sector.  n68

   Sujeet Kumar of the Hauser Center for Nonprofit Organizations at Harvard
University supports structure and regulation for microlenders because "looser
regulation combined with human greed, poor communication and education has
played a role in the sub-prime mess and the consequent economic crisis" in the
United States.  n69 She explains that regulation of microlending is necessary
not only to protect those who benefit from the microloans, classes of people who
are often vulnerable to economic exploitation, but also for the protection of
the microlending organizations, in order to protect the legitimate microlenders
in the event of a market downturn while keeping away unscrupulous and
"fly-by-night" lenders.  n70

   In 2009 and 2010, the Economist Intelligence Unit, the business arm of the
publisher of The Economist, conducted an in-depth analysis of the microfinance
for-profit business environment in fifty-four countries.  n71 One of the study's
most basic conclusions was that because "microfinance is rapidly shifting from a
niche product to a globally recognized form of finance . . . as microfinance
offerings become more sophisticated and diverse, regulatory and market gaps keep
the industry from operating as well as it should."  n72 This conclusion can be
applied to the United States as well as the rest of the world.

C. Regulation of Microlenders Abroad

   In September 2010, the Indian Finance Minister responded to the ongoing
debate surrounding the regulation of microlenders in India by appealing to the
microfinance industry to self-regulate.  n73 He also supported the
implementation of a cap on the interest rates charged by Indian microlenders,
which already exists in the United States in the form of usury law.  n74 The
Central Bank of India has created a sub-committee to explore  [*391]  the need
for the regulation of microlenders.  n75 In opposition, the President of the
Microfinance Institutions Network, which represents forty-four of the leading
microlenders in India, spoke out in warning that the Indian microfinance
industry would collapse if regulated.  n76 In response to these concerns, a
draft of the proposed India Microfinance Regulation Bill of 2010 was released
for feedback in 2010.  n77 As of early 2011, the Indian federal government and
the Reserve Bank of India were working together on new federal regulations to
oversee microlending.  n78 The proposed federal regulations include requiring
microlenders to apply for registration with the National Bank.  n79 Requirements
in order to be granted the Certificate of Registration include having a net fund
worth a certain amount and having been in existence for at least three years.
n80 The National Bank retains the power to cancel a Certificate if the
organization fails to submit for inspection its books of account and other
relevant documents.  n81 Each organization is required to have a reserve fund
deposited with the National Bank, and the National Bank can order the
organization to invest part or all of its reserve fund into certain securities.
n82 The overall goal of the proposed regulation is to allow the National Bank to
formulate and facilitate "appropriate policy for the orderly growth of the
micro-finance services so as to ensure greater transparency, effective
management, good governance, and to facilitate the flow of thrift services . . .
in an efficient manner."  n83

   Some Indian provinces have already enacted microlending regulation on the
local level--in late 2010, the Andhra Pradesh province enacted regulation in
response to complaints about the actions of SKS Microfinance, India's largest
microlender and only publicly traded for-profit microlender.  n84 The
regulations require that all microfinance institutions register with the
government, restrict the total interest payments charged from exceeding the
amount of the loan, ban the taking of security  [*392]  for loans and impose
penalties of jail time and hefty fines for coercing borrowers with strong-handed
techniques.  n85

   There have also been recent efforts to regulate microlenders in the
Philippines.  n86 In 2010, the Central Bank of the Philippines approved a
government bill that dictates banking policy designed to screen and qualify
microlenders.  n87 Each of these examples of regulation abroad seems to have
arisen out of a fear of exploitation of the poor. These countries have
recognized the tension between allowing the microlending industry to become
self-sustaining and profitable and the negative effect that some of the
strategies that seem necessary to achieve this goal may have on the poor. The
United States is not exempt from a similar tension, as is illustrated by the
fact that the vast majority of microlenders exist as non-profits in the United
States, because of restrictions in the for-profit world. These restrictions
exist in the form of both explicit legislation such as usury law and corporate
governance concerns such as shareholder primacy and the business judgment rule.
This tension is manifested in the way that usury law may prevent American
microlenders from being profitable, and corporate governance issues may
interfere with their fundamental mission toward the poor.

D. Credit Unions in the United States

   A federal credit union is a non-profit, and therefore tax-exempt, cooperative
financial institution that is owned and run by its members; members pool their
funds to make loans to each other.  n88 The Federal Credit Union Act ("FCUA") in
1934 formed a national system to charter and supervise federal credit unions.
n89 The National Credit Union Administration ("NCUA") became an independent
federal agency in 1970.  n90 The 1980s brought about the deregulation of credit
unions, increasing flexibility in merger, membership criteria and member
services.  n91 The NCUA has taken special steps to reach a low-income
demographic and give them access to credit union services.  n92 The FCUA
authorizes federally insured credit unions to serve predominantly low-income
members in distressed areas or neighborhoods largely unserved by  [*393]
traditional banks.  n93 To achieve this designation as a Low-Income Credit
Union, the federally insured credit union must meet various requirements
specified in the NCUA Rules and Regulations.  n94 An important benefit of this
designation is that Low-Income Credit Unions may receive secondary capital from
corporations and organizations that do not qualify for credit union membership.
n95 This process demonstrates that a federal government infrastructure already
exists that encourages federally insured credit unions to provide reasonable
loans to vulnerable populations.  n96 In contrast to federal microlending
avenues, federal support of Low-Income Credit Unions does not involve the
federal government as a direct lender, allowing such credit unions to be
separated from the whims of Congress.

   In 2003, the former Chairman of the NCUA, Dennis Dollar, described the
expansion of credit union services to the underserved.  n97 Dollar reported that
a record 23.5 million new potential credit union members were added in 2002, a
direct result of NCUA's Access Across America initiative.  n98 From 2000 to
2002, credit unions began serving 706 previously underserved areas.  n99 Dollar
stated that "these unprecedented numbers . . . further demonstrate that a safe
and sound but empowering regulatory approach can result in more lower cost
financial services being available to residents in these unbanked communities."
n100 Additionally, he added that "[c]redit unions can play an important role in
meeting the financial needs of these low-income and underserved communities,
many of which will otherwise be driven to the predatory lenders which moved into
these neighborhoods when the traditional financial institutions moved out."
n101

   V. MICROLENDERS AS COMMERCIAL ENTITIES

   In order to move forward, microfinance must transform into an industry.
Becoming an industry involves standardization and accreditation, increased
specialization and professionalism, and consolidation in which the smaller and
weaker organizations give way to the more efficient ones. Government regulation
seems to be inevitable for the conversion of microfinancing into a for-profit
industry.

 [*394]  A. Going Public

   Participating in an initial public offering, or "IPO" is the process in which
a privately held business is converted into a public business, or a business
owned by many.  n102 Going public involves the offering of part ownership of the
company to the public through the sale of debt or stock.  n103 The principle
benefit of an IPO is the potential for increased working capital.  n104 Other
benefits include enhanced visibility, increased market value, and improved
liquidity.  n105 Besides the practical considerations of these tangible
benefits, the decision to go public can also be based on more intangible factors
such as if the market is "hot." The phrase "sex and numbers" is used to describe
the idea that underwriters are looking for a "hot idea likely to send the stock
skyrocketing" and that above all, underwriters are interested in companies with
a story to tell.  n106 While microlending has certainly been seen as a "hot"
industry in the recent past, and this popularity is given as a reason for the
initial success of for-profit microlenders abroad, the industry is very recently
facing new skepticism and criticism.  n107 Additionally, American microfinance
organizations seeking to go public would face stringent requirements and cost
impediments.  n108

   Going public is a rare and controversial step for a microlender to take. The
largest microlender in India, SKS Microfinance, went public in late July of
2010.  n109 This is the first microlender in India to go public and the second
to go public in the world.  n110 SKS Microfinance was founded in 1998.  n111 Its
IPO was $ 347 million dollars,  n112 and the stock surged eighteen  [*395]
percent on its first public trading day.  n113 It earned eighteen million in the
2009 fiscal year on a loan portfolio of $ 320 million.  n114 SKS charges its
borrowers annual interest rates ranging from 26.7% to 31.4%.  n115

B. Microlending and Commercial Banks

   The CRA created incentives for commercial banks to serve the needs of the
communities in which they are chartered to do business, including the need for
credit services.  n116 The Act requires a federal financial supervisory agent to
use its authority when examining financial institutions to encourage banks to
meet these community goals.  n117 The CRA has resulted in some increased lending
to traditionally unbanked individuals in traditionally unbanked neighborhoods,
but the CRA itself does not lift all of the limitations on lending to those
traditionally unbanked.  n118 Because the CRA empowers commercial banks to serve
low-income neighborhoods and maintain profitable community banking, commercial
banks and microlenders thus have some shared intrinsic goals; with these shared
goals, "partnerships between microlenders and community banks seem to be
mutually re-enforcing."  n119 Perhaps not surprising, then, SKS Microfinance of
India is managed by Citigroup.  n120 Currently, the CRA applies to all Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") insured commercial banks.  n121 CRA
regulators recognize banks as being in compliance when they engage in
community-banking activities, which include the creation of local microcredit
programs.  n122 This provides an incentive for partnerships between non-profit
microlenders and commercial banks, as well as the commercialization of
microlending in general.  n123

    [*396]  VI. COMMERCIAL MICROLENDING'S POTENTIAL EFFECT ON THE CHALLENGES
CURRENTLY FACING MICROLENDING IN THE UNITED STATES

   Yunus strongly believes that loans should be non-governmental.  n124 This is
because microloans dependent on government backing have more of the
characteristics of charity or welfare, and the focus is not on the governmental
programs themselves becoming self-sustaining.  n125 The biggest backing of
microloan programs in the U.S. came through the stimulus bill.  n126 This
backing of microloans was merely a byproduct of the government trying to boost
the economy through a stimulus; the focus or desired end result was not a
sustainable and long-term backing of microloans. When microloans are tied to the
government, the funding is contingent on the whims of Congress and the
administration. The risk of this was demonstrated in the Bush Administration's
lack of interest in microlending, which lead to very limited federal funding to
microloan programs.  n127 If microlending becomes an enterprise in the private
sector, then the focus can shift to sustainable programs, which would result in
profits for the microlending corporations and a separation of the success of the
program from the whims of the government. If microlending in America operated as
commercial entities and took place completely in the private sector, then by
default some of the reform Yunus suggests would occur.  n128 Additionally, if
microlenders were for-profit corporations, then instead of requiring the brand
new laws and regulations advocated by Yunus, microlenders could be regulated
more easily and could fit under already existing law.

   While existing in the private sector may address some of the Yunus' concerns
and ideas for reform, microlenders operating as for-profit organizations have
their own set of challenges. One concern in that going for-profit will force
microlenders to behave like controversial fringe lenders. "Fringe lending"
envelops the payday lending movement, which features single-payment, short-term
loans based on personal checks held for future deposit or on electronic access
to personal checking accounts.  n129 Characterized through a value-judgment
lens, payday loans are "extremely  [*397]  high-interest, short-term loans
offered to cash-strapped consumers."  n130 On a very broad level, microlenders
already share some similarities to fringe lenders in that they are an
alternative to mainstream banks and offer small loans; Yunus himself
characterized his Grameen Bank as "sub-sub-subprime".  n131 One journal article
describes fringe lending as running the gamut "from very small 'micro' loans,
through auto financing, and into high-dollar equity lending."  n132 When profits
are driving microlending, there is a risk that the microlenders, like fringe
banking services, would become exploitive or predatory. Similar to microlending,
currently there is no deferral regulatory supervision for fringe banking.  n133

   One challenge currently facing microfinanciers in the United States is
restrictive usury law.  n134 Current usury law provide interest rate caps that
limit a microlender's ability to make a profit and be sustainable because they
must charge higher interest rates than are allowed in order to achieve these
ends.  n135 One reason microlending has been so successful abroad is because
such usury caps do not exist in the informal financial markets of developing
countries.  n136 While it may seem that usury law reform would be the only way
to combat this problem,  n137 fringe bankers, decisively for-profit companies,
are in many cases able to "get around" existing usury laws. By partnering with
national banks, payday lenders are able to take advantage of a loophole in
federal banking law, allowing them to charge high interest rates that are in
excess of the state usury law.  n138 While payday lenders also avoid state usury
limits through sneaky maneuvers and subterfuge, partnering with national banks
seems, for now, to be a legal, although controversial means of avoiding usury
limits.  n139 While no proponents of microlending wish to see microlenders begin
taking advantage of individuals by unfair means, as is a main criticism of
payday lending, short of drastic usury law reform which is unlikely to happen in
the United States, mirroring payday lender's methods of avoiding restrictive
usury  [*398]  laws may be an option worth considering if microlenders are
seeking to enter the private sector. Because many microlenders are already
partnered with large and established commercial banks, they may be able to avoid
restrictive usury law. However, cunningly avoiding usury law would not seem to
be in the spirit of microlending's social welfare and common-good goals. In
order to become self-sustaining and profitable, for-profit microlenders in the
United States must develop a business model and strategy that is successful
without being usurious--a challenge not faced in other countries without such
usury limitations.

   Another challenge currently facing microlenders is the gap that exists
between the potential market and the number of customers currently being
reached. Especially with the advent of the financial crisis and its resulting
vast unemployment, more people are becoming self-employed as a means of
survival. Businesses with less than five employees currently make up
eighty-eight percent of all United States businesses.  n140 The FDIC found that
eight percent of the United States population has no access to credit, and that
eighteen percent has very little access to credit, which together is a huge
populace of "unbanked" individuals.  n141 However, even with this huge potential
market, less than one percent of microentrepreneurs in the United States have
received microloans to date.  n142 Becoming for-profit could help to close this
large gap. Especially if stockholders get involved, then the microlender will be
able to raise more capital, leading to more loans for the poor. Decoupling the
microfinance industry from governmental dependence for funds means that the
amount of potential capital that could be raised could be limitless. However,
this solution turns on whether or not for-profit microlending companies would be
able to attract investors. The economic downfall has caused a decline in
donations to microcredit institutions,  n143 but currently such donations come
from the point of view that microcreditors are essentially a charity, and thus
the donation is not seen as an investment with the potential to financially
reward the investor. While it may be difficult to lure in investors to a
for-profit microfinance company in America that has yet to break even, there
remains the possibility that some investors could be attracted by the idea that
they are doing something good for society that has the potential to benefit them
financially as well.

   While there exists a huge market for those in need of microfinance services,
another challenge facing microlenders is that this need is being filled by
conventional bankers moving more "downstream" and by fringe bankers.  n144 This
is a phenomenon that has only developed in the last ten  [*399]  years.  n145 In
order to compete with these fringe lenders, microlenders must be able to play by
their same rules. This implies that microlenders will either have to go
for-profit or that the rules governing non-profit microlenders must change
because non-profits completely lack the tools and ability to compete with
for-profit entities, which are self-sustaining and can grow because of their
ability to make a profit. Because of the difficulty in competing with these
other financial institutions, developing strategic partnerships with some of
them may ultimately prove helpful for the microenterprise field.  n146

   Still another challenge is that there are simply too many competing
organizations in the microfinance field.  n147 Such inefficiency drives up costs
and leads to operations that are not sustainable.  n148 If microlenders were to
go for-profit, this problem could be remedied because a for-profit market would
drive out the inefficient competition. In order to satisfy the requirements for
going for-profit or even public, organizations could merge or combine forces so
that they could have enough capital. Going public would also aid in
transparency, making such corporations more attractive to investors.

   VII. CAN FOR-PROFIT MICROLENDING COEXIST WITH ITS HUMANIST AND CHARITABLE
ORIGINS?

   There is currently debate about whether or not microfinance organizations can
transition into for-profit entities without losing their original purpose,
mission and successes.  n149 For those that say yes, they argue that
microfinance is, at its heart, philosophically aligned with capitalism and
private markets.  n150 Individuals with this point of view argue that being
for-profit is a way to solve some of the challenges facing microfinancing
discussed above, and that going for-profit could help microfinanciers reach more
people, ultimately expanding the mission of microfinancing.  n151 The proponents
of for-profit microlending believe that there can be a balance between the
missions of poverty alleviation and making a profit.  n152 These proponents also
believe that the idea of doing something good will lure in investors.  n153
People who believe that profits  [*400]  and microloans can co-exist base this
opinion on a fundamental understanding of credit as a tool of business
development and nothing more.  n154 This philosophical underpinning differs
completely from Yunus, who believes that credit should be a fundamental human
right.  n155 A repeated theme that drives the push for microfinance in the
private sector is the need for transparency.  n156 Proponents of for-profit
microlending believe that microlending in America will only ever be successful
if the organizations become drastically more transparent.  n157 Being for-profit
and existing in the private sector would force such desired transparency.  n158

   In contrast, Yunus himself told the Wall Street Journal in July 2010 that
"micro credit should not be presented as a money-making opportunity."  n159 He
believes that credit is a human right, and that this right should not be subject
to the whims of global investment trends or corrupted by unbridled greed any
more than the right to vote should be dependent on literacy tests of property
ownership.  n160 This is a controversial view, and there is an argument that the
analogy between the right to credit and the right to vote does seem to be flawed
in some ways. Yunus' concern is that what is profitable is not necessarily just
or fair, as we have seen with the tactics of the payday lenders.  n161

   From a strictly business point of view, setting aside Yunus' concerns of
morals versus profits, one real concern is that answering to public shareholders
could lead to even higher interest rates for borrowers.  n162 Additionally, some
analysts and researchers worry that as multiple microlenders turn for-profit in
a single market, that intense competition among lenders could lead to
substantially higher defaults.  n163 However, the counterargument to this worry
is that by getting stockholders involved, more capital could be raised, thus
leading to more plentiful loans that would drive interest rates down.  n164

   One recent study concluded that in Burundi, where non-profit and for-profit
microlenders co-exist, there is no significant difference between nonprofit and
for-profit microlenders regarding the poverty level of their loan  [*401]
recipients.  n165 Burundi was chosen as the location for the study because as a
nation Burundi has not benefited from outside donors and foreign investors that
typically support microlenders in other countries and for-profit and non-profit
microlenders have coexisted in Burundi for a longer time than in most countries.
n166 The study found that both types of microlenders prefer to allocate loans to
the "less poor" versus the "poorest of the poor," probably in order to seek
financial viability.  n167 This convergence of the non-profit and for-profits
microlenders' portfolio composition occurs because the non-profits "lose the
possibility to cross-subsidize losses made on loans allocated to the most poor
with gains from loans allocated to the less poor due to the competitive
pressure" from the for-profit lenders.  n168 This study supports the overall
assertion that microlenders worldwide are, out of necessity, moving toward a
self-sustainable model that necessarily includes partial commercialization.
n169 The study concludes that the two different types of microlenders in Burundi
"do not differ much in terms of microloan allocation patterns, which is in line
with the overall global trend of convergence of different types of mircrofinance
institutions."  n170

   VIII. SHAREHOLDER PRIMACY CONCERNS

   The American shareholder primacy principle mandates that managers' fiduciary
duties require them to maximize the shareholders' wealth, precluding them from
giving independent consideration to the interests of other constituencies.  n171
This principle is justified in several ways. First, because the costs associated
with unproductive managerial conduct and the monitoring costs incurred by the
corporation are a drag on a corporation's economic performance, it follows that
"a venture is worth more if managers are tasked with a clear mission, such as
the maximization of the stock price, than with a more amorphous mission
involving the balancing of competing interests."  n172 Second, shareholders
function as the sole "residual claimants," in that they are only entitled to
whatever is left over after other fixed claims have been met.  n173 This is
beneficial because having a single group of residual claimants increases the
worth of the venture in the aggregate  [*402]  because of lower agency costs
compared to a venture in which there are multiple residual claimants; it follows
that the participants will agree that "(1) one of the groups . . . will enjoy
the status of sole residual claimant; (2) management's powers should be
exercised towards the end of maximizing the value of the shareholders'
investment; and (3) the other participants will receive fixed terms that
compensate them prospectively of agreeing to (1) and (2)."  n174 While legal
scholars regularly publish critiques of the shareholder primacy system, the fact
is that this is the current guiding principle of American corporate law, with
the Orthodox Corporate Law Academy concluding that "participants in the
corporation are better off, and the rest of us are at least no worse off, when
social interests are protected through regulatory laws rather than by tampering
with shareholder primacy."  n175 As an end result, choosing shareholder primacy
is essentially a statement that a market mechanism, rather than managerial
discretion, is "a better device for reconciling individuals' competing social,
moral, and financial preferences."  n176

   If microlending organizations were to become publicly held, then, to uphold
shareholder primacy, the priority of the corporation would be maximizing
profits, and not the consideration of the well-being of individual loan
recipients and their entrepreneurial dreams. Ethical questions and
considerations can arise in the course of any kind of business. However, the
microlending movement's historical framing of credit as a human right and its
stated goal to raise people out of poverty are ethical goals that could easily
be compromised by subjecting microlending organizations to shareholder primacy.

   Shareholder primacy is the predominate norm in the countries that share a
legal system based on English common law and equity principles, including the
United Kingdom, Australia and Canada.  n177 This differs from other European
countries, whose laws include aspects of employee participation in corporate
governance.  n178 Asian countries, including India, the home of the publicly
traded microlender SKS, tend to be more stakeholder-oriented, as corporate
governance has a greater focus on interpersonal relationships and the family.
n179 Thus, Indian companies do not necessarily follow the Anglo-American
shareholder primacy norm.  n180 Worldwide, many nations are heading toward a
shareholder primacy  [*403]  approach; many scholars argue that there is no
defendable alternative.  n181 While India may be "functionally" moving in a
direction in which its corporations function with shareholder primacy in mind,
structurally Indian corporations are still not legally compelled to do so.  n182
Some Indian corporations outright reject the shareholder primacy model in favor
of what is being called the "conscious-capitalism movement."  n183 Twenty-eight
Indian investment firms following this business model (as designated by the
Conscious Capitalism Institute) returned 1025% from June 1996 to June 2006.
n184 The chairman of the Conscious Capitalism Institute stated to the Indian
Economic Times that some Indian companies are giving up on the "false premise of
shareholder primacy" and focusing instead on an approach that "ultimately
rewards shareholders with superior financial returns as well as the satisfaction
of knowing that they are helping to impact the world for the better in
multifaceted ways."  n185 One can see how the freedom to operate a publicly-held
corporation in such a way, an option not legally available in the United States
would be a fertile environment for the existence of for-profit microlenders.
Indian corporations have much more flexibility in their management decisions,
and in the context of microlending, can make short-term decisions that may
appear to hurt profits and shareholders while focusing on the well-being of the
microloan recipient without the fear of being sued for a breach of fiduciary
duties to the shareholders.

   Because of this difference in corporate governance, Indian and Mexican
for-profit microlenders, along with all for-profit microlenders in countries
that do not have formal shareholder primacy, are not a perfect analogy or model
for an American for-profit microlender. However, the possibility does remain
that shareholders in the U.S. who invest in microlending companies may be
self-selected to understand the tension that exists between seeking profits and
trying to do something good for society. These shareholders could then choose
not to sue for a breach of their managers' fiduciary duty to them if they
understood their managers' actions to be helpful for the microloan recipients
and microlending in general. While profits are of course the priority for
investors, perhaps the type of investors  [*404]  who would invest in
microlending would be satisfied with ethical decisions that maintain the
integrity of microlending without always maximizing profits to the fullest.

   Closely related to the American shareholder primacy rule is the common law
business judgment rule, a standard of judicial review.  n186 Under this rule,
which is applied in Delaware and a variety of other jurisdictions, the judiciary
will defer to the business judgment of corporate directors when it comes to
their discretion in making corporate decisions, as long as they make such
decisions with a minimum level of care.  n187 The freedom of the board of
directors to make such a wide variety of decisions without justifying their
motives has a direct implication to microlending. If a microlender were to go
for-profit in the United States, then when faced with the business decisions
that affect corporations that do not affect non-profits, such as, at the most
basic level, making a profit, then a board of directors may make decisions that
are not necessarily in the best interest of the recipients of the microloans and
are contrary to the philosophical mission of microlending. Such decisions would
be justified through the board of directors doing what is "best" for the
corporation, in that it must make a profit, but would probably be troubling for
Yunus and other proponents of credit as a human right and the microlender's
special responsibility to the poor.

   This tension highlights the underlying and unresolved debate around whether
or not such a charitable mission could function in a for-profit model. There is
still the possibility that a for-profit microlending corporation could make the
conscious decision to operate itself under the principles of classic non-profit
microlending at the expense of some profits. However, such a choice would be a
luxury attainable only for an established and already profitable corporation,
and a new business struggling to break even would have to make decisions to
maximize the business' success while attempting to balance this need to profit
with its driving ideals.

   IX. IF MICROLENDERS IN THE UNITED STATES WERE TO GO FOR-PROFIT AND PUBLIC,
WHAT WOULD SUCH A MODEL LOOK LIKE?

   Currently, there are two major models in the world of for-profit, publicly
traded microlenders: SKS in India and Compartamos in Mexico. Compartamos listed
its shares for over one billion in its IPO in April 2007.  n188 However, it
makes its profits by charging borrowers a usurious  [*405]  interest rate of at
least seventy-nine percent a year.  n189 This model, with such high interest
rates, could not be followed in the United States. Compartamos was previously a
traditional non-profit for a decade, but switched to operating as a for-profit
because it had become convinced that "by pursuing profits it will be able to
provide financial services to many more poor people far more quickly than it
would if it had continued to act as a charity."  n190 Indeed, Compartamos now
has over 900,000 clients, compared to the 61,000 it had in 2000. Greater scale
and competition has even driven down interest rates, which are down from 115%
seven years ago.  n191

   SKS in India is backed by Sequoia, a leading Silicon Valley venture-capital
firm.  n192 Prominent investors include Vinod Khosla and George Soros, who have
stated that they were attracted to invest by both the mission of eradicating
poverty in India and the strong growth and profit margins of eighteen percent in
its last fiscal year.  n193 SKS has much lower interest rates than Compartamos,
at around twenty-seven percent to thirty-two percent annually.  n194 Investors
sold shares in 2010 for as much as ninety-five times what they paid for them a
few years earlier.  n195 At the time of the IPO, one Indian analyst explained
that there "was a lot of demand for the stock because of its novelty value," and
he predicted that the success of this IPO would, without a doubt, bring about
IPOs of other Indian microfinance companies.  n196 While the stock surged on
opening day in August 2010, and initially was doing very well, the corporation
has recently faced problems. Its CEO was abruptly fired on October 4, 2010.
n197 Stock prices have been continuing at a downward slide ever since.  n198
Now, SKS is under scrutiny over high interest rates, allegations of strong-arm
debt collections, and a rash of suicides.  n199 Several debt collectors were
arrested after more than thirty suicides of borrowers that politicians blamed on
[*406]  aggressive debt recovery techniques.  n200 As of late October 2010,
shares continued to tank, down twenty-two percent from a high in September, due
to the firing of the CEO, the news of the suicides, and confusion resulting from
stricter government regulations that were implemented in response to the
suicides.  n201 In early November 2010, the stock price was below its issue
price.  n202 SKS is ultimately struggling with legal and governmental regulation
problems, which include ordinances issued by individual provinces to regulate
the money lending operations of all microfinance institutions, the regulation of
the Microfinance Institutions Network, the inference of the Indian Reserve Bank,
the Ministry of Finance, and the Indian equivalent of the SEC.  n203 Such
regulation came after political and social pressure resulting from the reported
suicides by SKS borrowers.  n204

   Neither Compartamos nor SKS seem like a viable model for the United States.
Compartamos' interest rates are much too high to be feasible in the U.S. SKS's
operations apparently include aggressive debt repayment techniques that would be
illegal in the U.S. Both Compartamos and SKS exist in countries without
structural shareholder primacy. One template that could be a model for American
for-profit microlenders would be an expansion and adaptation by companies of the
existing Small-Dollar Loan Pilot Program. The program, started by the FDIC in
February 2008, was designed as a case study to show how commercial banks could
profitably offer affordable small-dollar loans as an alternative to high-cost
credit products such as payday loans.  n205 The annual percentage rates ("APR")
for the loans were set at thirty-six percent or less, for loans in amounts of $
2500 or less, for a term of ninety days or more.  n206 The pilot worked with
twenty-eight volunteer banks with total assets ranging from twenty-eight million
to nearly ten billion.  n207 In the course of the pilot program, the banks made
more than 34,400 small-dollar loans with a principle balance of $ 40.2 million.
n208 While delinquency rates on these loans were higher than for similar types
of unsecured loans, default rates were in line with industry  [*407]  standards.
n209 The cumulative charge-off rate for the pilot was "6.2% for Small Dollar
Loans ($ 1000 or less) and 8.8% for Nearly-Small Dollar Loans (between $ 1000
and $ 2500)"  n210 which compare to charge-off ratios of "5.4% for unsecured
'loans to individuals' and 9.1% for 'credit cards' according to the fourth
quarter 2009 Call Report."  n211 What emerged from this pilot program was a
dominant business model: "most pilot bankers indicated that small dollar loans
were a useful business strategy for developing or retaining long-term
relationships with consumers."  n212 To move forward with the information
gleaned from the pilot program, "the FDIC is working with the banking industry,
consumer and community groups, nonprofit organizations, other government
agencies, and others to research and pursue strategies that could prove useful
in expanding the supply of small-dollar loans."  n213 These strategies include
encouraging broad-based partnerships among banks and nonprofits to work together
in designing and delivering small-dollar loans, studying the feasibility of
emerging small-dollar loan technologies and business models, and considering
ways that regulators can encourage banks to offer small-dollar products and how
these products can receive favorable Community Reinvestment Act consideration.
n214

   It is highly unlikely that the government will heed to the advice of Yunus
and create new tax and business regulations to assist microlenders in the
transition to reach their goals.  n215 One promising route, and a compromise
between non-profit and for-profit, seems to be by partnering with credit unions.
Credit unions still receive tax-exempt status, and yet are self-sustaining and
make money for their members.  n216 Microlenders that currently operate
independently from federal funds could begin backing existing LICUs as a source
of secondary capital.  n217 In areas in which hundreds of small microlending
non-profits exist, they could even combine their forces and become a LICU
themselves.

   A conclusion that can be drawn is that, for microlending to become successful
from a financial standpoint in America, such organizations must become
self-sustaining. This could be achieved by small organizations combining
themselves and switching over to be for-profit entities after establishing a
period of success in which they are near self-sustaining in  [*408]  order to
attract investors and divorcing themselves from being solely government funded.
While being for-profit appears to be a solution for many of the problems
currently facing microlenders in America, becoming publicly traded seems to be
unreachable at least for the near future. What does exist is a huge market for
microlending in America that is not being reached  n218 and a potential for
people to make a profit off of microlending in America in a way that stays true
to its ethical origins with a transparency and charitable focus that is lacking
in current fringe lending operations.

   X. CONCLUSION

   Commercial banks are increasingly seeing microcredit as a core business
opportunity.  n219 Microlenders abroad are going for-profit and going public
with mixed success.  n220 Currently, the proper economic and business climate
exists in the United States so that many need and would benefit from
microlending.  n221 The District Director of the United States SBA's Portland
District was invited by Congressman Schrader to testify at the House Small
Business Subcommittee on Finance and Tax Hearing.  n222 During her testimony,
the Director pointed out how even times of economic downfall can hold
opportunities for business growth and innovation.  n223 Fortune 500 companies
such as Texas Instruments, Hewlett Packard, and 20th Century Fox were started
during the Great Depression of the 1930s.  n224 Microsoft and Apple began during
the oil shock and stock market crash of 1973-1976.  n225 The entire biotech and
personal computer industries began in a time when the stock market was down
fifty percent and inflation was heading into double digits.  n226 Tough times
hold great opportunity for innovation aided by the need for survival and
adaptation. Coupling such a ripe time with economic incentives though American
microlending could lead to great things for American small businesses.

 [*409]  APPENDIX I: TEXT OF CONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS AND STATEMENT OF PURPOSE FOR
THE COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT ACT

12 U.S.C.A. § 2901. CONGRESSIONAL FINDINGS AND STATEMENT OF PURPOSE

   (a) The Congress finds that--


     (1) regulated financial institutions are required by law to
     demonstrate that their deposit facilities serve the convenience and
     needs of the communities in which they are chartered to do business;

     (2) the convenience and needs of communities include the need for
     credit services as well as deposit services; and

     (3) regulated financial institutions have continuing and affirmative
     obligation to help meet the credit needs of the local communities in
     which they are chartered.

   (b) It is the purpose of this chapter to require each appropriate Federal
financial supervisory agency to use its authority when examining financial
institutions, to encourage such institutions to help meet the credit needs of
the local communities in which they are chartered consistent with the safe and
sound operation of such institutions.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawFederal ActsCommunity Reinvestment ActBusiness & Corporate
LawNonprofit Corporations & OrganizationsGeneral OverviewPublic Health & Welfare
LawSocial ServicesEconomic Development

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Tanya Mannes, Federal Microloans Big With Small Businesses, SAN DIEGO
UNION-TRIB., Sept. 21, 2010, at C1.





n2  Id.





n3  Id.





n4  Id.





n5  Id.





n6  Id.





n7  Id. at C2.





n8  Id.





n9  Id.





n10  Id.





n11  Id.





n12  Id.





n13  April H. Lee, Microloans Taking Hold for U.S. Firms, CHI. TRIB., Sept. 6,
2010, at C17.





n14  Id.





n15  Id.





n16  Id.





n17  Id.





n18  Id.





n19  Bill Burrus, Lessons and Trends of Microcredit in the United States, ACCION
http://www.accion.org/Document.Doc?id=51 (last visited Mar. 28, 2011).





n20  Yunus and the Grameen Bank received the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006. Yunus is
considered the leading expert in the world on microfinance issues. The Grameen
Bank is a microfinance organization and community bank founded by Yunus in
Bangladesh. The bank makes microloans for self-employment to the impoverished
without requiring collateral. See generally GRAMEEN BANK,
http://www.grameen-info.org/ (last vistited Jan. 11, 2011).





n21  See Mannes, supra note 1.





n22  Bruce Einhorn & David Ruth, An IPO for India's Top Lender to the Poor,
BLOOMBERG BUSINESSWEEK, May 10, 2010, at 16-17. As discussed later in this note,
India's SKS Microfinance and Mexico's Banco Compartamos are the two major
microlenders that have gone for-profit and public.





n23  See Burrus, supra note 19, at 1-2.





n24  Id.





n25  Mannes, supra note 1.





n26  Burrus, supra note 19, at 10; see also Appx. I.





n27  Id. at 1.





n28  DAVID BORNSTEIN, THE PRICE OF A DREAM: THE STORY OF THE GRAMEEN BANK 332
(1996).





n29  Burrus, supra note 19, at 4.





n30  BORNSTEIN, supra note 28, at 338.





n31  Microenterprise Fact Sheet Series, AEO,
http://www.aeoworks.org/images/uploads/pages/fact_sheet_sources%20of%20governmen
t%20funding.pdf (last visited Mar. 28, 2011).





n32  Id. at 2.





n33  Id.





n34  Id.





n35  Microenterprise Business Statistics in the United States AEO (2008),
http://www.aeoworks.org/images/uploads/pages/US-MEBS-2008%20rev.pdf.





n36  Burrus, supra note 19, at 4.





n37  Microenterprise Fact Sheet Series, supra note 31.





n38  Id.





n39  Mannes, supra note 1, at C2.





n40  Lee, supra note 13, at 2.





n41  The SBA Program for Investment in Micro-Entrepreneurs provides grant
assistance to organizations that help low-income entrepreneurs gain access to
capital and provide training and education. See generally PRIME Program, SBA,
http://www.sba.gov/about-sba-info/prime-program (last visited Mar. 21, 2011).





n42  The SBA Office of Women's Business Ownership oversees a network of Women's
Business Centers that provide comprehensive training and counseling to help
women who are economically or socially disadvantaged start and grow businesses.
See generally SBA Women's Business Centers, U.S. SMALL BUS. ADMIN,
http://www.sba.gov/about-offices-content/1/2895 (last visited Mar. 29, 2011).





n43  Through programs such as the Bank Enterprise Award Program and the
Community Development Financial Institutions Program, the CDFI Fund promotes
access to capital and local economic growth in low-income communities through
monetary awards and the allocation of tax credit. See generally Overview of the
Bank Enterprise Program, COMMUNITY DEV. FIN. INSTITUTIONS FUND,
http://www.cdfifund.gov/what_we_do/overview.asp (last updated Dec. 17, 2008).





n44  Burrus, supra note 19, at 11.





n45  Alex Goldmark, The GOOD 100: Microfinance Comes to America, GOOD (Oct. 7,
2009, 9:00 AM),
http://www.good.is/post/the-good-100-microfinance-comes-to-america.





n46  Loan Amounts, Interest Rates, and Fees, ACCION USA,
http://www.accionusa.org/home/small-business-loans/about-our-loans/loan-amounts-
interest-rates-and-fees.aspx (last visited March 21, 2011).





n47  Rana Foroohar, The Poor Always Pay, NEWSWEEK, July 8, 2010,
http://www.newsweek.com/2010/07/08/the-poor-always-pay.html.





n48  Id.





n49  Id.





n50  See generally Citi Microfinance, CITIGROUP,
http://www.citigroup.com/citi/microfinance/ (last visited Mar. 21, 2011).





n51  Burrus, supra note 19, at 14.





n52  Id.





n53  Id.





n54  Id.





n55  Barbara Kiviat, Microfinance in the U.S.: Can Lenders like Grameen Succeed,
TIME, Jan. 11, 2009,
http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1950949,00.html. See also
Payday Lending, NAT'L CONF. OF STATE LEGISLATURES,
http://www.ncsl.org/default.aspx?tabid=12473 (last visited Mar. 29, 2011).





n56  Burrus, supra note 19, at 14.





n57  See id.





n58  Id.





n59  BORNSTEIN, supra note 28, at 342.





n60  Id. at 343.





n61  Muhammad Yunus, How Legal Steps Can Help Pave the Way to Ending Poverty, 35
A.B.A. HUM RTS. no. 1, winter 2008 at 23.





n62  Id.





n63  Id. One example is the flower arranging industry in the state of Louisiana,
where a person cannot arrange and sell more than one variety of flowers in a
vase for resale without taking a test to get a state license. Such regulation
discourages new and financially disadvantaged entrepreneurs and keeps the cost
of flower arrangement high for both the arranger and the consumer.





n64  Id.





n65  Id. at 23-24.





n66  Id. at 24.





n67  Id.





n68  Id.





n69  Sujeet Kumar, Should the Microfinance Industry Be Regulated?, HAUSER CENTER
(Nov. 8, 2010),
http://hausercenter.org/iha/2010/11/08/should-the-microfinance-industry-be-regul
ated/.





n70  Id.





n71  See generally, Global Microscope on the Microfinance Business Environment
2010, ECONOMIST (2010),
http://idbdocs.iadb.org/wsdocs/getdocument.aspx?docnum=35379430.





n72  Id. at 4.





n73  Kumar, supra note 69.





n74  Id.





n75  Id.





n76  Id.





n77  Id.





n78  Vikas Bajaj, Fifteen Years In, Microcredit Has Suffered A Black Eye, N.Y.
TIMES, Jan. 6, 2011, at B3.





n79  Draft Document Seeking Comments/Suggestions of Stakeholders on Regulation
and Development of the Micro Finance Sector, INDIA MICROFINANCE,
http://indiamicrofinance.com/files/2010/05/MFI-Regulation-bill.pdf (last visited
Mar. 29, 2010).





n80  Id.





n81  Id.





n82  Id.





n83  Id.





n84  Megha Bahree, SKS Shares Continue to Slide Amidst New, Strict Regulation,
FORBES BLOG (Oct. 21, 2010, 7:00 PM),
http://blogs.forbes.com/meghabahree/2010/10/21/sks-shares-continue-to-slide-amid
st-new-strict-regulation/.





n85  Id.





n86  See Kumar, supra note 69.





n87  Id.





n88  About Credit Unions, NAT'L CREDIT UNION ADMIN.,
http://www.ncua.gov/Resources/CreditUnionDevelopment/aboutCUs.aspx (last visited
Mar. 21, 2011).





n89  History of Credit Unions, NAT'L CREDIT UNION ADMIN.,
http://www.ncua.gov/About/History.aspx (last visited Mar. 21, 2011).





n90  Id.





n91  Id.





n92  Id.





n93  Ronald H. Silverman, Toward Curing Predatory Lending, 122 BANKING L.J. 483,
586 (2005).





n94  Id.





n95  Id.





n96  Id.





n97  Id. at 585.





n98  Id.





n99  Id.





n100  Id.





n101  Id.





n102  Going Public/Initial Public Offerings (IPO's), VENTURE ASS'N
http://www.venturea.com/public.htm (last visited Mar. 24, 2011).





n103  Id.





n104  Roberta Maynard, Are You Ready To Go Public?, 83 NATION'S BUS. 1, 30
(1995).





n105  Id.





n106  Id.





n107  Bajaj, supra note 78, at B3.





n108  Costs include $ 50,000 to $ 100,000 for legal fees; $ 20,000 to $ 75,000
for accounting; $ 30,000 to $ 200,000 for auditing; $ 20,000 to $ 80,000 for
printing; and $ 10,000 to $ 30,000 for fees. Going Public, supra note 102.





n109  Deepti Chaudhary & Shraddha Nair, After SKS Success Share Microfin,
Spandana Sphoorty May Go Public, LIVEMINT & WALL ST. J. BLOG (Aug. 11, 2010,
11:38 PM), http://www.livemint.com/2010/08/
11233822/After-SKS-success-Share-Micro.html.





n110  Bruce Einhorn & David Ruth, An IPO for India's Top Lender to the Poor,
BLOOMBERG BUSINESSWEEK, May 10, 2010, at 16-17.





n111  M. Rajshekhar & M. Anand, More to SKS Script Than Meets the Eye, ECON.
TIMES (Oct. 9, 2010),
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/news-by-industry/banking/finance/financ
e/More-to-SKS-script-than-meets-the-eye/articleshow/6709648.cms.





n112  Alex Goldmark, SKS Microfinance Stock Shares Tumble Just Months After IPO,
GOOD BUS. BLOG (Oct. 8, 2010, 5:00 PM),
http://www.good.is/post/sks-microfinance-stock-shares-tumble-just-months-after-i
po.





n113  Nin-Hai Tseng, Can Microfinance Be Both Moral and Profitable?, CNN MONEY
(Aug. 19, 2010),
http://money.cnn.com/2010/08/19/news/international/SKS_microfinance_IPO.fortune/
index.htm.





n114  Einhorn & Ruth, supra note 110.





n115  Id.





n116  See generally Appx. I.





n117  Id.





n118  Molly Richardson, Increasing Microlending Potential In the United States
Through A Strategic Approach to Regulatory Reform, 34 J. CORP. L. 923, 934
(2009).





n119  Id. at 935.





n120  Einhorn & Ruth, supra note 110.





n121  Richardson, supra note 118, at 935.





n122  Id.





n123  Id.





n124  Yunus, supra note 61, at 24.





n125  Id.





n126  SBA Applauds Stimulus Bill, Planning Underway for Broadest, Quickest Small
Business Impact, U.S. SBA,
http://www.sba.gov/content/sba-applauds-stimulus-bill-planning-underway-broadest
-quickest-small-business-impact (last visited Mar. 24, 2011).





n127  Richardson, supra note 118, at 930.





n128  See Yunus, supra note 61, at 25.





n129  Payday Lending, NAT'L CONF. OF STATE LEGISLATURES,
http://www.ncsl.org/default.aspx?tabid=12473 (last updated Feb. 11, 2011).





n130  Creola Johnson, Payday Loans: Shrewd Business of Predatory Lending?, 87
MINN. L. REV. 1, 2 (2002).





n131  Foroohar, supra note 47.





n132  Lynn Drysdale & Kathleen E. Keest, The Two-Tiered Consumer Financial
Services Marketplace: The Fringe Banking System and Its Challenge to Current
Thinking About the Role of Usury Laws in Today's Society, 51 S.C. L. REV. 589,
595 (2000).





n133  See generally id.





n134  Richardson, supra note 118, at 935.





n135  Id. at 936.





n136  Id. at 933.





n137  See id. at 923.





n138  Drysdale & Keest, supra note 132, at 652.





n139  One case of a Texas payday lender avoiding Texas state usury laws by
partnering with a national bank based in Delaware is still pending. See Drysdale
& Keest, supra note 132, at 335.





n140  Microenterprise Fact Sheet Series, supra note 31.





n141  SBA Applauds Stimulus Bill, supra note 126.





n142  Richardson, supra note 118, at 929.





n143  Id. at 930.





n144  Burrus, supra note 19.





n145  Id.





n146  Id.





n147  Id. at 13.





n148  Id.





n149  Tseng, supra note 113; see Jonathan C. Lewis, Obama Calls Out
Microfinance: Taking the Measure of Microfinance, MICROCREDIT ENTERPRISES
(2010), http://www.ionpoverty.com/LibraryItems/Microfinance%20Considered.pdf.





n150  Lewis, supra note 149.





n151  Tseng, supra 113.





n152  Id.





n153  Id.





n154  Lewis, supra note 149.





n155  Id.





n156  Id.





n157  Id.





n158  Id.





n159  Eric Bellman, IPO Pits Profit vs. Altruism, WALL ST. J., July 9, 2010, at
C1.





n160  Lewis, supra note 149, at 5.





n161  Id.





n162  Tseng, supra note 113.





n163  Bajaj, supra note 78, at B3.





n164  Lewis, supra note 149, at 7; see also Tseng, supra note 113.





n165  Moise Sagamba, Oleg Schetinin & Nurmukhammad Yuspov, Do Microloan Officers
Want to Lend to the Less Advantaged? Evidence from a Choice Experiment 21
(Working Paper), available at http://ssrn.com/abstract=1771665.





n166  Id. at 27-28.





n167  Id. at 21.





n168  Id.





n169  Id. at 28.





n170  Id.





n171  Ian B. Lee, Efficiency and Ethics In The Debate About Shareholder Primacy,
31 DEL. J. CORP. L. 533, 536 (2006).





n172  Id. at 537.





n173  Id. at 538.





n174  Id.





n175  Id. at 539.





n176  Id. at 571.





n177  Amir N. Licht, The Maximands of Corporate Governance: A Theory of Values
and Cognitive Style, 29 DEL. J. CORP. L. 649, 733 (2004).





n178  Id. at 735.





n179  Id. at 736.





n180  Simon Deakin, The Coming Transformation of Shareholder Value, 13 CORP.
GOVERNANCE: INT'L REV. 11, 15 (2005).





n181  See generally Henry Hansmann & Reinier Kraakman, The End of History for
Corporate Law, 89 GEO. L.J. 439 (2001).





n182  Mary C. Gentile & Maureen Scully, Corporate Governance Revisited: What Do
We Know and What Do We Teach Future Business Leaders, ASPEN INSTITUTE BUS. AND
SOC'Y. PROGRAM, http://www.caseplace.org/d.asp?d=2512 at 7 (last visited, Mar.
30, 2011).





n183  Kala Vijayraghavan, Op-Ed., They Reject the Idea of Any Kind of
Exploitation in Pursuit of Selfish Goals, ECON. TIMES (Oct. 1, 2010, 4:49 AM),
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/opinion/interviews/They-reject-the-idea-of-a
ny-kind-of-exploitation-in-pursuit-of-selfish-goals/articleshow/6661891.cms.





n184  Id.





n185  Id.





n186  3A WILLIAM MEADE FLETCHER, FLETCHER CYCLOPEDIA OF THE LAW OF CORPORATIONS
§ 1036 (Feb. 2011).





n187  Id.





n188  Doing Good By Doing Very Nicely Indeed, ECONOMIST, June 26, 2008,
http://www.economist.com/node/11622469?story_id=11622469.





n189  Id.





n190  Id.





n191  Id.





n192  Vikas Bajaj, Microlenders, First in India to Go Public, Trades Higher,
N.Y. TIMES, Aug. 17, 2010, at B4.





n193  Id.





n194  Penny MacRae, India Microlenders Face Heat Over Rates, AFP (Oct. 23,
2010),
http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5j_DNjSqPOUlDK1z1pzZpipT2aP5A?
docId=CNG.57e0818dd0c36f59b99307c62436bf2a.b1.





n195  Bajaj, supra note 78, at B3.





n196  Bajaj, supra note 192, at B4.





n197  Come Clean, NRN Tells SKS & Akula, TIMES OF INDIA, Oct. 27, 2010,
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/india-business/Come-clean-NRN-tells-
SKS-Akula/articleshow/6819025.cms.





n198  Id.





n199  MacRae, supra note 194.





n200  Id.





n201  Megha Bahree, supra note 84.





n202  Pramit Bhattacharya, A Macro View of Microfinance, LIVEMINT, (Oct. 28,
2010, 2:28 AM),
http://www.livemint.com/2010/10/26233514/A-macro-view-of-microfinance.html.





n203  Crisis-hit SKS Microfinance Cuts Rates Further, ECON. TIMES (Nov. 10,
2010),
http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/news-by-industry/banking/finance/bankin
g/Crisis-hit-SKS-Microfinance-cuts-rates-further/articleshow/6898306.cms.





n204  Id.





n205  Small-Dollar Loan Pilot Program, FDIC,
http://www.fdic.gov/smalldollarloans/ (last visited Mar. 30, 2011).





n206  Id.





n207  Id.





n208  Id.





n209  Id.





n210  Id.





n211  Id.





n212  Id.





n213  Id.





n214  Id.





n215  See Yunus, supra note 61.





n216  Frequently Asked Questions, NAT'L CREDIT UNION ADMIN.,
http://www.ncua.gov/About/FAQ.aspx (last visited Mar. 30, 2011).





n217  See Silverman, supra note 93, at 586.





n218  See Richardson, supra note 118.





n219  See generally Citi Microfinance, supra note 50.





n220  Bajaj, supra note 192, at B4.





n221  See generally Burrus, supra note 19.





n222  Exploring Ways for Small Businesses to Access Capital: Hearing Before the
Small Bus. H. Subcomm. on Fin. and Tax, 111th Cong. (2009) (statement of the
District Director of the United States Small Business Administration's Portland
District).





n223  Id.





n224  Id.





n225  Id.





n226  Id.


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 1996 President and Fellows of Harvard College
                Harvard Civil Rights-Civil Liberties Law Review

                                  Summer, 1996

                         31 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 473

LENGTH: 11836 words

ARTICLE: DEVELOPING MICROBUSINESSES IN PUBLIC HOUSING: NOTES FROM THE FIELD

NAME: Margaret Beebe Held*

BIO:


* Equal Justice Fellow, National Association of Public Interest Law. J.D.,
University of Tennessee College of Law, 1995. The author is an attorney with the
Knoxville Legal Aid Society (KLAS).

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  Of that figure, $ 10 billion is spent on economic development projects and
job training initiatives intended to increase the employability of poor people
and to stimulate the economy of low-income neighborhoods. ...  KCDC has also
hired a full-time staff person to run a Tenant Opportunities (TOPS) program, a
federally funded effort to encourage resident participation in public housing
management. ... Although a great deal of work went into designing lease
amendment language and procedures that encourage entrepreneurial activity in
public housing, residents continue to mistrust KCDC, and home-based business
activity remains low. ...  Indeed, KCDC is afforded considerable discretion
regarding a number of matters, most notably rent redetermination, covered by its
lease. ...  Dolly is a single mother of two children and the owner of a
profitable home child care center located in her private home in a residential
neighborhood in Knoxville's inner city. ...  Inasmuch as low-income
entrepreneurs face numerous institutional barriers to successful business
development, it is not enough to secure child care for a client as a favor from
a particular agency official or as a one-time exception to a rule or regulation.
... Even if KCDC were to allow widescale business development in its public
housing apartments, the entrepreneur-residents would still confront the
conundrum of income reporting requirements and the resulting threat of losing
their public benefits. ...

HIGHLIGHT: In June 1994, Wendy and her four children moved to Montgomery Village
in Knoxville, Tennessee from a small town in Michigan. "We were short on money
at the time," Wendy recounts, "so I called someplace to find out where we could
live for cheap rent. I was told to call the Knoxville Community Development
Corporation (KCDC), the local Public Housing Authority."  n1

Wendy called KCDC and found an apartment at a rent she could afford. But it was
not until two months later, when she attempted to start a home-based child care
business, that she realized she was living in public housing.

   "I didn't even know, and I felt really stupid. I thought public housing was
this place with high rises, not like here. But I got this letter from the
Tennessee Department of Human Services  n2 denying me a child care license. It
said the reason was because I live in public housing." Wendy responded by
calling Knoxville Legal Aid Society (KLAS).

   KLAS negotiated an addendum to Wendy's lease, allowing her to operate a child
care business on a trial basis.  n3 Yet as a fully regulated home child care
provider, Wendy now finds herself facing far greater challenges in her efforts
to gain financial independence. One of her children, who suffers from a
debilitating birth defect, has twice been beaten by neighborhood children. Wendy
herself has been physically attacked twice, shot at once, and twice had her
apartment vandalized by a local gang.  n4

   Yet, Wendy seems less affected by the violence than by loneliness. We sat one
evening on her back porch, listening to neighborhood children play basketball
and surveying the railroad tracks that run less than fifty feet behind her
apartment. She talked about the difficulty she has had in "getting people out
here to trust me." She talked about missing her fifteen-year-old daughter, who
could not handle living in the "projects" and moved to Cleveland to live with
her father. She spoke about missing her husband, who was "tired" of her "little
projects costing us money." Then, she got quiet for a while, until her daughter
called her in to supper.  n5

TEXT:
 [*474]  Introduction

   The federal government spends an estimated $ 210 billion annually on programs
to assist the poor.  n6 Of that figure, $ 10 billion is spent on economic
development projects and job training initiatives intended to increase the
employability of poor people and to stimulate the economy of low-income
neighborhoods.  n7 Additionally, state and local governments spend hundreds of
thousands of dollars to attract industrial projects that, in turn, create jobs
in low-income communities.

   Despite these public investments, the number of families living in poverty
continues to rise.  n8 Between 1970 and 1990 the number of people living in
census tracts in which 40% or more of the population was below the poverty line
doubled from 2.7 million to 5.5 million.  n9 In those same areas, female-headed
households with children increased from 45% in 1970 to 62% in 1990.  n10
(Overall, the number of households receiving public assistance increased from
28% in 1970 to 33% in 1990.  n11 As the nation's poverty problem both escalates
and demonstrates increasing resistance to traditional antipoverty approaches,
nonprofit corporations have led the effort to discover alternative ways to
combat poverty.  n12

    [*475]  Foremost among these efforts is the community economic development
movement. Community economic development is often characterized by
neighborhood-based or community-based organizations, usually controlled by
low-income people, conducting development activities, including the development
of business and affordable housing. These activities may benefit impoverished
neighborhoods by providing increased employment opportunities, retail services,
and public and private investment.  n13 Since the 1960s, the movement has become
increasingly widespread and sophisticated, with many community development
corporations adopting a corporate structure and a breadth of activity as complex
as those of major for-profit corporations. Recently, Congress, through the
formation of a Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, has recognized
the importance of economic revitalization and the role of community development
financial institutions in offering "coordinated development strategies,
intensive supportive services, and increased access to equity investments and
loans for development activities"  n14 in poverty-stricken neighborhoods
throughout the country.

   A community economic development approach to fighting poverty differs
considerably from a social service approach. A social service model focuses on
addressing the individual's needs, including food, clothing, medical care,
shelter, and education, or the needs of a neighborhood, such as increased police
protection, better schools, affordable housing, and improved roads.
Alternatively, a community economic development approach seeks to capitalize and
build on the existing resources of an individual or neighborhood to create
economic power. For instance, an individual may know how to sew or may have some
other marketable skill. She may be creative in identifying and accessing the
resources she needs to survive. The neighborhood may have a network of churches
interested in bettering the community, or the principal of the neighborhood
school may have innovative ideas for improving the quality of education.
Community economic development seeks to identify and augment those types of
resources that impact the economic life of the neighborhood.

   In working with individuals in Knoxville's Montgomery Village to develop new
businesses and to design initiatives to support those efforts over time, I have
utilized such a community economic development approach, focusing on the
creativity, resourcefulness, and unique skills of  [*476]  community members.
These assets are often undervalued by policy makers and government officials,
partly because they are poorly understood.  n15

   Furthermore, the revitalizing effect that such businesses can have on a
community is often underestimated. Indeed, in 1995, Mike McGuire, Tennessee's
Commissioner for Community and Economic Development, rebuked Community Microloan
Program's  n16 request for modest state financial support for microbusiness
development.  n17 Meanwhile, the State of Tennessee and local governments spent
approximately $ 75,000 per job in the state in direct government grants,
subsidized bond issues, tax breaks, infrastructure improvements, and
professional recruitment efforts to lure big industry businesses.  n18

   Perhaps individual microentrepreneurs cannot have the immediate impact on the
economies of low-income neighborhoods that major industrial employers can
produce. Commissioner McGuire's assertion nonetheless ignores the aggregate
impact of many small entrepreneurs. According to Chris Just, Director of
Mountain Microloan Program in Asheville, North Carolina, in the last ten years,
approximately ten downtown businesses in Asheville were started by
microentrepreneurs.  n19 Collectively, these businesses have transformed
downtown Asheville into a center of locally produced arts and crafts shops and
have expanded opportunities for other local entrepreneurs.  n20

    [*477]  McGuire's comments also minimize the impact microbusiness
development can have on individual income levels. An additional $ 3500 per year
constitutes a significant increase in income for a low-income microentrepreneur
making less than $ 15,000 at her regular job. Ten such $ 3500 "raises" bring $
35,000 of additional private money into a low-income neighborhood.  n21 This
income stream is likely to stay in the neighborhood, since low-income
enterpreneurs are more likely to feel personally invested in the community where
their home, friends, and family are than would a multinational corporation.  n22

   Indeed, microbusinesses are a vital catalyst for transforming poverty
devastated neighborhoods into at least relatively self-sufficient communities.
Successful and sustainable businesses in low-income neighborhoods may start in
someone's garage. A neighborhood's future economic backbone may even lie in the
woman selling scarves on the street corner today. While an economy of tiny
businesses is not a panacea to the problem of poverty, it is a first step.
Nonetheless, it is a step the federal government has until recently been
reluctant to take. In Tennessee it is a step the government still has not taken.

   Luckily for the residents of Montgomery Village, KCDC has had the vision to
do what the state has not done. Based on positive experiences with residents
like Wendy and with the encouragement of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD) and KLAS, KCDC initiated an outreach effort to its residents
to explore the feasibility of systematically encouraging private business
development in public housing. KCDC's first move in this direction was to
contract with KLAS to interview residents, research legal requirements, and lay
the groundwork for more extensive efforts to follow. The resulting research
forms the basis of this Article.

    [*478]  This Article explores the ways in which state and federal laws, as
well as local regulations, have encouraged and discouraged home-based business
development in the Montgomery Village public housing development in Knoxville.
Most of the research for this project involved sifting through agency
regulations and zoning ordinances, reading law so dry each page crackled as I
turned it. Within those pages were opportunities for ambitious public housing
residents to start home-based businesses.

   Yet what I learned in the short time that I worked in Montgomery Village is
that while these opportunities exist in the text of governing legislation, the
success or failure of home-based businesses is contingent upon many nonlegal
factors. Most notable of those considerations was the sense of profound
isolation that I found in almost every resident with whom I worked; no business
will thrive in a community overwhelmed by economic hardship and overlooked by
public officials and social service providers. Building successful businesses in
public housing takes no less than a comprehensive effort to combat the myriad
forces that divide communities and turn neighbor against neighbor.

   Thus, any discussion about community economic development requires an
exploration of more than how a law or administrative policy theoretically
affects business development in public housing. Where such laws were written by
people with little or no experience of being poor, what the law says is less
important than what residents think it says. Therefore, this Article attempts to
analyze the law, not just from the perspective of a recent law graduate, but
from the perspective of the Montgomery Village residents with whom I worked.
n23

   Part I of this Article provides a brief overview of the regulatory regime
governing the development of microbusinesses in public housing. Part II
identifies three major barriers to entrepreneurial activity in Knoxville's
public housing, using Montgomery Village as a case study. The barriers are: (1)
the KCDC lease and the disincentives it imposes on residents pursuing business
development; (2) KCDC's restrictive interpretation and implementation of HUD's
income reporting requirements; and (3) the difficulty in coordinating
regulations among the various governmental agencies, in other words,
bureaucratic barriers to business development. Part III discusses possible
solutions to each of these barriers and additional obstacles that I encountered
when attempting to adopt some of those solutions.

   This Article presents some of the real life issues facing low-income people
who desire to start their own businesses and achieve economic self-sufficiency.
n24 As I discovered through my work with the residents of  [*479]  Montgomery
Village, an effective lawyer must not only arduously search for the regulatory
opening, but also the statement of principle and the person possessing the
political will to open up opportunities for resourceful and willing
microentrepreneurs. Effective lawyering also requires an understanding of the
struggles and motivations of the people in the low-income neighborhoods that one
is trying to assist. All of the progress in developing microbusinesses in
Montgomery Village has been accomplished through constant collaboration between
the advocates and attorneys at KLAS and the residents and social service
providers in the local community.

   I. The Regulatory Regime: An Overview

   On paper, the legal landscape that entrepreneurial public housing residents
must navigate is fairly straight forward. Business development in public housing
is controlled primarily by federal statutory enactments and corresponding
regulations promulgated by HUD, state licensing regulations, local zoning
ordinances and building codes, as well as the terms of the particular public
housing authority's (PHA) lease.

   At the federal level, a number of statutory and regulatory regimes encourage
resident economic independence and incubate locally based businesses. First, the
Family Self-Sufficiency program "promotes the development of local strategies to
coordinate the use of public housing. . . with public and private resources to
enable eligible families to achieve economic independence and self-sufficiency."
n25 The program allows public housing residents to escrow earned income in
savings accounts,  n26 receive supportive services,  n27 and maintain a freeze
on their rents.  n28 Second, HUD regulations encourage public housing
authorities to develop contracts with resident-owned businesses for public
housing services, supplies, or construction.  n29 Third, HUD encourages and
regulates the formation of resident management corporations, which offer the
benefits of "improved quality of life, [allowing residents to] experience the
dignity of meaningful work . . . [and] choose where they want to live, and
meaningful participation in the management of the housing development."  n30
[*480]  Those resident management corporations may contract with the PHA to
perform one or more management functions.  n31

   State licensing rules provide a second layer of regulation and vary depending
on the type of business involved. In Tennessee, for example, entrepreneurs may
be required to file a number of documents and pay various licensing fees when
starting up businesses. In addition to state licensing requirements, Tennessee
state law requires applicants or licensees "to comply with all applicable local
ordinances, including zoning ordinances and business tax licenses or other
locally required permits."  n32

   A third layer of the regulatory structure encompasses local zoning and code
regulations that apply to all business development efforts, regardless of
whether they are sited in public housing or in privately owned structures.  n33
More important than the rules themselves, however, is the manner in which the
rules are enforced. Code enforcement offices are often understaffed, making
enforcement haphazard and unpredictable. Some offices allow gradual
rehabilitation of commercial buildings once businesses begin to be viable.
Others have a practice of selective enforcement and have been accused of
outright discrimination against businesses operating in certain neighborhoods or
owned by members of certain racial or ethnic groups.  n34 Whatever the
idiosyncracy of each particular office might be, code inspectors across the
board possess enough discretion under the ordinances to make the process of
establishing a home-based business exceedingly cumbersome and often
prohibitively difficult for individuals with low incomes.

   Finally, the language of the local public housing authority's lease and other
relevant PHA policies and procedures may also proscribe or otherwise limit
businesses in public housing. For example, most PHA leases prohibit residents
from conducting profit-making activity in their residential units. Some may
allow specified types of businesses, or may permit businesses only under certain
enumerated conditions. Additional rules may apply in particular cases or
jurisdictions.

    [*481]  The remainder of this Article describes how these rules interact to
create obstacles as well as possibilities for successful business development in
one particular low-income neighborhood in Knoxville--Montgomery Village.

   II. Barriers to Business Development in Public Housing

A. Public Housing Authority Rules: The Lease

   The KCDC rental agreement serves as the starting point for assessing
home-based business development opportunities available to Montgomery Village
residents. Under the terms of the lease, residents are expressly prohibited from
engaging in any profit-making activity, such as operating home-based businesses,
in their apartments.  n35 When signing the lease, residents agree to certain
specified "responsibilities," including a promise "to use the apartment only as
housing for the Resident and the Resident's household as identified in the
lease, and not to use or permit its use for any other purpose."  n36 Most KCDC
residents are fully aware of this provision, though they adhere to it to varying
degrees.

   The comment of one resident, Corrina, demonstrates how the mere existence of
the lease provision deters residents from investigating or engaging in even
nondisruptive entrepreneurial activity.  n37 Corrina described the challenges
she faced when trying to operate a sewing business out of her public housing
apartment: "The main reason I stopped is that my neighbor acted like she was
going to report me, and I'd have to pay all this back rent or I'd get kicked out
of my apartment."  n38 The lease provision puts residents on notice that efforts
to generate additional income at home are not only discouraged, but expressly
prohibited. Thus residents must either covertly conduct business out of their
apartments or forbear from doing business at all. Another available
option--negotiating with KCDC to change the lease provision--does not occur to
most residents. When told that this alternative exists, the residents' responses
ranged from incredulity to skepticism and cynicism.  n39

    [*482]  Corrina's comment also reveals residents' fear that neighbors may
use their knowledge that someone is covertly earning money at home to get the
entrepreneur in trouble with KCDC's management. Indeed, Corrina was so afraid of
being reported and losing her apartment that she stopped sewing altogether,
forgoing an estimated $ 200 a month. This fear is understandable since any
violation of a lease provision is cause for eviction.  n40

   The repercussions of failing to report one's income may run even deeper that
losing one's apartment. Under HUD regulations, KCDC is entitled to one-third of
the estimated $ 200 monthly income Corrina made while sewing. Because she did
not report this income to KCDC, she may owe back rent.  n41 This potential
liability troubles Corrina as she considers whether to start a business now that
she has learned that this activity may in fact be allowed. "They may figure out
I was doing this several years ago," she says. "There's no way I could pay that
money now and get a business going."  n42 Yet Corrina has offered that if, at
the time she had started her business, she had known that the activity was not
prohibited, she would have reported the income.  n43

   Corrina' statement reflects the fact that many public housing managers
believe that HUD does not want to encourage home-based business development
because of the perceived potential of such activity to increase KCDC's liability
or somehow increase the likelihood of damage to individual apartments.  n44
Federal statutory enactments and regulations, however, give KCDC and other
public housing authorities significant discretion in drafting their leases, and
actually encourage local authorities to allow profit-making activities in public
housing.  n45

    [*483]  Increasingly, KCDC has responded to that encouragement, expressing
enthusiasm for responsible home-based business development in meetings with
community-based organizations and social service agencies. In fact, KCDC
recently granted $ 100,000 to the Community Microloan Program (CMP),  n46 which
provides training, technical assistance, and loans of up to $ 10,000 to
low-income persons in East Tennessee who have plans to start or expand a small
business.  n47 KCDC has also hired a full-time staff person to run a Tenant
Opportunities (TOPS) program, a federally funded effort to encourage resident
participation in public housing management.  n48 KCDC also recently won HUD
money to convert the closed Vine Middle School into a "Family Investment
Center," a combination day care facility, training center, and business
incubator located near several of its public housing developments.  n49

   KDCD's enthusiasm for encouraging legitimate home-based profit-making
activity has, nonetheless, failed to result in the revision of KCDC's
restrictive lease terms. The rental agreement, which expressly prohibits
business development in residents' homes, is the landlord's most important and
enduring communication with its residents. It establishes residents'
responsibilities and KCDC's authority, both enforceable under the law. Thus,
despite KCDC's efforts to demonstrate its support for microbusiness development,
residents mistrust the housing authority's offers to assist in the establishment
of such enterprises.  n50 KCDC is, after all, still the landlord, and to many
residents, that fact alone is a barrier to a working relationship.

   When confronted with the deterrent effect that the lease language poses to
entrepreneurial activity, the Housing Director approved an ad hoc procedure by
which residents may request lease amendments of their field managers.  n51 The
field manager, upon receiving the request, calls the Housing  [*484]  Director
to recommend approval or denial of the lease amendment. The Housing Director, in
turn, makes the final decision and reports back to the field manager, who is
required to abide by the Director's determination.  n52 Residents who are denied
approval may appeal through KCDC's normal grievance procedures.

   Although a great deal of work went into designing lease amendment language
and procedures that encourage entrepreneurial activity in public housing,
residents continue to mistrust KCDC, and home-based business activity remains
low. One reason for the relative ineffectiveness of the lease amendment has been
the Housing Director's requirement that the amendment be extremely short and
that key language regarding tenant rights be removed. Procedures to protect
tenant rights, he has argued, already exist in KCDC's rental agreement.
According to the Housing Director, at least initially, KCDC has needed to retain
centralized control and complete discretion over what businesses are allowed to
operate, without reference to any written criteria for acceptable home-based
businesses in public housing.  n53 This oversight role is so important to KCDC
that the Director has been willing to administer personally each lease amendment
on a case-by-case basis, rather than delegate any authority to field managers.
n54 The result has been a lease amendment process that is highly cumbersome,
slow, and inefficient. Leases take a minimum of six weeks to amend, if they are
amended at all.  n55

   The lease amendment process also leaves most resident entrepreneurs
uninformed as to their rights and responsibilities in operating businesses out
of their apartments. Though KCDC field managers generally recommend that
residents sign any amendments to their leases to ensure that residents
understand the amendments' provisions and to encourage a positive working
relationship with management, their signatures are not required. Yet, if a
resident operates a business contrary to the restrictions set forth in the lease
amendment,  n56 the business is subject to immediate forced closure and the
resident is left with little legal recourse. In cases  [*485]  where leases have
never been or have been improperly amended, the resident will be subject to
eviction procedures for violation of the original lease terms.  n57

   In sum, despite the institution of amendment procedures, residents
justifiably feel little different from a year ago regarding their potential
liability under the lease. The ambiguity of residents' rights and
responsibilities and the difficulty of verifying the fact of amendment create
significant deterrents to business development.

B. Implementation of HUD's Income Reporting Requirements

   While residents are very aware of the restrictive language in their leases
with KCDC, few are informed of how those obligations interact with and are
shaped by federal regulations. Most residents believe that KCDC determines all
policies regarding the lease and do not realize that HUD provides the housing
authority with significant tools with which to encourage business development.
Indeed, KCDC is afforded considerable discretion regarding a number of matters,
most notably rent redetermination, covered by its lease.  n58 For example,
although HUD requires KCDC to reassess tenant income at least once a year,  n59
adjustments to rent based on an increase in income are not mandated more often
than once a year.  n60 Under some circumstances, rent raises may be deferred for
eighteen months.  n61 In Nashville, some entrepreneurial public housing
residents have not been subject to rent increases for three years, despite
upward shifts in their incomes.  n62

    [*486]  KCDC, in turn, gives its managers discretion to decide whether to
have an individual report income annually or "specially."  n63 Special reporting
requires individuals with unpredictable incomes to report all changes to that
income within ten days. According to KCDC's Director of Public Housing, public
housing-based entrepreneurs are subject to those special reporting requirements.
n64 That classification is based on the Housing Director's belief that such
reporting policies are required by HUD: "We want to encourage people to do
things like this . . . to help them get on their feet. And we don't like doing
the paperwork either. But these regulations require us to process the paperwork
every ten days . . . . Our local HUD office is strictly by the book, and they
would not waive that requirement for us if we asked them to."  n65

   KCDC seems to have confused the income reporting procedures that HUD requires
with those that are left to the discretion of the local housing authority
administrators. The federal regulations do not provide specific guidelines for
situations in which a resident simply has an increase in income between
redetermination interviews. In such situations, recalculation of rent is left to
the discretion of the local public housing authority.  n66 Meanwhile, requiring
residents to report income between regular redetermination proceedings can
stifle entrepreneurial activity by instilling in residents the fear that any
change in income will translate into lower government benefits, before their
businesses have the opportunity to become economically viable.

C. Bureaucratic Barriers to Business Development in Public Housing

   A final obstacle to entrepreneurial activity in public housing is the
confusing and overlapping array of agency regulations governing business
development. A number of different governmental agencies regulate the  [*487]
creation and operation of home-based businesses. Knoxville's Metropolitan
Planning Commission zones certain areas to prohibit business activity and
closely oversees those areas where such activity is permitted. Knoxville's Codes
Enforcement Office regulates building structures for businesses. The Fire
Marshall and inspectors from the Department of Environment, Health, and Safety
routinely regulate home-based businesses. Finally, a plethora of state agencies
issues permits and licenses to conduct certain business activities.

   Morover, these home-based businesses are often subject to regulation by more
than one agency on the same issue. For example, a child care provider who has
thirty-five feet of outdoor play space is in compliance with local zoning
requirements,  n67 but must provide fifty feet of outdoor play space to comply
with state Department of Human Services regulations.  n68 Furthermore,
individual inspectors within the same department often interpret the identical
set of regulations differently. One inspector may tell a home-based entrepreneur
that she has complied with the codes, while another inspector may tell the same
entrepreneur that she is in noncompliance.  n69 For home-based businesses in
both public and private housing, sifting through these conflicting regulations
and interpretations may be the single greatest barrier to success.

   The experiences of residents who have attempted to establish home-based
businesses illustrate the extent of this problem. Dolly is a single mother of
two children and the owner of a profitable home child care center located in her
private home in a residential neighborhood in Knoxville's inner city.  n70 Dolly
has been providing day care for five children as an unregulated provider  n71
and decides to obtain a state license and expand her service. By watching eight
children, Dolly can generate gross profits of $ 480 per week, which would allow
her to go off of public assistance.  n72

    [*488]  Before she can even qualify for a state permit, Dolly must jump
through a series of state and local administrative hoops and make a number of
physical modifications to her existing business, all at considerable time and
expense. First, Dolly applies to the Metropolitan Planning Commission (MPC) for
a "Use on Review" permit that certifies compliance with Knoxville's zoning
ordinances. As required, she pays a $ 175 application fee, completes a
drawn-to-scale "site plan" for her business, submits to an inspection by MPC
staff, and attends a public hearing within thirty days of application. If the
MPC, as in all likelihood, denies her application,  n73 she will have to appeal
to the city council, which costs another $ 115, and rarely results in a reversal
of MPC's decision.  n74

   Dolly, however, obtains approval from MPC, and applies for the requisite DHS
state license to run a "family day care home." DHS publishes both a handbook and
a thirty page list of regulations with which Dolly must comply in order to
qualify for a license. She is inspected at least twice by a DHS Licensing
Counselor, the local Fire Marshall, and representatives from the state
Department of Environment, Health, and Safety. These agencies recommend changes
to the structure of her home to bring it into compliance with all of their
regulatory schemes. For instance, Dolly's licensing counselor tells her that to
comply with the fire code, she must install an illuminated exit sign over her
doors and build a chain-link fence around her backyard.

   Once she knows what she must do to obtain her license, Dolly hires a licensed
contractor to make the improvements on her home and secure a building permit, as
is required if the anticipated cost of such alterations exceeds $ 100. Dolly
obtains the permit, which costs $ 25,  n75 and hires a contractor who performs
the work at a cost of approximately $ 600.

   Upon completion of the work, city code enforcement officers inspect Dolly's
home. During the inspection, Inspector A questions Dolly regarding the
designated use of her home. Once she informs Inspector A that she plans to run a
state-licensed child care facility, the inspector tells Dolly that she must
bring her home into compliance with other city codes. He then requires her to
install a "wired-in" fire alarm system, install a mop sink in her kitchen, and
construct a wooden handicapped access ramp  [*489]  over the three steps leading
to her front porch. Dolly calls her contractor, who estimates that the costs of
those modifications will total $ 1750.  n76

   Ultimately, Dolly borrows the money, obtains another building permit, and
completes the required improvements. One month later, Inspector B inspects the
finished product. As she walks past the sawdust surrounding Dolly's brand-new
handicapped access ramp, she begins to shake her head and states that Dolly's
improvements are not up to code for a commercial facility. Inspector B refuses
to approve Dolly's home-based child care center, asserting that the ramp needs
to be concrete with a metal railing. Dolly's contractor estimates that the cost
of installing the new ramp will be $ 1200.

   Meanwhile, Dolly's mother, whom Dolly had planned to hire as the second child
care provider, as required for watching eight children under DHS guidelines, has
taken another job. Dolly's neighbors have begun to complain about the
construction for the day care center modifications. One of the children for whom
Dolly currently cares just stepped on a nail, and the child's parents are angry.
Dolly believes the second inspector is being unreasonable and wants to hire a
lawyer, but she cannot find one willing to take her case, since the building
code grants inspectors virtually unlimited discretion. Dolly does not think she
can afford the lawyer anyway, and even if she did win the lawsuit, nothing would
prevent future inspectors from imposing further requirements on her business.
Defeated, Dolly realizes the infeasibility of the project. She decides to
continue watching only five children. She grosses $ 300 per week, from which she
now must make payments on a $ 1200 debt, buy nutritious food for the children,
and pay her family's bills.

   From a legal standpoint, the degree of discretion possessed by those in
authority to regulate or even close down resident-owned businesses is
troublesome. Little case law or regulatory authority exists on this subject
beyond blanket grants of discretion to various field agencies and inspectors.
The result is arbitrary rule-making and possible discrimination, with little if
any effective remedy. Furthermore, well-meaning field managers and staff become
confused as to the level of activity or type of business that should or should
not be allowed. Local officials may also be exposed to more legal liability,
political heat, and neighborhood feuds if they lack a principled way to make
decisions. Addressing these problems must be part of any strategy to encourage
resident business development.  n77

    [*490]  From the standpoint of a social service agency dedicated to
encouraging such activity, KCDC should not only fund, but also participate as an
active partner in promoting resident business development and advocating before
local and state legislative bodies for principled rule-making and functional
definitions of appropriate residential businesses. Because KCDC enjoys
significant political influence in Knoxville, it enjoys the ability to practice
innovative ways of approaching zoning and codes issues. As David Cook of the
city's planning department states, "We're not going to tell KCDC how to manage
its property. Their job is big enough as it is."  n78

   III. Solutions and Recommendations

   When working with and on behalf of low-income microentrepreneurs, several
principles must inform an advocate's strategies for maneuvering around and
eventually overcoming the obstacles that face her clients. First, it is crucial
to remember that the resident-entrepreneur is the primary source of information.
She is more aware of the probable impact of programs or strategies affecting the
poor than her lawyer or advocate. Each client's priorities may be entirely
different from what might otherwise appear to be the best solution.  n79

   Second, in an area of practice that offers low-income entrepreneurs and their
advocates little legal leverage, mere stubbornness alone can produce results.
Combined with detailed examination of the laws or regulations governing business
activity in public housing, such obstinance and resolution revealed loopholes in
the face of disfavorable agency determinations, and in some instances, have
provided clients with the opportunity to engage in specified businesses for
trial periods. Sustained demands for explanations from decision-makers may
reveal a pattern or practice of discrimination or arbitrary and capricious
decision making, which may,  [*491]  in turn, form the cornerstone for a civil
suit against the offending agency. Moreover, in areas of agency discretion,
persistent proffering of viable alternatives can result in creative solutions to
the obstacles that face resident-entrepreneurs.

   Third, practitioners should develop long-term relationships with the
individuals they assist while pursuing strategies that not only help each client
with his or her particularized problem, but benefit the community of clients as
a whole. Inasmuch as low-income entrepreneurs face numerous institutional
barriers to successful business development, it is not enough to secure child
care for a client as a favor from a particular agency official or as a one-time
exception to a rule or regulation. It is important to convince decision makers
that such needs are widespread among low-income people attempting to start up
businesses in their homes and communities.

   The following recommendations attempt to incorporate those principles while
capitalizing on KCDC's considerable discretion to adopt policies and procedures
that benefit home-based businesses. With these strategies in mind, the process
of designing an initiative that both reflects the real-life needs and dreams of
KLAS's clients, and is pragmatic from both a legal and political perspective,
can begin. The only thing to slow KCDC from aggressively pursuing such a program
is its own reluctance to change.

A. Revise KCDC's Occupancy Manual and Lease

   In June 1995, I met with the KCDC Housing Director to discuss possible
strategies for encouraging home-based business development in public housing.
One option was to revise KCDC's occupancy manual and its lease explicitly to
allow home-based business development. Not only would such a revision serve as
an official statement of KCDC's support for entrepreneurial initiative, but it
would save KCDC time and energy by eliminating the need to administer and
approve ad hoc amendments to the rental agreement. When presented with this
recommendation, the Housing Director rejected it because of the administrative
inconvenience involved in revising KCDC's occupancy manual and his belief that
every resident would be required to sign the revised lease. He also
characterized KCDC's recent initiatives in promoting microbusinesses as a "pilot
project" over which he wanted to retain significant and central authority.  n80
A wholesale revision of the lease would undermine that control.

    [*492]  If KCDC is sincere in its recent endeavors to encourage business
development among its residents,  n81 it should publicize that support by
redrafting its lease and occupational manual. KCDC should explore with its field
managers and social services staff the types of businesses it wishes to
encourage or prohibit and draft functional criteria that reflect these concerns.
n82 These standards should enable residents to pursue any occupation that does
not harm the property or detract from the quality of the neighborhood. Finally,
any business that meets those criteria should be presumed proper in public
housing, and thereafter closed only if it subsequently fails to satisfy the
requirements or generates significant valid neighborhood complaints.

   Meanwhile, the current, more politically acceptable ad hoc amendment approach
remains an inefficient and ineffective promoter of business development. If, as
the Housing Director's comments imply, this approach is to continue, the model
lease amendment language must be more thorough in its description of tenant
rights and responsibilities. Like the proposed lease and occupancy manual
revisions, the amendment should explicitly state the functional criteria that
KCDC considers when approving or denying a business, thus placing residents on
notice of the types of business activities that are permissible on KCDC
property. It should offer residents assurances that these activities are not
only permissible but encouraged and supported by KCDC, so long as they are
pursued in a responsible manner. It should standardize procedures for
administering the program, thus impressing upon residents that KCDC will deal
with them in an even-handed manner if and when their applications to conduct
home-based business are approved.

B. Increase Income Exemptions for Benefits Eligibility

   Even if KCDC were to allow widescale business development in its public
housing apartments, the entrepreneur-residents would still confront the
conundrum of income reporting requirements and the resulting threat of losing
their public benefits. KCDC is equipped with three distinct alternatives for
dealing with interstitial changes in residents' incomes while still complying
with HUD's mandates.

    [*493]  First, KCDC can simply amend its occupancy manual to allow residents
who meet certain qualifications as business owners to have their rent frozen
until the next annual redetermination interview. Nothing in the HUD regulations
requires KCDC immediately to raise rent when a tenant starts making money. KCDC
does not need HUD's permission to change its policy regarding how often
residents must report increases in income. Indeed, HUD regulations vest local
PHAs with considerable discretion in drafting occupancy manuals that allow them
to wait until at least the next redetermination interview to raise rents.  n83
KCDC has proposed that residents who register new businesses could have their
rent assessed again after thirty days, then have that rent frozen until their
next redetermination interview. This proposal should work to the benefit of
resident entrepreneurs, who likely will make little if any money during their
first month of operation.  n84

   Freezing residents' rents would simply formalize KCDC's policy with the
actual practice of most development managers with whom I spoke. As one manager
stated, "I don't want to do anything to discourage people from getting on their
feet. If that means looking the other way for a few months while they earn a
little extra money, I'll do it to the extent possible. They can come talk to me
next year."  n85 Moreover, a freeze would encourage resident business start-up,
because residents would know they will have at least eleven months before any
profits from their business are "taxed" through subsequent increases in their
rent.

   Alternatively, KCDC could require monthly income reporting by self-employed
persons, including business owners, until the stream of income stabilizes, then
fix rent at that level. Full reporting would be the easiest option for KCDC to
implement because it can be achieved through internal action. KCDC's Director of
Housing stated that residents could be placed on full reporting under their
current occupancy manual. This would require monthly reports of income until the
residents could reasonably predict their income.  n86

   A monthly reporting scheme may result in unanticipated consequences. It may
actually cause resident rents to go down, for as residents begin their new
enterprises, they likely will make little if any money, and their rent may be
reduced proportionally. In those circumstances, KCDC's special reporting
regulations may well be triggered, requiring residents to report their income
every ten days and creating further disincentives to business development.

    [*494]  As a third alternative, KCDC could request income reporting waivers
from HUD or devise other methods for freezing the rents of resident
entrepreneurs and participants in JOBS.  n87 The JOBS program seeks to alleviate
welfare dependency by requiring targeted groups of AFDC recipients to
participate in work, education, training, or other skills programs in exchange
for guarantees of child care services.  n88 JOBS participants can also have
their rent frozen for up to eighteen months.  n89 Effective advocacy requires
consideration of other types of income and payments which may be excluded when
calculating residents' incomes.

   In Montgomery Village, when clarification regarding the characterization of a
client's business income is necessary for reporting requirements, both the
Regional Director of the Department of Human Services and the JOBS Program
Manager have provided valuable information. For example, during the six-week
training program of the Microloan Program, the Regional Director and the JOBS
Program Manager of Knoxville County Private Industry Council excluded all income
in both AFDC and food stamp calculations. It was even possible to freeze all
public benefit levels for up to two years if the client remains an active
participant in the JOBS program.

   In Knoxville, strategic advocacy resulting in the waiver of entrepreneurs'
incomes from the determination of benefits eligibility has had the greatest
potential for encouraging home-based business development. Progress in this
direction has been achieved through a cooperative agreement between JOBS and
Community Microloan Program to allow self-employed persons enrolled in CMP
access to JOBS benefits and supportive services. Collaboration between these
programs has addressed two major barriers to entrepreneurial activity: (1) a
lack of child care and (2) residents' fear of losing public benefits before
their businesses become financially viable.

    [*495]  As noted earlier, the JOBS program provides AFDC recipients with a
variety of supportive services, transportation assistance, a freeze on public
housing rent levels, and free child care. For the poorest residents of
Montgomery Village, cooperation between JOBS and CMP allows them to start
businesses without the fear of losing benefits while continuing to avail
themselves of the services offered by the JOBS program.

   The extension of such JOBS-like benefits to non-AFDC households could be
accomplished by securing a waiver of rent increases from HUD. KCDC officials
have been reluctant to request such waivers because of their skepticism of HUD's
willingness to grant them. In Knoxville, for example, it is not uncommon for the
Housing Director to assert that KCDC will be unable to get a waiver from HUD,
based on his belief that the local HUD office interprets regulations narrowly
and would strictly limit resident entrepreneurial activities. Yet other public
housing authorities have been successful in getting the HUD waiver. "It was
never even an issue for us whether we would get it," said Courtney Artis,
Resident Initiatives Coordinator of Nashville's PHA. "HUD is supposed to
encourage us to do this."  n90

C. Inter-organizational Alliances

   To create a nurturing environment for fledgling businesses, local public
housing authorities must form alliances with other area organizations. These
organizations, however, must possess certain characteristics to be effective
partners, credibility being the foremost of those qualities. A partnering
institution, association, or corporation can provide essential consulting and
training services to low-income entrepreneurs, assisting them to navigate the
various rules and regulations governing the operation of their businesses. While
such organizations must thus be experienced financial managers and providers of
technical assistance, they must also enjoy a reputation among public housing
residents of being "in touch" with the community and "doing something real."
They must demonstrate a deep empathy and understanding of the real situations
that poor people face.  n91

   KCDC's decision to partner with Inner City Community Development Corporation
and the Community Microloan Program has offered great potential for stimulating
business development in the Knoxville area.  n92  [*496]  The Inner City
Community Development Corporation operates several programs, including
individualized training for potential entrepreneurs and ongoing investigations
of area financial institutions to ensure compliance with the Community
Reinvestment Act.  n93 Inner City's decision last fall to become the
institutional home for Community Microloan Program evinced its willingness to
approach the problems of inner city disinvestment and enduring poverty from a
perspective that pays attention both to individual and sociopolitical causes.

   The Community Microloan Program also provides training and technical
assistance to low-income persons with plans to start or expand small businesses.
It operates by conducting monthly information meetings about the program in
low-income communities in its service area. Following the meeting, "peer groups"
of four to ten potential entrepreneurs request a "Group Coordinator." The Group
Coordinator conducts six orientation sessions covering business management
topics including writing a business plan, cash flow analysis, marketing, working
together as a group, loan applications, and loan obligations. At the end of the
six week period, the group must answer detailed questions about the information
in the orientation session. Upon successful completion of this test, the group
is "certified," which entitles individual group members to apply for small
commercial loans.

   The certified group has authority to approve or deny loan requests.  n94 Upon
receipt of a loan, a borrower must stay current on all payments, or the line of
credit is frozen to all members of the group. This policy, in turn, creates a
strong incentive among the entire group to keep all loans current. The group
continues to meet every two weeks, sometimes with the Group Coordinator present,
to accept payments, disburse loan funds, review new loan applications, and
receive technical assistance from tax experts, accountants, lawyers, marketing
consultants, and any other provider the group deems necessary.  n95

   According to Community Microloan Program Director Teresa O'May,


     The most important function of the group is not just to pass money
     back and forth, but to provide a support system for people starting
     fledgling businesses . . . . Most participants don't say that the
     reason they stay in the program is for the loan money, though that may
     be the reason they first came. Most come for  [*497]  the peer
     support. People actually look forward to meetings as the highlight of
     their week.  n96


   Though the Community Microloan Program has only been fully operational since
January 1995, it has touched a responsive chord in low-income communities.  n97
It has loaned more than $ 54,000 to low-income entrepreneurs, enabling five
people to leave welfare and other residents ultimately to earn enough income to
obtain housing.

   Yet CMP cannot act alone--it needs sustained support from KCDC as well as
Knoxville's community. Like the Nashville Public Housing Authority, KCDC may
demonstrate its commitment to resident businessdevelopment by paying
out-of-pocket to install equipment in resident apartments, advocating before the
zoning and codes authorities in Knoxville to waive more stringent requirements
of space and traffic generation, and providing ongoing training in "life skills"
and marketing to residents.

   Conclusion

   The communities in which city inspectors ignore public housing code
violations because the surrounding neighborhoods are "too far gone," where major
corporations refuse to site grocery stores and gas stations, and where local
pizza delivery drivers refuse to go after dark are the places where families
make homes for themselves. Many residents become embittered by the neglect of
their neighborhoods. Others are able to move beyond feelings of anger and
advance innovative ideas for development and business activity. "If they don't
see the opportunity, I sure do," said Frank, the owner of a pizza delivery
business in an inner-city community long abandoned by other such merchants.
"Poor people eat pizza too. If others won't deliver, I will." Every day I meet
people ready to work, not only to become personally better off, but to improve
the communities in which they live.

   My family's experience in trying to get off public assistance, as well as the
experiences of my neighbors in the low-income community in which I reside, have
taught me that one cause of poverty is the lack of access to tools and
opportunities enjoyed by those with more resources.  [*498]  Another cause is
the vicious cycle that is created when low-income people must leave their
neighborhoods to purchase needed supplies and services; the longer money can be
kept in a neighborhood, the healthier its economy will be. Thus, the generation
and retention of income in low-income neighborhoods should be the goal of a
community economic development lawyer. Business development is one strategy with
which to accomplish that objective.

   Beyond the strictly economic benefits of low-income entrepreneurial
development, such activity can cause a fundamental shift in how social service
providers, advocates, policymakers, and business people, both in and out of the
community, view clients and the neighborhoods in which they live. A successful
home-based business necessarily finds its genesis not only in the business
owner's skills and resources, but in that resident-entrepreneur's hopeful vision
of her neighborhood. Such faith calls into question common assumptions about
low-income communities as comprising areas blighted by crime, violence, lack of
decent housing, and pervasive hopelessness, revealing the communities as areas
of faith, hope, and opportunity.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Contracts LawTypes of ContractsLease AgreementsGeneral OverviewPublic Health &
Welfare LawHousing & Public BuildingsAccessibility, Construction & DesignPublic
Health & Welfare LawHousing & Public BuildingsLow Income Housing

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Interview with Wendy, public housing resident and home child care provider,
in Knoxville, Tenn. (Aug. 10, 1994). The names of the public housing residents
have been changed to protect their privacy.




n2  The Tennessee Department of Human Services (DHS) regulates home child care
providers. In a letter, DHS informed Wendy that she could not operate a day care
facility without the permission of KCDC. Letter from the Tennessee Department of
Human Services to Wendy (June 20, 1994) (on file with author). Later, a DHS
representative stated that, apart from being located in public housing, Wendy's
apartment met all of the requirements for a state registered facility and, with
the addition of a fenced-in backyard, could be state-licensed to care for up to
seven children. Interview with Wendy, supra note 1.




n3  In August 1994, as a law clerk for Knoxville Legal Aid Society, I was
assigned to Wendy's case. At the time, few people in KCDC's administration
believed that Wendy had the initiative to start her own business. Once convinced
that she was serious, however, KCDC not only approved an addendum to Wendy's
lease permitting her to start her child care business, but also agreed to move
her to an apartment with a larger backyard and granted her permission to fence
in that yard to enable her to obtain a DHS state license. Wendy's case prompted
KCDC to begin planning ways for other residents to start home-based businesses,
an effort that continues today.




n4  Interview with Wendy, public housing resident, in Knoxville, Tenn. (Jan. 10,
1995).




n5  Id.




n6  MICHAEL E. PORTER, THE COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE OF THE INNER CITY 3 (Harvard
Business School 1994).




n7  See id.




n8  See id.




n9  Id.




n10  Id.




n11  Id.




n12  See AVIS C. VIDAL, REBUILDING COMMUNITIES: A NATIONAL STUDY OF URBAN
COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATIONS 33 - 38 (1992).




n13  See OFFICE OF RESOURCE DEV., MASS. EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF COMMUNITIES AND
DEV., HOW TO ORGANIZE A COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION: A MANUAL FOR
COMMUNITY ORGANIZATIONS 18 (1980); Robert E. Suggs, Bringing Small Business
Development to Urban Neighborhoods, 30 HARV. C.R. - C.L.L. REV. 468, 489 (1995).




n14  12 U.S.C. § 4701(a)(2) (1994).




n15  Those state-initiated community development efforts that have been
effective have usually been introduced by officials who have personally lived
through the problems faced by their constituents. For example, State
Representative Joe Armstrong of the 15th Legislative District of Tennessee was
raised in the low-income community of East Knoxville. He provides consistent
leadership in the state assembly on such issues as welfare and medicaid reform,
thereby protecting the interests of East Knoxville residents. See Jacquelyn
Brown, Retreat Lets Legislators Focus on the Agenda, KNOXVILLE NEWS-SENTINEL,
Nov. 19, 1995, at B5 (describing Senator Armstrong's attempt to secure economic
development center for Knoxville).




n16  The Community Microloan Program provides technical assistance and small
loans to new businesses located in metropolitan Knoxville.




n17  Commissioner McGuire stated, "A woman on the side of the road selling neck
scarves would not make a change in the economy. People who only need on the
average of $ 5000 to start a business will not make an impact." Commissioner
Mike McGuire, Address at University of Tennessee Issues Forum (Aug. 8, 1995).




n18  Interview with Dr. William Fox, University of Tennessee Center for Business
and Economic Research, in Knoxville, Tenn. (Feb. 8, 1994). Dr. Fox hastened to
add several caveats to this estimate, stating that although individual
industrial projects have been studied for cost-effectiveness, no statewide study
of the amount of money spent per job created has been done to date. For more
information on the impact of state-sponsored incentives on Tennessee's economy,
see Margaret B. Held, Industrial Accountability for Economic Development
Incentives: Considerations for Save Our Cumberland Mountains and Local
Governments in Tennessee (May 1994) (unpublished manuscript, on file with
author).




n19  Telephone Interview with Chris Just, Director of the Mountain Microloan
Fund (Mar. 5, 1996). These businesses, if not responsible for the transformation
of downtown Asheville, have certainly contributed to Asheville's recently
reacquired status as a bustling tourist attraction and cultural center.




n20  Such revitalization is consistent with observable regional and national
trends. See Carol Kleiman, Small Businesses Make a Big Dent in Unemployment,
GREENSBORO NEWS & REC., Apr. 29, 1996, at D1 ("As job openings disappear at the
nation's largest businesses, small businesses are doing more hiring, providing
the energy and creativity to keep the economy going.").




n21  Even small investments in these communities add up. The Community Microloan
Program has loaned $ 54,400 in Knoxville's poorest neighborhoods in 1995. At its
current rate of expansion, it will loan an additional $ 205,000 to entrepreneurs
in 1996. COMMUNITY MICROLOAN PROGRAM, ANNUAL REPORT (1995).




n22  Although local and state officials use money to attract major businesses
and induce businesses to remain in the local market, most scholars and
economists conclude that such strategies are largely ineffective. See, e.g.,
TIMOTHY J. BARTIK, WHO BENEFITS FROM STATE AND LOCAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
POLICIES? (1991); HENRY HERZOG, JR. & ALAN SCHLOTTMANN, INDUSTRY LOCATION AND
PUBLIC POLICY (1991); John P. Balri & Robert Premus, Major Features in
Industrial Location: A Review, 1 ECON. DEV. Q. 72 (1987); William Fox & Matthew
Murray, Local Public Policies and Interregional Business Development, 57 S.
ECON. J. 412 (1990); H. Brinton Milward & Heidi H. Newsome, State Incentive
Packages and the Industrial Location Decision, 3 ECON. DEV. Q. 203 (1989).




n23  From January 10 through August 1, 1995, I kept a journal detailing my
activities and interactions with Montgomery Village's residents.




n24  The scope of this Article is limited to my own perspectives of the
experiences I have had as a young, inexperienced practitioner. Thus, the Article
does not discuss the historical evolution of antipoverty programs or how
governmental and societal perceptions of the problems of the poor have changed
over the years.




n25  42 U.S.C. § 1473u (1994).




n26  Id. § 1437u(d)(2).




n27  Id. § 1437u(c)(2).




n28  Id. § 1437u(d)(1).




n29  24 C.F.R. §§ 963.1, 963.3 (1996).




n30  24 C.F.R. § 964.15 (1996); see also id. § 964.120 (describing requirements
of resident management corporations for recognition by HUD and public housing
authorities).




n31  24 C.F.R. § 964.135 (1996).




n32  TENN. COMP. R. & REGS. ch. 1240-4-1-.01(3)(a) (1992). As another example,
the Department of Human Services regulates the operation of day care centers.
Tennessee law sets forth certain requirements concerning the posting of
emergency phone numbers in the caregiver's home. TENN. COMP. R. & REGS. ch
1240-4-1-.06(f) (1992), and the caregiver's obligation to familiarize herself
with the local emergency management plan, TENN. COMP. R. & REGS. ch.
1240-4-1-.06(i) (1992). All applicable and governing statutes and regulations
are business- and jurisdiction-specific and are beyond the scope of this
Article.




n33  See, e.g., KNOXVILLE, TENN., METROPOLITAN PLANNING COMM'N ZONING ORDINANCES
art. V, § 3(4) (1993) (regulating private day nurseries and kindergartens); id.
§ 12 (regulating home occupations).




n34  KLAS is in the process of documenting enforcement of Knoxville's building
codes and zoning ordinances based on complaints of arbitrary enforcement.




n35  KCDC Dwelling Lease, para. 10(C) (1990).




n36  Id.




n37  One might suspect that sewing is a perfectly acceptable home occupation.
The activity causes little if any change in traffic patterns. Sewing is clean
and quiet, and of course, could generate additional income for the resident and,
accordingly, rent for KCDC. Indeed, KCDC's Public Housing Director confirmed
this suspicion. Telephone Interview with Public Housing Director, KCDC, in
Knoxville, Tenn. (Mar. 9, 1995).




n38  Interview with Corrina, KCDC public housing resident, in Knoxville, Tenn.
(Jan. 19, 1995).




n39  Meeting with Montgomery Village residents, in Knoxville, Tenn. (Jan. 19,
1995). The responses ranged from "They just want to catch me and throw me out"
to "Why would they want to do that for me?"




n40  KCDC Dwelling Lease, para. 15 (1990).




n41  See 24 C.F.R. § 960.380 (1994). KCDC's Director of Public Housing, however,
stated that KCDC has little interest in pursuing a claim for back rent under
these circumstances. "We don't want to interfere with a resident's efforts to
get on her feet . . . . Besides, it would be nearly impossible to get the money
out of her. Frankly, we have other things to worry about." Telephone Interview
with Public Housing Director, KCDC (Mar. 9, 1995).




n42  See Interview with Corrina, supra note 38.




n43  Id.




n44  Interview with Public Housing Director, KCDC, in Knoxville, Tenn. (May 31,
1995).




n45  See, e.g., 42 U.S.C. § 1437u (1994) (Family Self-Sufficiency program); 24
C.F.R. § 963 (1996) (resident-owned businesses); id. § 964 (resident management
companies). These regulations also provide funding for Family Investment Centers
(FIC) which serve as child care facilities, job training programs, and business
incubators. See id. § 964.3. The earnings of and benefits to any public housing
resident resulting from participation in the FIC program is excluded from income
in computing the resident's total annual income for purposes of determining
residential rental payment. Id. § 964.345. Further, residents can receive
on-site supportive services for their businesses. Any resident participating in
a program providing employment training and supportive services in accordance
with the Family Support Act of 1988, 42 U.S.C. § 1437 (1994), including a
participant in a Job Opportunities and Basic Skills Training Program (JOBS), can
have her rent frozen for up to 18 months. See 24 C.F.R. § 913.106 (1996).




n46  Interview with Community Microloan Program Director, in Knoxville, Tenn.
(Jan. 30, 1995).




n47  Margaret Held, Knoxville's Microloan Program: A Small Step to Ending
Poverty in Our Inner City (1994) (unpublished manuscript, on file with author).




n48  Interview with TOPS Coordinator, KCDC, in Knoxville, Tenn. (Feb. 20, 1995).
The TOPS program is designed, among other things, to prepare residents to "to
own and operate resident businesses, to move toward financial independence, and
to enable them to choose where they want to live and engage in meaningful
participation in the management of housing developments in which they live." 24
C.F.R. § 964.7 (1996).




n49  Interview with KCDC's Social Services Director, in Knoxville, Tenn. (Feb.
16, 1995).




n50  KCDC Resident, Remarks at Tenant Council Meeting, in Knoxville, Tenn. (Feb.
5, 1995).




n51  The amendment language that I have used on behalf of my clients provides
that the resident may use the apartment to run a legal business, so long as the
home-based business will not "disturb the resident's neighbors," "alter the
structure of the resident's apartment without prior approval from KCDC," or
"create undue noise, fumes, traffic or any other environmental hazard." KCDC
Dwelling Lease, para. 10(C) (amendment). Field managers are located in each
housing development and are responsible for day-to-day operations.




n52  Interview with Public Housing Director, supra note 44.




n53  Id.




n54  Id.




n55  One client submitted a draft amendment to her field manager, who
subsequently claimed that he had amended the resident's lease. I later
discovered that the field manager had not, in fact, filed an amended lease for
this resident. In some cases, residents and advocates have been unsuccessful in
obtaining copies of the amended leases from field managers, and as a result,
must rely on good faith and the word of KCDC's administration that such
amendments have actually been effected. It appears that under the current
amendment regime, no resident entrepreneur can be sure that she is operating her
business under a properly amended lease.




n56  See supra note 51.




n57  See KCDC Dwelling Lease, para. 15 (1990).




n58  See 24 C.F.R. §§ 913, 962.304 (1996). In the context of interim
examinations, "if the PHA receives information concerning a change in the
Family's income or other circumstances between regularly scheduled
reexaminations, the PHA must consult with the family and make any adjustments
determined to be appropriate." Id. § 960.209 (emphasis added). KCDC has used
that discretion to create a "special" reporting scheme, which requires those
residents with fluctuating incomes to report changes in income every ten days.
Knoxville Community Development Corporation, Admission and Continued Occupancy
Policy for Conventional Public Housing, Leased Housing College Hills and Turnkey
III Homeownership Program 15 (Feb. 1991) [hereinafter Occupancy Policy Manual].




n59  These HUD regulations are promulgated pursuant to of 42 U.S.C. § 1437(d),
which was amended in 1993 to empower the Secretary of HUD to require
redetermination interviews at least annually instead of at least every two
years, as the old version required.




n60  24 C.F.R. § 964.354 (1996).




n61  Id. § 964.354(b)(2).




n62  The HUD regulation governing the annual reexamination of family income
states: "The PHA must reexamine the income and composition of all tenant
families at least once every 12 months and determine whether the family's unit
size is still appropriate . . . . The PHA must make appropriate adjustments in
the Total Tenant Payment and Tenant Rent." 24 C.F.R. § 960.209 (1996). My
reading of the requirement conflicts with that of Total Rededication and
Commitment (TRAC), a local organization that works with resident entrepreneurs
in Nashville's public housing, and which claims to have negotiated a waiver of
resident rent increases for three years. According to TRAC's interpretation,
while HUD requires the reassessment of tenant income at least once a year,
changes in income discerned from such examination will not necessarily result in
the readjustment of rental rates. It is possible that HUD granted such rent
freezes under its general authority to waive its regulations for "good cause."
See 24 C.F.R. § 999.101 (1995).




n63  See Occupancy Manual, supra note 58.




n64  See Telephone Interview with Public Housing Director, supra note 41.




n65  Id. KCDC's Housing Director described the pressure that he feels from HUD
to raise rent: "Every year, we're actually scored on how much we charge. We
always get really low scores, because we don't want to take the little extra
money folks earn now and then by raising their rent." Interview with Public
Housing Director, supra note 44.




n66  See 24 C.F.R. § 960.209 (1996). This understanding of the regulations was
confirmed by a representative of the local HUD office: "To my knowledge, nothing
in the regulations requires [KCDC] to recalculate rent based on any increase in
income, though I would think doing so would be a good idea." Telephone Interview
with Bill Bailey, Spokesperson, Department of Housing and Urban Development, in
Knoxville, Tenn. (Mar. 13, 1995).




n67  KNOXVILLE, TENN., METROPOLITAN PLANNING COMM'N ZONING ORDINANCES art. V, §
3(4)(b) (1993).




n68  TENN. COMP. R. & REGS. ch. 1240-4-1-.08(8) (1992).




n69  For example, one inspector authorized the use of a traditional home fire
alarm in a resident's home-based child care facility while a second inspector
required a much more expensive wired-in smoke and fire detection system. In
another instance, an inspector granted a home-based caregiver "conditional
approval of site for intended use" and a subsequent inspector informed the
resident that she had to have separate bathroom facilities for boys and girls.
Individual building code inspectors have seemingly unlimited discretion in
determining whether the home-based entrepreneur complies with the codes.




n70 " Dolly" is a pseudonym. Her story is a composite account, based on the
experiences of several home-based child care providers interviewed between May
1994 and April 1995.




n71  Child care providers who watch five or fewer children can avoid regulation
by most agencies.




n72  Even at this income level, Dolly runs significant financial risks, since
she will lose her eligibility for TennCare, Tennessee's Medicaid program, yet
will still be unable to afford the approximate $ 400 per month health insurance
bill that a family of three typically pays.




n73  A planning commission staff supervisor estimates that the commission gets
approximately 40 Use on Review requests from home-based businesses per year and
that the agency grants approximately 10-12 applications. Interview with Buzz
Johnson, Director of Development Services, Metropolitan Planning Commission, in
Knoxville, Tenn. (Mar. 3, 1996).




n74  I have yet to encounter any case in which such a planning commission
decision was overturned.




n75  This is the minimum fee; the cost of a building permit is based on the
total cost of the job.




n76  Dissuaded by the cost of upgrading her home, Dolly may consider reading the
codes herself. However, not only are city codes difficult to locate, the
language therein is often esoteric and confusing to a person unaccustomed to
reading and interpreting detailed administrative regulations.




n77  In December 1995, Knoxville's Council of Involved Neighborhoods (COIN) made
four recommendations to the planning commission: (1) that the Use on Review
zoning ordinances be redrafted to state explicitly functional, objective
criteria for granting permits; (2) that the process be redesigned to encourage
neighborhood discussion and cooperation rather than to provide only the
opportunity for neighborhood complaints; (3) that Use on Review permits be
limited not only to the land involved, but to the person applying; and (4) that
the commission examine the feasibility of granting Use on Review permits for a
trial period. Statement of Council of Involved Neighborhoods, Knoxville, Tenn.
(Dec. 12, 1995).




n78  Interview with David Cook, City of Knoxville Community Development
Department, in Knoxville, Tenn. (Mar, 20, 1995). Courtney Artis, Resident
Initiatives Coordinator for Nashville Public Housing Authority, concurs: "Our
city has never seen fit to enforce so strictly its zoning and codes ordinances
that we have had to deny a resident an opportunity to operate a safe business .
. . . They basically rely on our call." Interview with Courtney Artis, Resident
Initiative Coordinator, Nashville Public Housing Authority, in Nashville, Tenn.
(Apr. 21, 1995).




n79  For example, I was surprised to learn that my clients were much more
concerned about preserving their food stamps and receiving quality child care
than they were about losing their AFDC checks. Knowledge of this hierarchy of
concerns helped me choose our battles more discriminately.




n80  As the Housing Director stated, "I don't think there will be overwhelming
demand for this, and we'd want to keep an eye on what's going on out there
anyway." See Interview with Public Housing Director, supra note 44.




n81  See text accompanying note 44.




n82  The Metropolitan Planning Commission has adopted such standards for
development generally. See, e.g., KNOXVILLE, TENN., METROPOLITAN PLANNING COMM'N
ZONING ORDINANCES art. V, § 3(A)(3), (4) (1993) ("Development Standards for Uses
Permitted on Review") (authorizing development that is "compatible with the
character of the neighborhood where it is proposed," so long as it does not
"significantly injure the value of adjacent propertyby noise, lights, fumes,
odors, vibration . . ."). The zoning ordinance further lists generally permitted
and prohibited businesses. KCDC could adopt similar criteria for home-based
entrepreneurial activity.




n83  See 24 C.F.R. § 960.209(b) (1996).




n84  This plan would require KCDC to amend or eliminate its "special" reporting
scheme, which requires residents who request a decrease in rent to report
subsequent income increases every 10 days. See Occupancy Policy Manual, supra
note 58, at 15.




n85  Telephone Interview with Development Manager, KCDC (Feb. 8, 1995).




n86  Interview with Director of Housing, KCDC, in Knoxville, Tenn. (Apr. 13,
1995).




n87  JOBS is a federal program designed to increase the employability of AFDC
recipients. See 42 U.S.C. §§ 681-687 (1994). The Nashville Public Housing
Authority (NPHA), which operates an in-house microloan program for public
housing and federally subsidized housing residents, obtained a waiver from HUD
to freeze the rent of tenants who participate in their program for 18 months.
Courtney Artis, NPHA Resident Initiatives Coordinator, noted that "it takes at
least that long for a resident to start turning a profit in their business.
That's true for any business . . . . With the waiver, we bought our residents a
little extra time, and we saved ourselves a lot of trouble over dealing with
special reporting or redetermination." Interview with Courtney Artis, supra note
78. On May 3, 1996, the Tennessee legislature passed a bill which would allow
low-income entrepreneurs to escrow nonretained earnings from their business
enterprise into an account with a microlending intermediary program. This income
would not be counted against public assistance benefits until the recipient has
accumulated $ 5,000. H.B. 2437, Tenn. 99th Gen. Ass., 2d Sess. (1996) (amending
TENN. CODE ANN. § 71-3).




n88  See 42 U.S.C. § 682(d)(1)(A) (1994).




n89  See 24 C.F.R. § 913.106(c)(13) (1996).




n90  Interview with Courtney Artis, supra note 78.




n91  For further discussion of the traits of effective community organizations
engaging in urban economic development activities in poor neighborhoods,
including public housing developments, see Donald E. Williams, Jr., The
Nonprofit Corporation and Community Development in Bedford-Stuyvesant, 42 WASH.
& LEE L. REV. 1259 (1985); Community Groups as Developers and Providers, 13
CLEARINGHOUSE REV. 867 (1980).




n92  Contract between Knoxville Community Development Corporation and Community
Microloan Program (Apr. 7, 1995).




n93  28 U.S.C. §§ 2901-2907 (1994).




n94  The Program Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Knoxville
Community Investment Corporation actually retain veto authority over loan
applications, but have never exercised that power.




n95  Much of this assistance is offered on a pro bono basis to income-eligible
clients of Knoxville Legal Aid Society.




n96  Interview with Community Microloan Program Director, in Knoxville, Tenn.
(Apr. 4, 1995).




n97  Already, CMP boasts peer group members in more than four KCDC housing
developments and requests for information meetings in three other developments.
CMP is not alone in its success in working with public housing residents.
Programs operated both in-house and through agencies similar to CMP have enjoyed
much positive attention in the media. See, e.g., Drew Bailey, CHA Program Taps
Entrepreneurial Spirit, CHI. TRIB., Feb. 1, 1993, at 3; Merle English, Program
Invests in Housing, People; HA trains its residents to be contractors, NEWSDAY,
Oct. 28, 1993, at 39; Judith Evans, Entrepreneurs Get a Jump Start, NEWSDAY,
Sept. 4, 1994, at A88.


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Copyright (c) 2011 Human Rights Brief
                               Human Rights Brief

                                  Winter, 2011

                               Human Rights Brief

                              18 Hum. Rts. Br. 60

LENGTH: 3623 words

A LEGAL RESOURCE FOR THE INTERNATIONAL HUMAN RIGHTS COMMUNITY: COLUMN: UPDATES
FROM INTER-GOVERNMENTAL AND NON-GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The World Bank is a significant partner in the drive to preserve
biodiversity and has undertaken the task of helping countries implement measures
to protect their biodiversity by acting as an enforcement mechanism to encourage
compliance with the Convention on Biodiversity (CBD).  ... Although there is no
explicit international right to be free from poverty, poverty significantly
hinders the enjoyment of recognized human rights found in international
instruments such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (right to dignity
and shelter), the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
(right to food), and the Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination Against
Women (right to water).  ... The microfinance industry has expanded through
not-for-profit NGOs as well as for-profit banks.  ... The Basel Committee paper
and the CGAP compilation of regulations may be able to provide assistance to the
Indian parliament on how to better regulate the microlending industry and meet
the government's human rights obligations through more effective laws.  ... In
2004, the UN was faced with a serious challenge in Darfur, where an
uncooperative government was accused of being complacent in systematic crimes
against humanity.  ... Cote d'Ivoire is not a signatory to the Convention, and
thus WGEID is the only available mechanism for the victims of at least 24
reported cases of politically motivated disappearances, which have allegedly
occurred since the disputed November 28, 2010 presidential elections in Cote
d'Ivoire.  ... In the alternative, WGEID could recommend that the Community
Court of Justice of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS),
granted power in 2007 to review violations of human rights in all member states,
take action.

TEXT:
 [*60]  THE WORLD BANK APPRAISES THE VALUE OF BIODIVERSITY

   Biodiversity is the variety of life on earth, encompassing plants, animals,
their surrounding environments, and the interdependent nature of all organisms.
In recognition of the importance of biodiversity, the UN declared 2010 to be the
International Year of Biodiversity. To celebrate, the UN promoted greater
awareness of the importance of biodiversity to humanity's continued existence.
The World Bank is a significant partner in the drive to preserve biodiversity
and has undertaken the task of helping countries implement measures to protect
their biodiversity by acting as an enforcement mechanism to encourage compliance
with the Convention on Biodiversity (CBD).

   The CBD entered into force on December 29, 1993 and has been signed by 193
states. It was inspired by a growing global commitment to sustainability and
represents "a dramatic step forward in the conservation of biological diversity,
the sustainable use of its components, and the fair and equitable sharing of
benefits arising from the use of genetic resources." The CBD links the
protection of biodiversity to human rights because understanding biodiversity
can lead to future improvements in quality of life, providing better, more
affordable healthcare, and sustainable food growing measures. The CBD
acknowledges that substantial investments are required to "address the loss of
biological diversity" and asserts that such investments will bring significant
environmental, social, and economic benefits. The World Bank, recognizing the
importance of this Convention, has committed to facilitating state compliance by
creating an innovative enforcement mechanism.

   A direct enforcement mechanism to ensure compliance with the CBD was not
envisaged by the drafters. Instead, the CBD relies on states to adopt or change
their own domestic legislation. Article 27 of the CBD includes a tiered dispute
resolution process with a clause permitting the International Court of Justice
to claim jurisdiction over violations of the Convention through an optional
referral process. Article 14(2) requires the Conference of Parties (COP), a
committee created by the CBD as an investigative review body, to examine "the
issue of liability and redress, including restoration and compensation, for
damage to biological diversity." Because a commission or other regulating body
does not enforce the CBD, the COP has only been authorized to engage in
information gathering. This enforcement gap has opened the door for
non-governmental and inter-governmental organizations to help create alternative
and innovative solutions to ensure compliance.

   World Bank investments have helped to initiate state protection of the
world's biodiversity. However, direct monetary support has not come with
concrete incentives and has proven insufficient. This deficiency has not gone
unnoticed by the heads of the World Bank. Speaking at the opening in of the
Tenth Conference of the Parties of the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP
10) in October 2010, World Bank Group President, Robert B. Zoellick said that
the Bank would increase support for the conservation of the world's natural
resources, noting that protecting ecosystems and biodiversity were central to
overcoming poverty. The World Bank also announced a pilot program to increase
involvement in protecting biodiversity by "turn[ing] nature into numbers"
through a study on how the ecosystem affects state economies. Ten countries will
take part in the project, which aims to give finance ministers a more complete
"picture of what their countries' assets are worth." By linking the economic
value of the state to protection of its biodiversity, the World Bank is
encouraging state leaders to invest in environmental measures. World Bank
development program benefits are directly linked to the total net worth of a
state's economy. Adding the value of a state's biodiversity to the state's net
worth increases the benefits eligibility of that state, providing a monetary
incentive to meet CBD obligations.

   By offering economic incentives for their compliance, the World Bank plays an
instrumental role in encouraging states to comply with their CBD obligations.
The World Bank pilot program may even establish a system of enforceable, de
facto sanctions on states that do not protect their biodiversity by lowering the
economic net worth of such states, reducing their development funds. Offering
economic incentives serves as a way to encourage compliance with the CBD and
strengthen the global commitment to the preservation of biodiversity.

MICROFINANCE REGULATION AS A WAY TO PROTECT POVERTY ALLEVIATION

   Microlending has become popular as a way to alleviate poverty through
economic empowerment. Although there is no explicit international right to be
free from poverty, poverty significantly hinders the enjoyment of recognized
human rights found in international instruments such as the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights (right to dignity and shelter), the International
Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (right to food), and the
Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women (right to water).
Yet, these provisions do not provide solutions to the problem of poverty and the
protection of these human rights. Microfinance has emerged as one possible
solution, and, under the right circumstances, can help raise whole families out
of poverty.

   Microloans are generally available without collateral, making credit
available to people too poor to secure traditional bank loans; the additional
risk is offset by higher interest rates or social guarantees provided through a
group lending model. The Grameen Bank is one microfinance NGO that relies on
solidarity lending whereby small groups borrow collectively and group members
encourage one another to pay back their loans. Mohammed Yunus, Grameen's
founder, earned the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 for his development model, which
assists "5 percent of Grameen borrowers [to] get out of poverty every year." The
solidarity-lending model creates accountability for repayment and is now
utilized by other microfinance NGOs such as Self-Employed Women's Association of
India (SEWA) and ACCION International.

   The microfinance industry has expanded through not-for-profit NGOs as well as
for-profit banks. With this popularity and growth, the microfinance industry has
begun to receive criticism for high interest rates and irresponsible lending due
to an overabundance of credit and competition between micro-lenders. Inadequate
regulation of the microfinance industry has allowed microloans to, at times,
become debilitating burdens because of a range of abuses and excesses, including
over-indebtedness, repayment problems where borrowers suddenly have access to
multiple lenders, abusive repayment recovery methods,  [*61]  and to a lesser
extent, exorbitant interest rates. A confluence of events has led to a situation
where microloans push borrowers who are already poverty stricken into more
severe debt and prove to be an obstacle to realizing their human rights.

   A growing number of countries are enacting legislation to protect the poor,
and international organizations are providing guidance on how to facilitate
better microlending. Approaches include introducing a legal framework for
microfinance institutions, such as the newly enacted Russian Federal Law No.
151-FZ, or amending banking regulations to take into account the increase in
microlending, as Kenya has recently done. These laws help keep track of
legitimate microlending organizations and allow the state to hold these
organizations accountable. National regulations are compiled by the Consultative
Group to Assist the Poor (CGAP), an independent policy and research center
housed at the World Bank. This compilation demonstrates the trend toward passing
microlending regulations and provides examples of national regulation methods.
CGAP has promulgated the first potential framework for the regulation of
microfinance, the non-binding Consensus Guidelines: Guiding Principles on
Regulation and Supervision of Microfinance. These guidelines serve as a standard
setting tool for those concerned with the microfinance industry.

   The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision sets international standards to
monitor the practices of international banking; however, there are no
internationally recognized standards for microlending. In February 2010, the
Basel Committee issued a paper, Microfinance Activities and the Core Principles
for Effective Banking Supervision, which contains supervisory guidance for the
application of the Basel Core Principles for Effective Banking Supervision to
microfinance activities. This proposal is still in its initial stages and the
likelihood of international adoption is still unclear. However, standards
promulgated by the Basel Committee usually have high rates of compliance and
widespread integration into domestic practice. These principles are proposed
prudential regulation guidelines aimed at the soundness of the microfinance
industry and the financial system as a whole. The recent involvement of the
Basel Committee demonstrates the level of international prominence microfinance
has reached.

   The poverty-stricken in India are among the most high-profile microloan
recipients. This recognition is well deserved, as Indian banks devote
approximately U.S. $ 4 billion to the microlending industry. Following scandals
in late 2010, Indian politicians are accusing the industry of profiting off the
poor; these politicians have begun encouraging microloan borrowers to stop
repaying their loans. India has a progressive constitution that allows for the
recognition of individual and collective rights, including those guaranteed by
international human rights instruments to which India is a signatory. India has
signed and ratified international instruments that assert the right to food,
water, shelter, work, and human dignity. Microfinance, if properly regulated,
can help achieve access to these human rights. The Basel Committee paper and the
CGAP compilation of regulations may be able to provide assistance to the Indian
parliament on how to better regulate the microlending industry and meet the
government's human rights obligations through more effective laws.

   As proven by the success of the Grameen Bank, microloans can help reduce
poverty and thereby promote realization of fundamental human rights. However, as
with any new industry, there are twin dangers of both ignoring growing problems
and over-reacting to the recent abuses. In order to avoid losing the benefits of
microlending, national legislators should use international standards and
comparative state practice to create more effective regulations.

Sikina S. Hasham, a L.L.M. candidate at the American University Washington
College of Law, writes the Inter-Governmental and Non-Governmental Organizations
Column for the Human Rights Brief.

ACCOUNTABILITY IN BURMA: MOVEMENT TOWARDS A UN COMMISSION OF INQUIRY

   In March 2010, the UN Special Rapporteur on human rights in Burma, Tomas
Quintana, urged the UN "to establish a commission of inquiry with a specific
fact finding mandate to address the question of international crimes" in Burma.
This suggestion came in response to allegations by Burmese activists and
nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), such as Human Rights Watch, that Burmese
government actors have committed crimes against humanity and war crimes. The
United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, and Australia, among other nations,
have voiced support for Rapporteur Quintana's proposal to investigate charges
including murder, torture, rape, warrantless detention, widespread forced
relocations, and forced labor. In light of the Burmese government's failure to
act upon these allegations, accountability will likely be achieved only through
cooperation from the international community.

   The United Nations can establish a commission of inquiry to investigate
crimes against humanity through a resolution from the Human Rights Council
(HRC). the General Assembly (GA), or the Security Council (SC). Alternatively,
the Secretary-General can establish a commission, which is not without
precedent. In 2004, the UN was faced with a serious challenge in Darfur, where
an uncooperative government was accused of being complacent in systematic crimes
against humanity. The SC passed Resolution 1564, establishing the International
Commission of Inquiry on Darfur (Darfur Commission). The Darfur Commission's
mandate was to "[immediately] investigate reports of violations of International
humanitarian law and human rights law in Darfur by all parties, . . . and to
identify the perpetrators of such violations with a view to ensuring that those
responsible are held accountable." The largely successful investigation methods
of the Darfur Commission may offer a model from which a Burmese commission could
learn.

   The Darfur Commission's fact-finding delegation conducted visits to Sudan to
interview members of the national government, provincial and local leaders,
members of the armed forces, IDPs, victims and witnesses of violations, NGOs,
and UN representatives. Because it gathered testimony representative of many
viewpoints in the conflict, the international community regarded the Darfur
Commission as credible and impartial. Once the investigation was complete, the
Darfur Commission recommended, based on its findings, that the SC refer the
matter to the ICC. Even though allegations of abuses in Darfur were often denied
or downplayed by the Sudanese Government, the Darfur Commission was able to
convey to the world the extent of the atrocities being committed in an impartial
and trusted manner.

   For over twenty years, the UN has passed various resolutions urging the
Burmese government to respect human rights. A commission of inquiry would
provide credible answers to allegations that crimes against humanity and war
crimes have been perpetrated, and would help establish accountability for the
acts. If the commission were to find that these allegations were true, it would
have two principle options. It could follow  [*62]  the example of the Darfur
Commission and recommend that the SC refer the matter to the ICC, although it is
unlikely that the SC would follow this suggestion. For a SC referral, nine of
the fifteen countries on the SC must vote yes and there can be no veto from the
five permanent members of the SC. China has actively opposed past resolutions
against Burma, and would likely oppose ICC involvement. Because of the
difficulties inherent in passing an ICC referral through the SC, a commission of
inquiry would likely seek another means of accountability.

   Confronted with the difficulties in convincing the SC to refer the Burmese
government to the ICC, the commission could instead recommend that the SC
establish a compensation commission to bring redress to victims. This commission
would be established under the terms of the GA's Declaration of Basic Principles
of Justice for Victims of Crime and Abuse of Power (GA's Declaration), and would
preside over compensation claims made by victims of the crimes found by the
initial commission of inquiry. Because of the broad definition of victim under
the GA's Declaration, anyone harmed physically, mentally, emotionally, or
economically by way of human rights violations could seek compensation.
Compensation could include medical and psychological rehabilitation, access to
legal and social services, or forms of widespread remedy such as an official
public apology or guarantees of non-repetition.

   Were a UN commission of inquiry to find that crimes against humanity had
indeed occurred, it would be a powerful statement to the SC that the Burmese
government must be held responsible. A credible investigation based on objective
evidence would be difficult for the international community to ignore. Referring
the perpetrators to the ICC, or creating a compensation commission, would be one
of the first steps in bringing justice to victims and ensuring accountability

TESTING THE EFFICACY OF THE WORKING GROUP ON ENFORCED AND INVOLUNTARY
DISAPPEARANCES IN COTE D'IVOIRE

   Established on February 29, 1980, the United Nations Working Group on
Enforced and Involuntary Disappearances (WGEID) was the first UN mechanism
designed to respond to a particular human rights issue. WGEID was not intended
to be a permanent solution to the problem of enforced and involuntary
disappearances, and accordingly the original mandate only tasked the Working
Group with collecting information and making recommendations to the UN
Commission on Human Rights. Today, WGEID examines reports of enforced
disappearances received from human rights groups and family members of the
disappeared. Despite its expanded role, however, it is still not authorized to
directly investigate individual cases, protect petitioners against reprisals,
establish responsibility, judge, sanction, exhume remains, grant reparations, or
deal with cases involving non-government actors.

   In essence, WGEID's role is that of a mediator with no adjudicatory or
enforcement powers. It facilitates communication between families and government
actors, and issues urgent communications asking governments to locate and
protect disappeared persons. WGEID does not require exhaustion of all domestic
legal remedies, but cases must be submitted by relatives of the disappeared
rather than by an NGO or another third party. It may also refer matters to the
UN General Assembly through the Secretary-General upon receipt of well-founded
information of widespread or systematic state-sponsored enforced disappearances.
However, if the government fails to respond, or if the General Assembly and
Secretary-General take no action, the Working Group has virtually no power to
proceed further. Thus, while the WGEID has handled a total of 53,252 cases in
over eighty countries since its creation, it has only clarified, closed, or
discontinued 10,362 of them.

   The International Convention for the Protection of all Persons from Enforced
Disappearances, which entered into force in December 2010, overcomes some of the
WGEID's shortcomings. Its 23 States Parties undertake binding legal obligations
and are subject to review by a committee authorized by the Convention. Yet, for
the vast majority of states that have not yet ratified the Convention, WGEID
remains the sole UN organ with specific authority to deal with enforced
disappearances.

   The recent Cote d'Ivoire case illustrates the persistent weaknesses of this
system. Cote d'Ivoire is not a signatory to the Convention, and thus WGEID is
the only available mechanism for the victims of at least 24 reported cases of
politically motivated disappearances, which have allegedly occurred since the
disputed November 28, 2010 presidential elections in Cote d'Ivoire. After
investigating the sudden and numerous disappearances in Cote d'Ivoire occurring
in the wake of the ongoing political crisis, WGEID suggested that these
disappearances are systematic and calculated moves by forces loyal to President
Laurent Gbagbo against supporters of the internationally-recognized winner of
the election, Alassane Outtara. Yet, because the WGEID operates primarily as a
fact-finding boady, it cannot give legal effect to its conclusion that the
Ivorian government is responsible for human rights violations, nor compel the
government to cease or prevent such abuses.

   WGEID has two viable options in the Cote d'Ivoire situation: (1) it could
bring the matter to the attention to the General Assembly for referral to the
Security Council; or (2) it could make a recommendation to a competent regional
or domestic court system. If the General Assembly referred the matter, the
Security Council could increase troop presence in the ongoing UN peacekeeping
mission in Cote d'Ivoire or establish a negotiation team to facilitate a
peaceful resolution. In the alternative, WGEID could recommend that the
Community Court of Justice of the Economic Community of West African States
(ECOWAS), granted power in 2007 to review violations of human rights in all
member states, take action. While the African Charter on Human and Peoples'
Rights does not specifically mention enforced disappearances, such actions would
likely violate the rights to life and integrity of the person (Article 4), human
dignity (Article 5), and liberty and security of the person (Article 6).
Unfortunately, this regional court has, until recently, been plagued by access
problems and relatively few human rights cases have been successful. For those
states which are not party to the International Convention for the Protection of
All Persons from Enforced Disappearances, WGEID functions as a starting point
for families to get answers and raise awareness of the situation of their
relatives. However, WGEID's limited mandate forces it to maintain a balance
between its position as an advocate for families of the disappeared and
effective communication with the governments perpetrating the disappearances.
The entry into force of the new International Convention makes it unlikely that
WGEID's mandate will be strengthened. Therefore, for WGEID to be effective, the
Security Council and regional tribunals must act upon its recommendations, or
else countries will continue to defy requests by WGEID and families will
continue to go without answers.

   Thomas Avery, a J.D. Candidate at the American University Washington College
of Law, covers the Inter-Governmental and Non-Governmental Organizations for the
Human Rights Brief.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Criminal Law & ProcedureJury InstructionsRequests to ChargeGovernmentsNative
AmericansWater RightsInternational LawSovereign States & IndividualsHuman
RightsTorture


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 2014 San Joaquin College of Law
                      San Joaquin Agricultural Law Review

                                  2014 / 2015

                      San Joaquin Agricultural Law Review

                           24 S.J. Agric. L. Rev. 183

LENGTH: 10705 words

COMMENT: GOOD INTENTIONS FALL SHORT: WHY THE SOUTHEAST ASIAN COMMUNITY IS
PRECLUDED FROM OBTAINING FARM LOANS

NAME: MAO LEE  n230

TEXT:
 [*183]  I. INTRODUCTION

   It is increasingly common to see the words "pot growers" and "Southeast
Asians" linked in the news today.  n1 The cultivation of marijuana has become
prevalent among Southeast Asian farmers in California.  n2 There has been an
increase in illegal marijuana farms across the San Joaquin Valley of California
("Central Valley") because of the changes in medical marijuana laws and the
desperation of Southeast Asian farmers who have had a difficult time adapting
their skills to the area.  n3 This surge in illegal marijuana cultivation has
diminished the Central Valley's agricultural reputation.  n4

   The majority of Southeast Asian farmers are refugees who are uneducated and
speak little to no English, negatively impacting their ability earn a living.
n5 While a high percentage of Southeast Asians rely on government assistance,
n6 some are farmers operating small family  [*184]  farms which cultivate su
choy, ong choy, basil, cucumber, squash, and a variety of eggplants to sell at
farmers markets.  n7

   The operation of small family farms has reduced poverty for some members of
this community; however, the profits from selling produce often do not cover the
cost of the farm leases or living expenses.  n8 Additionally, when some
Southeast Asian farmers begin to make a meager profit, their farmlands are sold
to developers to build residential communities.  n9 At that point, they are left
with the challenge of searching for a new plot of land to farm and adjusting to
the new soil and climate, depending on the region to which they relocate.  n10
Most of these small family farmers are dually employed, performing other types
of work during the day and tending to their farms in the evening to support
their farming business.  n11 Even with both sources of income, the money earned
is insufficient to make ends meet.  n12 Despite the struggles that Southeast
Asian farmers have faced, they have contributed to the Central Valley's economy
by introducing specialty crops into the market.  n13 Such crops include ong
choy, bok choy, and Chinese eggplant, and have been the main source of produce
for the Central Valley's Southeast Asian communities.  n14

   A shift occurred, however, with the legalization of medical marijuana.  n15
Since qualified patients of medical marijuana are  [*185]  permitted to
cultivate a certain amount of marijuana plants on their own land,  n16 Southeast
Asian farmers took advantage of this opportunity;  n17 they turned to
cultivating marijuana plants as cash crops.  n18 For Southeast Asian refugees
living in poverty and dependent upon government assistance, a marijuana farm
among legitimate fruits and vegetables is a feasible method to make quick money
and climb the economic ladder.  n19 As a result, a large amount of marijuana
plants are hidden among the rows of cherry tomatoes, Chinese bitter melon, su
choy, kohlrabi, daikon, and Thai chili, to be sold as an illegal cash crop, and
not for medicinal purposes.  n20

   Cities and counties have noticed an increase in marijuana grown on
agricultural land, as well as an increase in armed robberies and violence near
these sites.  n21 The danger involved in cultivating marijuana led federal and
local law enforcement agencies to implement Operation Mercury in March of 2012,
in order to eradicate marijuana farms in the Central Valley.  n22 From the time
that Operation Mercury was first implemented up until January 2014, there have
been approximately a half-million marijuana plants confiscated, yet only
eighty-four criminal defendants were federally prosecuted in Fresno County.  n23
A number of people caught during this operation have been released without
prosecution and with no explanation.  n24

    [*186]  Preventative measures, such as granting agricultural subsidies to
Southeast Asian farmers, need to be employed as a method to halt this trend of
illegal marijuana cultivation. Southeast Asian farmers are beneficial to the
community and contribute to the economy by bringing a bountiful variety of
plants into the Central Valley.  n25 There are currently government programs
that aid other groups of disadvantaged people.  n26 Some of these programs, such
as those which create federal farm subsidies, should be amended to include
Southeast Asian farmers to deter illegal marijuana grows. The federal government
has implemented farm subsidies that are geared toward helping minority farmers,
but most subsidies have not reached the Southeast Asian farmers in the Central
Valley.  n27 For example, in 2012, the United States Department of Agriculture
("USDA") census showed that the majority of farmers who received farm subsidies
to buy or operate farmlands are from states in the Appalachian Mountains region.
n28 Since the inception of these farm subsidies, Southeast Asian farmers, as
well as a vast number of the general public, have been unaware of the subsidies'
existence.  n29

   This Comment will show that agricultural subsidy laws need to be revised to
provide much-needed assistance to Southeast Asian farmers. Modification of these
laws would support the self-sufficient farm operations of Southeast Asians,
while enhancing their economic standing and reducing their dependency on welfare
and marijuana cultivation. Part II of this Comment will explore the history of
the Southeast Asians' journey to the United States and the problems they faced
farming on American soil. Part III will discuss the current  [*187]  federal
farm subsidy programs. Part IV will analyze the obstacles for Southeast Asians
when attempting to attain the benefits of farm subsidies. Part V will advocate
for changes to the Agricultural Act of 2014 in order to provide Southeast Asians
an opportunity to obtain farm subsidies and ultimately deter them from resorting
to marijuana cultivation and government assistance.

   II. FLEEING WAR AND FACING NEW CHALLENGES

A. Contributions Not Forgotten: the Vietnam War Created Large- Scale Immigration
from Southeast Asia

   Most Southeast Asian refugees that fled to the United States are either of
Cambodian, Laotian, or Vietnamese descent.  n30 They came to the United States
around 1975, fleeing from war-torn countries after the Vietnam War.  n31 The
Central Intelligence Agency had requested the help of Laos and Cambodia to
prevent the fall of those countries to communist rule; however, this was kept
secret from the American public because the Vietnam War faced a wealth of
criticism.  n32 The Hmong lived in Laos and were recruited as soldiers to fight
alongside American forces, gather information, and assist American pilots whose
[*188]  planes had been shot down.  n33 After the fall of Saigon in South
Vietnam, the Southeast Asians who assisted the Americans in the fight against
North Vietnam fled the country for fear of persecution.  n34 The South
Vietnamese citizens who remained behind soon learned that the new communist
government required its citizens to provide cheap labor and spy on each other;
as a result, many decided to leave their homeland.  n35

   During the mid-1970's, Southeast Asians immigrated to the United States
either as refugees or children of refugees, sponsored by American families.  n36
Those who arrived in America sought shelter and were granted asylum.  n37
Southeast Asian refugees arrived and lived in different states throughout the
country.  n38 Many immigrated to California, Texas, and Minnesota, which are now
the primary states for Southeast Asian refugee populations.  n39 Soon,
California became the state with the largest population of Southeast Asian
farmers who immigrated to America with their agrarian roots and skills.  n40

    [*189]  B. Southeast Asia Farming Style: What They Have Always Known and
Done

   Before arriving in the United States, Southeast Asians farmed for survival,
and on a small-scale, in Laos, Cambodia, and Vietnam.  n41 Farmers in Southeast
Asia owned the land they farmed communally or tribally with other farmers.  n42
For example, the small Hmong villages located on the mountainsides of Laos have
headmen who make decisions impacting their entire communities.  n43 Each
headman, along with one man from every family, will typically travel between
fifteen and thirty miles from the village to seek out fertile hillsides to clear
and farm.  n44 Many of these farmers do not have to pay for the land that they
farm.  n45 It is only required that they pay a small tax to the government,
which usually consists of payments in rice or a small amount of money.  n46

   The climate, periodic fall of volcanic ash, and heavy rainfall make the soil
in the Southeast Asian countries moist and ideal for farming.  n47 Due to the
limited availability of agricultural technology for assistance, these farmers
used the natural resources available to them when planning where, when, how, and
what to plant.  n48

   In Southeast Asia, farmers utilize inter-planting, a technique which involves
planting a variety of crops in the same field.  n49 They also incorporate shift
cultivation, a method that seasonally alternates between planting crops and
leaving fields fallow.  n50 Southeast Asian  [*190]  countries do not have
readily available agricultural chemicals so farmers there begin by cutting down
and burning a section of the forest, using the ash as fertilizer for the soil.
n51 A field may be used for a limited number of years and abandoned when there
is "excessive soil acidity, a decline in soil fertility or invasion by weeds,
insects, or other pests."  n52

   In these developing countries, farmers generally lack the modern machinery
used to cut down trees or to clear the space for farming;  n53 therefore, the
tools available to clear, cut, harvest, and prepare the land are very simple.
n54 Farmers use a "dibble stick to punch holes into the soil before dropping in
the seeds," and an ax, spear head, hoe, scythe, and knife to clear the area to
grow Brussels sprout, bitter gourd, bird pepper, cabbage, kale, bean sprouts,
watercress, and eggplant.  n55 This lack of technology increases the amount of
manual labor required, forcing farmers to rely on a technique called labor
exchange, or reciprocity, where the men and women in the village help one family
clear a spot for farming and then aid the next family, or exchange a portion of
their crops, for the help of others.  n56 Unfortunately, the methods
successfully employed by these farmers in their native lands for centuries have
not translated well to farming in America.  n57

C. The Challenge of Transferring Southeast Asia Farming Style to America

   For most of their lives, Southeast Asian refugees have lived as farmers in
rural areas.  n58 For many, farming is the only skill they have that can be made
useful in a "modern capitalistic society."  n59 In the  [*191]  early 1980's, an
influx of Southeast Asian refugees came to the Central Valley.  n60 Some settled
on small parcels of land and attempted farming in the Central Valley clay soil.
n61

   Southeast Asian farmers had never farmed in this type of soil and encountered
great difficulties growing fruits and vegetables here.  n62 Their home country
was lush, the soil was rich, and planting was done very differently.  n63 In
America, Southeast Asian farmers did not have access to the quality of land they
were accustomed to working in Southeast Asia.  n64 Upon arriving, they
discovered the need to implement irrigation drip systems, use plastic row
covers, or practice fumigation.  n65 Additionally, the land and government in
America brought a complexity of marketing systems and regulatory restrictions
that had to be strictly adhered to, such as safety and sanitary protocols,
mandatory training, and the procurement of farm insurance.  n66 Now operating
under the jurisdiction of the Food and Drug Administration, Southeast Asian
farmers had to expand their close-knit communitybased farming operations to
include collaboration with farm advisors that could help ensure that their
produce complied with federal standards.  n67 Meeting such standards involved
mastering pest control  [*192]  techniques and fertilizer applications, which
were previously foreign to them in their native countries.  n68 Farm advisors
implemented programs, like the "'Master Farmer' program, that consisted of
workshops, tours of successful farms, and lectures from university experts."
n69 The trainings involved educating Southeast Asian farmers about food
contamination, pest management, personal hygiene, farming techniques, and
marketing strategies, in an effort to encourage farms to thrive.  n70

   In addition to learning these foreign farming techniques, there were language
and cultural barriers.  n71 Many of these small-scale farmers required the
assistance of translators to understand rules and regulations.  n72 Patti Hang,
manager of Vang C. Thao Farms, a Hmong family-run farming operation, stated that
the company's founder depended on his children when he first started farming
because, as a first generation immigrant lacking the benefit of a formal
education, he did not understand the legal intricacies of farming in the United
States.  n73 The challenges of farm management caused him to delegate to his
children the duties of farm management and marketing while he focused on farm
labor.  n74 Additionally, they encountered the struggle of having to pass
English tests in order to obtain the licenses necessary to purchase and use many
pesticides essential to successful farming.  n75

   Most Southeast Asian farmers have to work a second job during the day and
farm at night in order to pay for their leases, farm machine rentals, seeds,
fertilizers, pesticides, utility bills, insurance, and other farm supplies.  n76
Many cannot afford to hire farm hands; instead, farming is a multi-generational
effort involving grandparents, parents, Nov. 26, 2014) (setting up food safety
workshops to teach farmers about compliance with Food and Drug Administration
regulations).  [*193]  children, grandchildren, and other relatives.  n77
Moreover, they do not own sophisticated farming equipment, nor do they have the
financial capability to employ farm laborers; therefore, it is paramount that
the farm operation involve the entire family.  n78 In the United States, the
customary farming techniques of Southeast Asians, such as labor exchange or
reciprocity without pay, cannot be utilized, as they are illegal.  n79 Without
them, the Southeast Asian farmer is placed at an even greater disadvantage.  n80

D. Southeast Asian Farmers' Contributions to American Economy

   Despite the inability to obtain funds for farm equipment, land, and farm
laborers, Southeast Asian farmers utilized available help and education to adapt
to the clay soil and integrate the use of some agricultural chemicals.  n81 In
turn, they produced an abundant variety of vegetables from their homeland and
introduced them to farmers' markets across California.  n82 They harvested
eggplants, oriental herbs, lemon grass, mokua, opo, bitter lemon, bok choy, and
many other types of herbs and vegetables.  n83 In addition to oriental
vegetables and herbs, Southeast Asian farmers recognized that there was a high
demand for strawberries.  n84 As a result, numerous Southeast Asian farmers have
successful strawberry farms, despite the fact that strawberry is not a fruit
that is farmed in Southeast Asian countries.  n85  [*194]  These farmers
contributed to the diversity of California's crops by creating a variety of food
for California's multi-cultural population and ensuring food security for
economically disadvantaged communities.  n86 The total acreage of oriental
vegetables doubled over a ten-year period with production of more than 12,600
tons of crops harvested at a value of $ 9,600,000.  n87 Southeast Asian farmers
have also "improve[d] the local economy by purchasing fertilizers, seeds,
plastic, pesticides, backpack sprayers, tractors, rototillers, drip irrigation
lines, shovels, hoes, fittings, and other farm equipment."  n88 If Southeast
Asian farmers were provided with agricultural government aid and guidance,
similar to the education that farm advisors provided regarding the challenges of
planting in clay soil, they would continue to prosper and benefit the economy.
n89

   III. THE FARM BILLS

A. History of the Farm Bills

   The farm bill is a massive piece of legislation pertaining to a variety of
topics, with titles dating back to the Great Depression and ranging from food to
research-based conservation.  n90 This piece of legislation allocates for
subsidies in the form of "payments made and other support extended by the United
States federal government to certain  [*195]  farmers and agribusiness."  n91
With the onset of the Great Depression in the 1930's, President Herbert Hoover
supported taxing the public, with the benefit of that tax aimed toward farm
subsidies.  n92 Thus began the first government subsidy known as the Farm Board
Act.  n93 This was groundbreaking, as the government was now heavily involving
itself in agricultural matters for the benefit of the public.  n94

   The purpose of the Farm Board Act was to allow the government to intervene by
purchasing over-produced wheat and cotton, and paying for the storage of those
two crops with the intent to sell them later.  n95 One unintended, yet
significant, consequence of this legislation was a dramatic decrease in
specialty crop production in favor of the overproduction of wheat and cotton,
which many farmers felt would qualify them for the new government subsidies.
n96 After President Herbert Hoover's presidential term expired, President
Franklin Roosevelt created the Agricultural Adjustment Act to resolve the
problem of wheat and cotton over-production, by paying farmers to cease
production of those crops.  n97 In addition, he created the "idea of parity"
where the prices are fixed at a rate equivalent to rates during excellent years,
so that regardless of whether there is an issue of supply or demand, there will
be no side effect to the profit farmers receive in return for their produce.
n98 When the Great Depression ended, the agricultural world was still governed
by the "ideas of payments to reduce crops and fixing prices at
higher-than-market levels."  n99

   Since the 1930's the U.S. government has enacted variations of the farm bill
n100 and additional historical pieces of farm legislation.  n101 The  [*196]
farm bill is revised, amended, evaluated, or repealed about every five years.
n102 During a congressional hearing to make changes and affirm previous programs
within the farm bill, if Congress cannot come to an agreement as to amendments,
the measures revert back to permanent laws depending on the title under which
they fall.  n103 These permanent laws are "non-expiring agriculture policies
that were established by 1938 and 1949-era farm program laws" that are
temporarily suspended when new farm bills are implemented.  n104 Congress's
purpose for holding onto the permanent laws, although they are archaic and often
detrimental to the economy if allowed to control, is to utilize them as an
instrument to induce future Congresses to continue evaluating farm programs.
n105 Such an evaluation is certainly overdue where it concerns current loan
availability for disadvantaged Southeast Asian farmers.

    [*197]  B. Credit Title: Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

   The most recent farm bill is called the Agricultural Act of 2014 ("the Act")
and will remain in effect until 2018.  n106 The USDA has authorized the Farm
Service Agency ("FSA") to administer the Act.  n107 The Credit Title of the Act
came about with the inception of the Consolidated Farmers Home Administration
Act of 1961.  n108 The Consolidated Farmers Home Administration Act of 1961
first came into fruition fifteen years after the Farmers Administration Act of
1946, in response to the evolving agricultural world.  n109 Congress was forced
to expand the agriculture credit programs to consider modern farming
technologies and resources and to concurrently amend prior loans that no longer
fulfilled their purpose.  n110 The Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act
of 1961, originally called the Farmers Home Administration Act of 1961, became
the permanent law that authorized the USDA agricultural credit and rural
development programs.  n111

   The purpose of the Credit Title is to allow the USDA to provide "direct and
guaranteed loans to farmers and ranchers who have been denied direct credit by
commercial lenders but have the wherewithal to repay the loan."  n112 The Credit
Title consists of subsections for each of the following: farm ownership loans,
farm operation loans, emergency loans, administrative provisions, and
miscellaneous.  n113 Within these subsections, there are segments designated for
farm ownership loans and operating loans, as well as authorized programs that
are geared  [*198]  toward helping beginning farmers and ranchers, as well as
socially disadvantaged applicants.  n114

   The federal government understands that new farmers and ranchers struggle to
find and purchase land, so the USDA created programs with the intent of
assisting farmers to buy and operate land, procure farm equipment, and establish
credit.  n115 The FSA, also considered the Lender of First Opportunity, gives
farmers who were unable to obtain commercial loans an opportunity to get
subsidized farm loans through the federal government.  n116 The agricultural
loans are designed to assist new farmers, or an individual in a protected class
that has been discriminated against, regardless of the applicant's identity or
individual qualities.  n117

   The FSA offers loans for farm ownership, farm operation, conservation, or
emergency.  n118 There are five different types of loan programs: Direct Farm
Ownership, Direct Down Payment, Direct Operation, Direct Guaranteed Farm
Ownership, and Microloans.  n119 Each type of program has its own use.  n120 For
example, if a farmer needs help with expanding his or her farm, paying for
closing costs, water conservation, or protection, then the farmer should apply
for Direct Farm Ownership Loans.  n121 If the farmer is interested in purchasing
livestock, farm equipment, minor home repairs or farm operating expenses, then
the farmer should apply for Direct Operation Loans.  n122 Each of these loans
has its maximum loan amount, rates, and  [*199]  terms.  n123 The applicant may
concurrently apply for more than one type of loan, depending on the applicant's
need.  n124 Despite the existence of these various loan opportunities, Southeast
Asian farmers face significant, and often insurmountable challenges when seeking
to secure financial aid for their agricultural endeavors.  n125

   IV. OBSTACLES SOUTHEAST ASIAN FARMERS ENCOUNTER IN SECURING LOANS

A. Intent of Credit Title as Social Welfare Legislation

   The Credit Title originated from the Bankhead-Jones Tenant Act of 1937, which
was additional legislation to the farm bills.  n126 The Bankhead-Jones Tenant
Act of 1937 transformed into the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act,
and is now part of the Credit Title in the Act.  n127 In Curry v. Block 541
F.Supp. 506 (1982), a persuasive case out of the Southern District of Georgia,
the court held that the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act was social
welfare legislation to aid farmers who are "underprivileged."  n128 Social
welfare legislation was described as legislation that: 1) imposes "a minimum
standard of living"; 2) applies to "a group that falls below the minimum"
standard; and 3) establishes programs to assist "that group to reach or approach
the minimum standard."  n129 In Califano v. Aznavorian 439 U.S. 170 (1978), it
was stated that "social welfare legislation . . . involves drawing lines among
categories of people . . . ."  n130 Social welfare legislation helps members of
the public who are in need, ranging from persons who are unemployed to those who
are physically or mentally handicapped.  n131

    [*200]  In Curry, the plaintiffs were a class of farmers who had acquired
agricultural credit pursuant to the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act.
n132 Hostile weather and a depressed economy caused undue financial hardship
upon the farmers.  n133 They turned to the loan programs for help and, when they
were denied their rights provided by the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development
Act, sought intervention from the court.  n134 The court focused on the history
of the government's issuance of farm loans and the legislative objective of
helping farmers who had been unsuccessful in obtaining loans from other lenders.
n135 The court cited congressional record regarding the farm loans  n136 which
stated that Congress had given the Secretary of Agriculture the power to "the
postpone payment of principal and interest on [] loans for farmers hard pressed
due to natural disasters."  n137 The court determined that the agricultural
credit program served two legislative functions, acting as both social welfare
legislation and legislation for high risk farm loan applicants.  n138 The Curry
court found that the legislature's goal was to keep farms in business because
"Congress is demanding that the [FSA] strike a balance between the business
nature of the loans and the predominant social welfare nature of the legislation
by buying those farmers crippled by circumstances beyond their control a little
time to get back on their feet."  n139

   The Credit Title came about because the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act is the permanent law for this title.  n140 The Credit Title is
social welfare legislation.  n141 This title was purposefully created with the
intent to alleviate the financial burdens facing new farmers and ranchers and
the socially disadvantaged, so they may be  [*201]  able to start a farming
business and build their credit.  n142 The FSA's goal is to ensure that farmers
or ranchers build enough credit to attain a commercial loan without the
government's assistance.  n143 To achieve that goal, the FSA has implemented
different agricultural loan programs with strict eligibility requirements.  n144
However, in their current form, such requirements thwart attempts by
disadvantaged groups, such as Southeast Asians, to attain farm loans intended
for applicants in similar circumstances and undermine the very purpose of the
FSA.  n145

1. Relevant Eligibility Criteria for Obtaining Farm Loans

   There are many factors that the FSA considers when making a determination as
to whether an applicant may receive a government loan, but the factors relevant
to Southeast Asian farmers require that an applicant be a disadvantaged
beginning farmer, a legal resident, have no government debt, submit a business
plan, have a credit history, prove an attempt at obtaining a loan, and secure
the loan with a lien.  n146

   The first eligibility factor demands that the applicant be a socially
disadvantaged beginning farmer or rancher who began farming less than ten years
prior to seeking the loan.  n147 A socially disadvantaged farmer or rancher
includes an individual that is Asian, Hispanic, a woman, African American,
Native American, Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian, or Pacific Islander.  n148
Southeast Asians commonly qualify as both socially disadvantaged farmers and
beginning farmers.  n149 The term Asian is incredibly broad.  n150 There are an
estimated 17.3 million residents of Asian descent in America.  n151 In this
context, an individual  [*202]  of Asian descent originates from Southeast Asian
countries, such as India, China, Korea, Philippine Islands, or Pakistan.  n152
By 2010, there were 1,174,651 Southeast Asian refugees who immigrated to the
U.S;  n153 however, by 2012, there were only 13,669 Asian farmers.  n154 These
types of loans would apply to Southeast Asians regardless of how long they have
been farming.  n155 Another requirement mandates that the applicant must be
either a

   U.S. citizen, national, or resident alien.  n156 The Immigration Act of 1965
permitted an influx of immigrants from Southeast Asia after the Vietnam War.
n157 The Refugee Act of 1980, with the goal of reuniting families, has allowed
more Southeast Asian immigrants into America.  n158 By 2010, there were a total
of 989,871 Southeast Asian refugees who naturalized as U.S. citizens.  n159 Also
by 2010, there were 422,063 Southeast Asian refugees recorded as permanent
resident aliens.  n160 Of that total, 30,632 came from Vietnam, 12,925 from
Burma, and the rest were other Asian ethnicities.  n161 As a result, a large
number of Southeast Asian applicants are either U.S. citizens or resident aliens
and will satisfy this second requirement.  n162

    [*203]  The "no debt forgiveness" criterion necessitates that the applicant
has not received debt relief and have not defaulted on any existing debt to the
government.  n163 Prior to having outstanding debts from the government, the
Southeast Asian farmer would need to have knowledge that there are government
loans available.  n164 A study on whether the general public is aware of the
government's farm loan subsidy demonstrated that minorities still have not heard
about such government subsidies and more effort is needed to reach out to these
communities.  n165

   These criteria fulfill the legislative intent described in Curry of assisting
a minority group because the eligibility requirements are set at standards that
are easily attainable for a disadvantaged group.  n166 Southeast Asian farmers
should reap the benefits of these farm loans, as it would further the stated
purpose of aiding a disadvantaged group.  n167

2. Elements that Impede Southeast Asian Farmers in Qualifying for Farm Loans

As found in Curry, the legislative history showed that the Secretary of
Agriculture has the authority to make changes to arduous eligibility factors
that fail to assist farmers who need financial support.  n168 However, the lines
drawn  n169 from this point forward are complex webs of minimal standards
unnavigable for the underprivileged.  n170 The following eligibility
requirements of the FSA hinder the Southeast Asian applicants' access to
government subsidies that would help elevate their financial standing.  n171

    [*204]  The demanding standard requiring submission of a business plan
requires that an individual applicant farmer first write a business plan.  n172
The purpose is to show that the farmer has a projected future plan and that he
or she understands all parts of the farm operation.  n173 A business plan
assists lenders in determining whether a farmer has the financial ability to
repay a loan.  n174 The business plan must describe the following in detail: the
vision, goal, and mission for the farm; current assets (property or investments
owned) and liabilities (payments, debts, or loans owed); what the operation will
produce and how is it going to be marketed; and whether the income will generate
enough to pay for the business and family living expenses.  n175

   In Curry, the court emphasized that social welfare legislation is written to
support the underprivileged in meeting a proposed guideline.  n176 Requiring
Southeast Asian applicants to formulate a detailed business plan frustrates the
purpose of the Credit Title.  n177 Southeast Asian farmers face both cultural
and language barriers.  n178 Making a business plan is a difficult task for
them, as many do not have access to a computer and are not formally educated.
n179 A reason for their lack of education is that "they are more likely to come
from rural backgrounds in their native countries," and have less command of the
English language.  n180 A 2012 study by the Southeast Asia Resource Action
Center revealed that Southeast Asians "continue to face issues of limited
English proficiency."  n181 Furthermore, many are  [*205]  unable to read or
write in their native language.  n182 Research found that out of fifty-six
farmers surveyed, only eleven percent of the responders had a business plan.
n183 "Southeast Asian farmers need access to culturally appropriate education
and support to help make the shift from income-generating farming activities to
wealth-generating farming businesses."  n184 Without this education and support,
the requirement of submitting a business plan merely serves to block the path to
self-sufficiency for this disadvantaged group.  n185

   The FSA imposes the challenging eligibility requirement that the applicant
have a good credit history.  n186 Many Southeast Asian farmers have very little
knowledge or experience involving credit; therefore, this criterion will
adversely affect their opportunity to apply for loans.  n187 In a survey done by
the Southeast Asia Resource Action Center in May of 2012, all of the 174
Southeast Asian participants had "little to no formal training in financial
management."  n188 Those born outside of the United States did not receive any
training at all.  n189 "The majority of those who came to the group discussion
were aware that they needed to learn more about credit building and credit
scores, as this would affect their ability to borrow for large purchases . . .."
n190 The participants would only seek to use a credit card or ask their family
and friends for help if they needed to make a large purchase or if there was an
emergency.  n191 The study found that because of their social ties to the
community, Southeast Asians favor asking friends and families for help when they
suffer any hardship over seeking loans from the bank.  n192 Additionally, there
is a fear of making an appearance at the bank because the bank industry lacks a
diverse staff pool.  n193 All participants questioned agreed that there should
be more education on use of credit, savings, banking, and other important
financial tools.  n194  [*206]  As it stands, the good credit history
requirement undermines the purpose behind the Credit Title.  n195

   Additional eligibility standards require individual applicants to demonstrate
that they have previously attempted to apply for a reasonable loan which
resulted in denial and to show that they can come up with a cash down payment of
at least five percent.  n196 These requirements contradict the aforementioned
good credit history standard because one of the reasons for rejection of a
reasonable loan is a denial for poor or no credit history.  n197 Southeast Asian
applicants who have a very limited knowledge about credit would lack credit
history and be refused a reasonable loan.  n198 The cash down payment standard
necessitates that the applicant have a cash down payment of at least five
percent of the loan amount.  n199 The majority of Southeast Asians are utilizing
some type of government assistance because their living standard does not meet
the general public minimum standard; therefore, it is unlikely that they will
have a large savings account or that they will be able to otherwise afford a
down payment of this size.  n200 A provision to toll the payment for a certain
number of years would allow the Southeast Asian farmer applicant to begin
generating a source of income from the farm business, in order to pay the
government back. The government has already provided concessions for other
groups of interest, as it did in implementing the Veteran's Home Loan program
and first time homebuyer program.  n201 In the Veteran's Home Loan program,
military members with Veteran's status are afforded an opportunity to obtain a
home loan with a zero  [*207]  down payment.  n202 The first time homebuyer
program includes a requirement for a down payment of 3.5 percent of the total
loan.  n203 What these programs share in common is that they cater to specific
groups of people and provide those groups with an opportunity to buy a home.
n204 There is no requirement that the applicants be underprivileged or in a
position that necessitates government assistance before they can receive
assistance without strenuous burden of proof that prevents them from obtaining
such prospect.  n205 Similarly, the farm loan program sought to provide a
specific group of people, beginning or disadvantaged farmers, a chance to start
a successful business.  n206 The government should apply the same principle to
farm loans and toll repayment periods.

   Congress also created the Microloans program as an additional means of aiding
applicants who have no farming experience.  n207 This loan requires less
paperwork and has a maximum loan amount of $ 35,000.  n208 The Microloans must
be secured by either a first lien on a farm property or an agricultural product
with a value of at least one hundred percent of the Microloan amount.  n209 For
this type of loan, the applicant farmer has seven years to pay it back.  n210
The only requirement for a Microloan is that the applicant must have the ability
to secure the loan with a lien that has comparable value; however, the loan can
only be used for furniture, fixtures, working capital, equipment, or
inventories.  n211 Because the maximum amount allowed is so minute, it cannot be
used to purchase an adequate plot of land that  [*208]  would generate an
income-producing farm.  n212 This is especially true since, on average, an acre
of land is approximately more than two thousand dollars.  n213

   The eligibility requirements that demand a business plan, good credit
history, prior loan application attempt, and lien requirement have contradicted
Congress' intent by preventing the Southeast Asian applicants - a disadvantaged
group - the opportunity to benefit from the government's offerings.  n214 These
criteria frustrate the purpose of social welfare legislation, as established by
the court in Curry, and prevent Southeast Farmers from realizing an opportunity
to sustain a successful farming business.  n215

   V. RECOMMENDATIONS

   When the Agricultural Act of 2014 is up for review by Congress in 2018, to
make amendments as it deems necessary and repeal any provisions that adversely
affect the community, Congress should remove the eligibility requirements of
good credit history and a prior attempt at securing a loan that resulted in
denial. The good credit history requirement should be removed because it defeats
Congress' intent of aiding the "underprivileged."  n216 It is highly unlikely
that an individual who is "underprivileged" will have the necessary credit
history to obtain a loan.  n217 In addition, compelling good credit history
contradicts the requirement that before the individual can obtain a farm loan
they have to satisfy the requirement of applying for a reasonable loan and have
been denied.  n218 If an individual has been denied a loan from a commercial
lender, due to unsatisfactory credit, then they will have already failed to meet
the good credit history requirement of the  [*209]  FSA.  n219 The bank
industries need safeguards in place to assure that they will make some profit
from helping the disadvantaged, but this should not be a reason to make it
impossible for minority applicants to secure aid from the government.  n220 As
deduced in Curry, less deference should be given to the banks because this
legislation is social welfare legislation.  n221

   In terms of the business plan, the FSA should maintain multi-cultural staff
members who can assist Southeast Asian farmers, and other minorities who are
interested in applying for a farm loan, but do not know how to read or write in
English. If the applicants have satisfied all the preliminary eligibility
criteria and the business plan remains, the FSA agents assigned to the different
applicants should be available to assist applicants in getting their ideas
transcribed onto paper. The purpose of assisting this category of people is to
help guide them toward the minimum standard because they have fallen below the
proposed standard.  n222 The complex task of writing a detailed business plan
will hinder, not guide, this group from attaining a FSA loan.  n223

   In addition, Congress should remove the down payment criteria and add a
provision to toll payment for three years in order for the Southeast Asian
farmers to realize some profits that will permit them to make payments on their
farm loans. This would be similar to the Veteran's Home Loan program that allows
Veterans to apply for loans without any down payment.  n224 An incentive should
be granted to Southeast Asian applicants who have fought alongside the United
States during the Vietnam War. Because they were recruited as soldiers fighting
for America, they should be afforded an incentive to both become more
self-sufficient in starting their own business and stop relying on the federal
government indefinitely for an income. Southeast Asian farmers should be
afforded similar treatment as Veterans.

   By affording the Southeast Asian farmers such an incentive, it will enable
the poor to learn how to manage their own business and reduce reliance on the
government for assistance. The legislature's clear  [*210]  intent of drafting
social welfare legislation to aid a socially disadvantaged group will have been
a wasted effort if the funds and regulations that have been preserved for them
were not utilized because the eligibility criteria were set at a standard that
is unreachable by the underprivileged.  n225

   VI. CONCLUSION

   Southeast Asians sought refuge in America, fleeing war and persecution in
their native countries.  n226 Although skilled at working their native soil and
resourceful in applying traditional farming methods, these immigrants'
techniques did not translate well to American geography.  n227 Cultural and
socio-economic barriers have made it difficult for them to adapt and learn the
new trades.  n228 Although some managed to work small plots for a minimal income
and have managed to contribute greatly to the diversity of food available in the
United States, others have resorted to illicit activities, such as marijuana
cultivation, to make a living or have resigned themselves to public assistance.
n229 If Congress is interested in curbing such illegal activity and helping
Southeast Asians pull themselves above the poverty line, changes will have to be
made to the farm bill. The subsidies offered to other farmers and the loans
offered to similarly disadvantaged citizens should be made equally available to
this vulnerable population. By amending the farm bill in a way that relaxes the
criteria under which an applicant may receive funds and guidance, Southeast
Asian farmers will find themselves qualified for much-needed
assistance--assistance that can ultimately be repaid to society through the
efforts of its recipients. However, if Congress allows unreasonable
qualifications to continue creating barriers to assistance for those like
Southeast Asian farmers, it will ultimately undermine the very purpose for which
the farm bills were created and cause the good intentions guiding the creation
of this revolutionary body of law to fall short.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Criminal Law & ProcedureCriminal OffensesControlled
SubstancesManufacturePenaltiesGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage &
DistributionGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct Promotion

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Gosia Wozniacka, Laotians Top Growers of Marijuana on California Farms, NW.
ASIAN WKLY., Feb. 16, 2013, at 1-3, available at 2013 WLNR 7515996; Associated
Press, CA Pot Farms Target of Crackdown, S.F. GATE, Sept. 26, 2012,
http://www.sfgate.com/crime/article/CA-pot-farms-target-of-crackdown-3897664.php
. See generally Staff Reports, Illegal Marijuana Grow Raided Today; Four
Arrested, 206 Plants Seized, CHICOER NEWS, Aug. 5, 2014,
http://www.chicoer.com/news/ci_26281681/illegal-marijuana-grow-raided-today-four
-arrested-206 (arresting only people with last names common to Southeast
Asians).





n2  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 1; Associated Press, supra note 1.





n3  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 1-2. See Mark Arax, As Prices Fall, Farmers Turn
to Illegal Cash Crops, L.A. TIMES, May 12, 2004, at 3, available at 2004 WLNR
19749137 [hereinafter Arax, Illegal Cash Crops].





n4  See Associated Press, supra note 1.





n5  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3.





n6  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 2; Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3.





n7  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 1; Nat'l Inst. of Food and
Agric., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Sustainable Econ. and Envtl. Dev. (SEED) Southeast
Asian Farmer Entrepreneur Program - Hmong Am. P'ship, REEIS.USDA.GOV,
http://www.reeis.usda.gov/web/crisprojectpages/0229308-sustainable-economic-ande
nvironmental-development-seed-southeast-asian-farmer-entrepreneur-program.html
(last visited Nov. 17, 2014) [hereinafter Nat'l Inst. of Food and Agric., Hmong
Am. P'ship].





n8  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3.





n9  Id.





n10  Id.





n11  Id. at 4.





n12  Id.





n13  Jennifer Sowerwine & Christy Getz, The Changing Face of California Agric.:
Identifying Challenges and Providing Opportunities for Southeast Asian and Other
Minority Farmers, RURAL CONNECTIONS, 2011, at 26, available at
http://wrdc.usu.edu/files/publications/publication/pub__900409.pdf.





n14  Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 1.





n15  See Compassionate Use Act of 1996 § 11362.5, HEALTH & SAFETY (2003),
available at
http://www.leginfo.ca.gov/pub/03-04/bill/sen/sb_0401-0450/sb_420_bill_20031012_c
haptered.html (beginning November 6, 1996, medical marijuana law permits
"seriously ill residents" to use and plant medical marijuana without criminal
liabilities so long as the number of plants does not fall below either six
mature plants, twelve immature plants, or one half pound of processed
marijuana).





n16  See Compassionate Use Act § 11362.5, at 1 (setting guidelines for
cultivation).





n17  Associated Press, supra note 1.





n18  See id. (cultivating marijuana to make money); Arax, Illegal Cash Crops,
supra note 3, at 1.





n19  See Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 2; Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3,
at 1, 3.





n20  See Associated Press, supra note 1.





n21  See Press Release, Drug Enforcement Admin., Operation Mercury Targets
Large-Scale Agric. Marijuana Grows in Six Cent. Valley Counties: More than
400,000 Plants Eradicated Since March 2012 (Sept. 26, 2012), available at
http://www.dea.gov/divisions/sf/2012/sf092612a.shtml (last visited Nov. 17.
2014).





n22  See generally id. (explaining that marijuana farms have traps, armed
guards, and guns have been seized from these farms).





n23  See Press Release, Benjamin B. Wagner, The U.S. Attorney's Office, Eastern
District of California, Operation Mercury Cases (Jan. 6, 2014), available at
http://www.justice.gov/usao/cae/news/docs/2014/2014_01/01-06-14Marijuana.html
(last visited Nov. 17. 2014) (stating that Phonepaseuth Phaphilom, a Laotian
man, plead guilty to conspiring to cultivate marijuana grown on an agricultural
parcel in Southwest Fresno).





n24  Wozniacka, supra note 1, at 3.





n25  Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 26.





n26  See Benefits, Grants, and Loans for Citizens, USA.GOV,
http://www.usa.gov/Citizen/Topics/Benefits.shtml (last visited Nov. 14. 2014)
(informing the public about different types of benefits available from the
government).





n27  See Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal., What's at Stake: Support for Socially
Disadvantaged Producers, NSAC'S BLOG (Nov. 13, 2012),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/whats-at-stake-2501/ [hereinafter Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Coal., Socially Disadvantaged Producers]; Nat'l Sustainable
Agric. Coal., Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, NSAC'S
BLOG (Nov. 25, 2013),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/microloanfy13-data-analysis/ [hereinafter
Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers] (informing that
minorities are still not aware of the subsidies).





n28  Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers, supra note 27.





n29  See id. (establishing that farm program still needs improvement in
informing minorities about the available assistance).





n30  SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR, UNTOLD STORIES OF THE FORECLOSURE CRISIS:
SOUTHEAST ASIAN AMERICANS IN THE CENT. VALLEY 3 (Apr. 2011), available at
http://www.searac.org/sites/default/files/SEARAC_CRISIS_REPORT_2011_Final.pdf
(including Southeast Asian Americans in the Central Valley from "the following
ethnic and language groups: Cambodia: Cham (a Muslim minority group), Khmer or
Cambodian, Khmer Loeu or Highland Khmer[;] Laos: Hmong or Mong, Lu Mien or Mien,
Khmu, Lao or Lao Loum or Lowland Lao, Taidam[;] Vietnam: Khmer. . .[,]
Vietnamese.").





n31  KHATHARYA UM, OUR JOURNEYS, OUR COMMUNITIES: SOUTHEAST ASIANS IN AM.
HISTORY 7 (2006), available at
https://www.museumca.org/wgolessons/pdf/lesson3/OMCA_WGO_Lesson3_KUessay.pdf.
See Mark E. Pfeifer, Hmong Americans, THE NEW FACE OF ASIAN PACIFIC AM.:
NUMBERS, DIVERSITY, & CHANGE IN THE 21ST CENTURY, 2003, available at
http://www.asian-nation.org/hmong.shtml (last visited Nov. 17, 2014).





n32  See UM, supra note 31, at 5, 6 (keeping Laos and Cambodia's involvement in
the war from American public to keep the country's involvement neutral); William
M. Leary, CIA Air Operations in Laos, 1955-1974: Supporting the Secret War,
1999-2000, available at
https://www.cia.gov/library/center-for-the-study-ofintelligence/
csi-publications/csi-studies/studies/winter99-00/art7.html (last updated Jun.
07, 2008) (establishing that Laos is an independent state and if it falls into a
communist regime, then other bordering countries will follow).





n33  Leary, supra note 32.





n34  UM, supra note 31, at 7.





n35  Donald Walker, A Short History of Southeast Asian Immigration to San
Joaquin Cnty., THE SAN JOAQUIN HISTORIAN, Summer 2003, at 4, available at
http://sanjoaquinhistory.org/documents/HistorianNS17-2.pdf.





n36  Walker, supra note 35, at 3. See generally Pfeifer, supra note 31(fleeing
as refugees, Southeast Asians were placed in different states by settling
agencies).





n37  Barbara W.K. Yee, Health and Health Care of Southeast Asian Am. Elders:
Vietnamese, Cambodian, Hmong, and Laotian Elders, STANFORD.EDU, 1,
http://web.stanford.edu/group/ethnoger/southeastasian.html (last visited Nov.
17, 2014). See Dwi Famia, Southeast Asian Cmty. Report Exec. Summary,
VIRTIS.ORG, at 1 (Sept. 14, 2013),
http://virtisptsd.org/SOUTHEAST%20ASIAN%20COMMUNITY%20REPORT%20EXECUTIVE%20SUMMA
RY.pdf (last visited Nov. 26, 2014) (coordinating refugee asylum and
resettlement programs).





n38  See Yee, supra note 37.





n39  See generally Yee, supra note 37 (providing that all the different ethnic
groups reside in either California, Texas, and Minnesota).





n40  See generally Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal., 2012 Census Drilldown:
Minority & Women Farmers, NSAC'S BLOG (Jun. 03, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/census-drilldown-sda/ [hereinafter Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Coal., Minority & Women Farmers] (showing on the map that
majority of Asian farmers are in California).





n41  Ana Doris Capistrano & Gerald G. Marten, Agric. in Southeast Asia, in
TRADITIONAL AGRIC. IN SOUTHEAST ASIA: A HUMAN ECOLOGY PERSPECTIVE 6, 7,
available at
http://gerrymarten.org/traditional-agriculture/pdfs/Traditional-Agriculture-chap
ter-01.pdf.





n42  Id. at 14. See interview with Chongyee Xiong, in Fresno, Cal. (Jul. 5,
2014).





n43  See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n44  Id.





n45  Id.





n46  Id. Charles Hirschman & Sabrina Bonaparte, Population and Soc'y in
Southeast Asia: A Historical Perspective, in DEMOGRAPHY OF SOUTHEAST ASIA 6
(Linda Williams & Phillip Guest, eds. 2012), available at
http://faculty.washington.edu/charles/new%20PUBS/A120.pdf.





n47  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 6.





n48  Id. at 7.





n49  Id. at 13. See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n50  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 13; interview with Xiong, supra note
42. Fallow, MERRIAM-WEBSTER ONLINE DICTIONARY, http://www.merriamwebster.
com/dictionary/fallow (last visited Oct. 25, 2014) ("usu[ally] cultivated land
that is allowed to lie idle during the growing season . . . the tilling of land
without sowing it for a season").





n51  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 13. See interview with Xiong, supra
note 42.





n52  Id.





n53  See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n54  Capistrano & Marten, supra note 41, at 13. See interview with Xiong, supra
note 42.





n55  Id.





n56  See Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 27 (relying on labor reciprocity to
farm). See generally interview with Xiong, supra note 42 (relying on scythe and
other simple tools to clear land for farming and requiring teamwork to plant and
harvest).





n57  See infra Part II.C.





n58  Pfeifer, supra note 31.





n59  Id.





n60  J. Stumbos, Southeast Asian Refugees Learn Modern Farming Methods,
CALIFORNIA AGRICULTURE (Mar. - Apr. 1993),
http://californiaagriculture.ucanr.org/landingpage.cfm?i=i&article=ca.v047n02p9.





n61  Id.; Heidi Tarver, Clay Soil: The Good, the Bad, and the Just Plain
Annoying, BERKELEYGARDENCOACH.COM,
http://berkeleygardencoach.com/2011/04/04/claysoil-the-good-the-bad-and-the-just
-plain-annoying/ (last visited Nov. 11, 2014, 4:23 PM) (noting clay soil is
composed of clay, sand and silt particles. Soil that contains about 40% of clay
particles is considered clay soil. This type of soil becomes dense and sticky
when wet and does not drain well. However, when it dries it forms a hard crust
which is difficult to penetrate).





n62  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n63  Id.; see generally interview with Xiong, supra note 42 (stating that soil
is doughlike, not sand-like and all that the farmer needs is rain to make plants
grow; no fertilizer is needed). See supra Part II.A.





n64  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n65  Id.





n66  Id.; Jeannett E. Warnert, A Lifeline to Fresno's Southeast Asian Farmers,
Richard Molinar Retires in June, SMALL FARM NEWS (Jun. 07, 2013),
http://ucanr.edu/blogs/blogcore/postdetail.cfm?postnum=10582 (last visited Nov.
17, 2014). See interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n67  See generally Warnert, supra note 66 (requiring that farmers comply with
OSHA regulations); Brenda Dawson, Post Tagged: Richard Molinar, SMALL FARM NEWS
(Apr. 06, 2012),
http://sfp.ucdavis.edu/?blogtag=Richard%20Molinar&blogasset=51570 (last visited





n68  Warnert, supra note 66.





n69  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n70  Id.; Jeannette E. Warnert, Delicious, Healthful Strawberries Will be
Available Soon at Valley Roadside, FOOD BLOG (Apr. 12, 2011),
http://ucanr.edu/blogs/blogcore/postdetail.cfm?postnum=4588 [hereinafter
Warnert, Healthful Strawberries].





n71  Stumbos, supra note 60.





n72  Id.





n73  See e-mail from Patti Hang, Manager of Vang C. Thao Farms to Mao Lee, San
Joaquin Agricultural Law Review (Aug. 22, 2014, 8:54 AM) (on file with author).





n74  Id.





n75  Interview with Xiong, supra note 42.





n76  See Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 4. See generally Stumbos,
supra note 60 (farming supplies list).





n77  See Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 3 (farming is family
operation).





n78  See generally Capistrano & Marten, supra note 48, at 13 (utilizing simple
tools).





n79  Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 27; According to Fair Labor Standards
Act, it is a violation of the Act if agricultural workers do not receive minimum
wage with the exception that they are immediate family members. See U.S. Dep't
of Labor, Fact Sheet # 12: Agric. Employers Under the Fair Labor Standards Act
(FLSA) (July 2008), available at
http://www.dol.gov/whd/regs/compliance/whdfs12.pdf (establishing that all
agricultural employees are governed by federal law regarding wages and work
hours).





n80  See supra notes 76-78.





n81  See supra Part II.C.





n82  Stumbos, supra note 60, at 47.





n83  Id.





n84  See generally Warnert, Healthful Strawberries, supra note 70, at 1
(providing an overview of strawberries stands).





n85  See Arax, Illegal Cash Crops, supra note 3, at 1 (stating that best
strawberries are grown by Southeast Asians). See generally GEORGE M. DARROW, THE
STRAWBERRY: HISTORY, BREEDING, AND PHYSIOLOGY 113 (1st ed. 1966), available at
http://specialcollections.nal.usda.gov/speccoll/collectionsguide/darrow/Darrow_T
he Strawberry.pdf (indicating that fragaria nilgerrensis is the only berry
resembling a strawberry that is grown in Southeast Asia and have poor flavor).





n86  Sowerwine & Getz, supra note 13, at 26.





n87  See id. (dating from 1994-2004 and by 2012 for ten-year period).





n88  Stumbos, supra note 60, at 47.





n89  See supra notes 67-70 and Part II.D.





n90  Laura Collins, Am. Action Forum, The 2014 Farm Bill Subsidy Reforms Don't
Go Far Enough, AMERICANACTIONFORUM.ORG (Feb. 07, 2014),
http://americanactionforum.org/research/the-2014-farm-bill-subsidy-reforms-dont-
go-far-enough (last visited Nov. 2014); Deborah White, What are U.S. Farm
Subsidies?, ABOUTNEWS.COM,
http://usliberals.about.com/od/FoodFarmingIssues/a/What-Are-Farm-Subsidies.htm.
See generally RALPH M. CHITE, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., R43076, THE 2014 FARM BILL
(P.L.113-79): SUMMARY AND SIDE-BY-SIDE, at Summary, CONTENTS, 6-19 (2014)
(indicating that farm bill contain a variety of topics and the headings for each
sections describe each title). The Agricultural Act of 2014 contains twelve
titles: Title I-Commodities; Title II-Conservation; Title III-Trade; Title
IV-Nutrition; Title V- Credit; Title VI-Rural Development; Title VII-Research,
Extension, and Related Matters; Title VIII-Forestry; Title IX-Energy; Title X-
Horticulture; Title XI-Crop Insurance; and Title XII-Miscellaneous. CHITE, supra
note 90, at Contents.





n91  White, supra note 90.





n92  Burton Folsom, Jr., The Origin of American Farm Subsidies, THE FREEMAN:
IDEAS ON LIBERTY, Apr. 2006, at 34, available at
http://fee.org/files/doclib/0604Folsom.pdf.





n93  Id. at 35.





n94  See generally id. (breaking precedents of presidents not taxing for the
public).





n95  See id. at 35.





n96  Id.





n97  Id.





n98  Id.





n99  Id.





n100  See, e.g., Nat'l Agric. Law Ctr., U.S. Farm Bills,
NATIONALAGLAWCENTER.ORG, http://nationalaglawcenter.org/farmbills (last visited
Nov. 2014) (displaying a variation of the farm bill: Agricultural Adjustment Act
of 1933, Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938, Agricultural Act of 1948,
Agricultural Act of 1949, Agricultural Act of 1954, Agricultural Act of 1956,
Food and Agricultural Act 1965, Agricultural Act of 1970, Agricultural and
Consumer Protection Act 1973, Food and Agriculture Act 1977, Agriculture and
Food Act 1981, Food Security Act 1985, Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and
Trade Act 1990, Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act 1996, Farm and
Security and Rural Investment Act 2002, Food, Conservation, and Energy Act 2008,
and Agricultural Act of 2014).





n101  See, e.g., id. (displaying additional historical farm legislation: Soil
Conservation and Domestic Allotment Act of 1935 (Soil Erosion Act), Soil
Conservation and Domestic Allotment Act of 1936, Steagall Amendment of 1941
(Steagall Commodity Credit Act), Commodity Credit Corporation Charter Act of
1948, Food and Agricultural Act of 1962, Agricultural Act of 1964, Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1982, Extra-Long Staple Cotton Act of 1983, Dairy
and Tobacco Adjustment Act of 1983, Agricultural Programs Adjustment Act of
1984, Technical Corrections to Food Security Act of 1985 Amendments, Food
Security Improvements Act of 1986, Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987,
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1989, Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of
1990, Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, and Amendments to the National
Wool Act).





n102  RENEE JOHNSON & JIM MONKE, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RS22131, WHAT IS THE FARM
BILL? at Summary (2014); Fact Sheet, Farm Serv. Agency, 2014 Farm Bill 1 (Mar.
2014) (on file with author), available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/newsReleases?area=newsroom&subject=landing&topic=pfs
&newstype=prfactsheet&type=detail&item=pf_20140311_insup_en_fbil.html
[hereinafter Farm Serv. Agency, 2014 Farm Bill].





n103  JIM MONKE, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RL34594, FARM COMMODITY PROGRAMS IN THE
2008 FARM BILL 3 (2008).





n104  Nat'l Ass'n of State Departments of Agric., Potential Implications of
Repealing Permanent Farm Law, NASDA.ORG (Aug. 12, 2013),
http://www.nasda.org/File.aspx?id=21527.





n105  Id.





n106  See Farm Serv. Agency, 2014 Farm Bill, supra note 102, at 1.





n107  Id. (showing that the Agricultural Act of 2014 contains twelve titles:
Title ICommodities; Title II-Conservation; Title III-Trade; Title IV-Nutrition;
Title VCredit; Title VI-Rural Development; Title VII-Research, Extension, and
Related Matters; Title VIII-Forestry; Title IX-Energy; Title X- Horticulture;
Title XI-Crop Insurance; and Title XII-Miscellaneous).





n108  See Curry v. Block, 541 F.Supp. 506, 510-511 (S.D. Ga. 1982), aff'd, 738
F.2d 1556 (11th Cir. 1984) (establishing that the legislation's name changed to
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act).





n109  Id. at 510.





n110  Id.





n111  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 510-511 (establishing that the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act of 1961 is the parent statute whose nature of
providing farm loans remain unchanged). CHITE, supra note 90, at 12.





n112  CHITE, supra note 90, at 12.





n113  See Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, (codified as amended in
scattered sections of 7 U.S.C.) (sectioning Credit Title into different
sections).





n114  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Loan Programs, FARM BILL FORUM COMMENT SUMMARY
& BACKGROUND, 1-2, http://www.usda.gov/documents/FARM_LOAN_PROGRAMS.pdf (last
visited Aug. 19, 2014) [hereinafter U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Loan Programs].
See FARM SERV. AGENCY, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., YOUR GUIDE TO FSA FARM LOANS 16
(2014), available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/fsa_br_01_web_booklet.pdf (last
visited Aug. 19, 2014) (assisting farmers who are beginning farmers or socially
disadvantaged in borrowing farm loans to own, expand, or start a farm).





n115  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 7.





n116  Id. at 7, 16.





n117  Id. at 16.





n118  Id. at 9.





n119  Fact Sheet, Farm Serv. Agency, Loans for Beginning Farmers & Ranchers, at
1 (Mar. 2014) (on file with author), available at
https://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/beginningloansoct14.pdf.





n120  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 9.





n121  Id. at 10.





n122  Id.





n123  Id. at 12.





n124  Id. at 10.





n125  See infra Part IV.A.2.





n126  See generally Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 510 (establishing that Congress passed
the Bankhead-Jones Tenant Act of 1937 which provided for concept of farm loan
programs that still remains today).





n127  See id. at 510 (showing statute name changed); Agric. Act of 2014, supra
note 113.





n128  Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511.





n129  Lawrence M. Friedman, Soc. Welfare Legislation: An Introduction, 21 STAN.
L. REV. 217, 220 (1969), available at 21 STNLR 217.





n130  Califano v. Aznavorian, 439 U.S. 170, 174 (1978).





n131  Friedman, supra note 129, at 217.





n132  Curry, 541 F.Supp. 506.





n133  Id. at 509.





n134  Id. at 508-509.





n135  Id. at 509-510.





n136  Id. at 516, 518.





n137  Id. at 519.





n138  Id. at 513.





n139  Id. at 518. The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) is currently known as
Farm Service Agency (FSA). Farm Serv. Agency, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Agency
History, FARM SERVICE AGENCY, UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (Jan. 9,
2008),
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/webapp?area=about&subject=landing&topic=ham-ah.





n140  CHITE, supra note 90, at 12.





n141  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 510, 514 (establishing that farm legislation
name changed and farm loans are social welfare legislation); see supra note 134.





n142  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 16.





n143  Id. at 7.





n144  Id. at 18-21.





n145  See generally Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (establishing that agricultural
credit designed to aid farmers who need help).





n146  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 18-21. See U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
supra note 114, at 1-2 (establishing eligibility factors to qualify for farm
loans).





n147  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 17.





n148  Id.





n149  See id.





n150  See generally KAREN R. HUMES, NICHOLAS A. JONES & ROBERTO R. RAMIREZ,
OVERVIEW OF RACE & HISPANIC ORIGIN: 2010, at 3 (Mar. 2011), available at
https://www.census.gov/prod/cen2010/briefs/c2010br-02.pdf (showing a list of
ethnicities as Asian).





n151  See id. at 6.





n152  Id. at 3.





n153  SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., SOUTHEAST ASIAN AMERICANS AT A GLANCE:
STATISTICS ON SOUTHEAST ASIANS ADAPTED FROM THE AM. CMTY. SURVEY 7 (last updated
Oct. 06, 2011), available at
http://www.searac.org/sites/default/files/STATISTICAL%20PROFILE%202010.pdf
[hereinafter SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., STATISTICS ON SOUTHEAST ASIANS].





n154  See Nat'l Sustainable Agric. Coal., Minority & Women Farmers, supra note
40, at 5.





n155  See FARM SERVICE AGENCY, supra note 114, at 16, 17.





n156  Id. at 20.





n157  See Int'l World History Project, Asian Americans, in INT'L WORLD HISTORY
PROJECT, 2, http://history-world.org/asian_americans.htm (last updated Jan.
2007) (accepting immigrants from Asia by enacting Immigration Act of 1965).





n158  See id. (indicating that the Refugee Act of 1980 aided reunification of
families and brought order to admission of immigrants coming from Southeast
Asian war zones).





n159  SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., STATISTICS ON SOUTHEAST ASIANS, supra
note 153, at 8.





n160  RANDALL MONGER & JAMES YANKAY, U.S. LEGAL PERMANENT RESIDENTS: 2012, 4
(Mar. 2013), available at
https://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/ois_1pr_fr_2012_2.pdf.





n161  Id.





n162  See supra notes 157-161.





n163  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 20.





n164  See generally Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers,
supra note 27, at 1, 3 (showing through research that only a small number of
loans have been granted throughout the nation).





n165  Id.





n166  See supra Part IV.A.1.





n167  See generally Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (permitting the underprivileged to
obtain loans).





n168  See id. at 510.





n169  See Califano, 439 U.S. at 174 (drawing lines as standards); Friedman,
supra note 129, at 220 (setting minimum standards as guidelines for status).





n170  See infra Part IV.A.2.





n171  See generally Nat'l Sustainable Agric, Coal., Microloans Reaching Farmers,
supra note 27, at 3 (getting loans were unsuccessful). See infra Part IV.B.





n172  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 23. See generally Nat'l Inst. of
Food and Agric., Hmong Am. P'ship, supra note 7, at 2 (showing that only eleven
percent have business plan).





n173  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 22.





n174  Id. at 24.





n175  Id. at 23.





n176  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (establishing that the social welfare
legislation helps farmers who are in need of aid because they are
underprivileged).





n177  See infra notes 178-184.





n178  See RIAMSALIO PHETCHAREUN, SOUTHEAST ASIA RES. ACTION CTR., ENCOURAGING
ECON. EMPOWERMENT: A REPORT ON THE FIN. AND BANKING CAPABILITIES OF SOUTHEAST
ASIAN AM. COMMUNITIES IN CALIFORNIA 7, 12, 14 (May 2012), available at
http://www.searac.org/sites/default/files/SEARAC_2012_MAY_FINAL.pdf; see infra
notes 184-7.





n179  PHETCHAREUN, supra note 178, at 14.





n180  Id. at 11.





n181  Id. at 12.





n182  See Nat'l Inst. of Food and Agric., Hmong Am. P'ship, supra note 7, at 2.





n183  Id.





n184  Id. at 1.





n185  See supra notes 176-184.





n186  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 19.





n187  See PHETCHAREUN, supra note 178, at 20.





n188  Id.





n189  Id.





n190  Id.





n191  Id. at 23.






n192  Id. at 23.





n193  See id. at 21.





n194  Id. at 20.





n195  See supra note 175 and notes 185-192.





n196  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 19.





n197  See generally id. (requiring that applicants have good credit).





n198  See supra notes 186-191.





n199  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 18.





n200  See generally Mark Arax, Many Refugees Work While Getting Welfare, LA
TIMES, Feb. 9, 1987, at 1, available at 1987 WLNR 1515267 (relying on public
assistance).





n201  See U.S. Dep't of Hous. and Urban Dev., Let FHA Loans Help You, HUD.GOV,
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/buying/loans (last visited Nov. 2014).
See generally Mortg. Bankers Ass'n, Special Programs for Homebuyers,
HOMELOANLEARNINGCENTER.COM,
http://www.homeloanlearningcenter.com/consumerhelpdesk/specialprogramsforhomebuy
ers.htm (last visited Nov. 2014) (listing different types of government
assistance available to certain groups).





n202  U.S. Dep't of Veterans Affairs, Purchase & Cash-Out Refinance Home Loans,
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS (last update Oct. 22, 2013),
http://www.benefits.va.gov/HOMELOANS/purchasecashout.asp.





n203  U.S. Dep't of Hous. and Urban Dev., supra note 201.





n204  See Mortg. Bankers Ass'n, supra note 201 (catering to particular groups
with incentives that help them obtain loans).





n205  See generally id. (requiring only the minimum requirements as described by
each category to obtain the loans).





n206  FARM SERV. AGENCY, supra note 114, at 16.





n207  See Fact Sheet, Farm Serv. Agency, Microloans (Aug. 2013) (on file with
author), available at http://www.fsa.usada.gov/Internet/FSA_File/microloans
_eng_jan2013.pdf.





n208  Id.





n209  Id.





n210  Id.





n211  See U.S. Small Bus. Admin., Microloan Program, SBA.GOV,
http://www.sba.gov/content/microloan-program (last visited Nov. 2014).





n212  See generally Cynthia Nickerson et al., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Trends in
U.S. Farmland Values and Ownership, in ECONOMIC INFORMATION BULLETIN 92 (Feb.
2012), available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/377487/eib92_2_.pdf
(calculating maximum loan amount and cost per acre to obtain an average acreage
of land to farm).





n213  See generally id. (using the map, look for the amount of money per acreage
in regional areas).





n214  See supra Part II.A.2. See also Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511 (establishing
that social welfare legislation helps the underprivileged).





n215  See supra Part IV.A.2.





n216  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 511.





n217  See supra note 215.





n218  See supra note 194.





n219  See supra note 212.





n220  See Curry, 541 F.Supp. at 513-514 (establishing that legislation in favor
of helping underprivileged, not businesses).





n221  See id. at 514.





n222  See supra notes 130-131.





n223  See supra notes 172-185.





n224  See supra note 202.





n225  See supra Part IV.A.2.





n226  See supra Part II.A.





n227  See supra Part II.C.





n228  See supra Part II.C.





n229  See supra Part I.





n230  J.D. Candidate, San Joaquin College of Law, 2016. This comment would not
have been possible without the encouragement and support from my parents and
husband, Kham Xiong. I would like to thank my sister, Ka Lia Lee, for her
continuous effort in reading this comment to help perfect it. Lastly, many
thanks to my sister, Maic Lee, for sacrificing countless hours of her personal
time to care for my little Catherine.


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2008 University of North Carolina School of
                             Law Banking Institute
                        North Carolina Banking Institute

                                  March, 2008

                           12 N.C. Banking Inst. 375

LENGTH: 10800 words

NOTE AND COMMENT: Microfinance in Rural China: Government Initiatives to
Encourage Participation by Foreign and Domestic Financial Institutions

NAME: J. Wyatt Kendall


 TEXT:
 [*375]

   I. Introduction

 An ancient Chinese proverb states: "give a man a fish and you feed him for a
day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime." In today's rapidly
developing Chinese economy, however, some people need more than a lesson in
fishing to thrive. One essential need is access to banking services. n1 In most
developing nations similar to China, access to banking services and wealth go
hand-in-hand. n2 That is, people with access to banking services live above the
poverty line, whereas those without access to banking services live below the
poverty line. n3 Studies have shown that exposure to loans and secure banking
services, such as standard savings accounts, provide low-income individuals
greater opportunities for business and social development. n4 Absent such
services, businesses never get started and families never reap the benefits of
interest-bearing accounts. Discrepancies in wealth arise in developing countries
in part because access to banking services is a luxury that only a fraction of
people in such countries enjoys. n5

   In rural China, a disparity in wealth has arisen as banks  [*376]  have been
quick to follow the population exodus from the countryside to large cities. n6
Because Chinese banks have slowly moved their resources from small, agricultural
loans to more profitable industrial loans found in China's metropolises, n7
rural communities have not shared the same economic growth that the rest of
China has otherwise recently achieved. n8 As a result, the majority of China's
60 million impoverished citizens reside in rural communities. n9 The Chinese
government and the international community have recently taken notice of the
wealth gap between China's urban and rural populations, and have actively
pursued microfinance as a method to reduce poverty. n10 Some policymakers
believe microfinance, a risk-reducing approach to provide low-income communities
financial services, is the solution to mitigate poverty in rural China. n11

   Part II of this Note will outline three common reasons why banks perceive
low-income borrowers as credit risks and tend to avoid offering services to
them. n12 Next, Part III of this Note will provide a background on microfinance
and will examine how microfinance can lower the risks involved in offering
low-income individuals financial services. n13 Part IV will discuss the two
conflicting approaches to microfinance: one centered on poverty alleviation and
the other on profitability. n14 Part IV will argue that microfinance
institutions must be profit-driven rather than policy-driven in order to meet
the immense demand for financial services around the world. Part V of this Note
will discuss China's failure to bridge the growing disparity in wealth and why
microfinance  [*377]  could be used. n15 Further, Part VI suggests that China's
recent concession to open its banking industry to the rest of the world provides
an excellent opportunity to encourage foreign banks to initiate microfinance
services in rural China. n16 This Note will argue that in order to meet China's
large, unmet demand for microfinance services, the Chinese government must
establish a sufficient credit information system and provide more flexibility in
interest rates to lure foreign investors into China's rural economic market. n17

   II. Lending Risks Associated with Low-Income Borrowers

 Researchers have demonstrated that there is a strong, positive correlation
between an individual's access to traditional banking services and an
individual's well-being. n18 In many developing countries, the absence of
nationwide economic development arises in part because a significant portion of
the low-income population lacks access to the benefits of banking services. n19
Banks traditionally have avoided offering services to low-income borrowers
because they have perceived the risks involved greater than the potential
returns. n20 This Note will specifically discuss three common risks associated
with lending to low-income borrowers in developing countries.

   First, poor borrowers in developing countries are commonly perceived as
credit risks because banks are bereft of reliable credit information to screen
these borrowers. n21 Ideally, lenders gather as much information about a
potential borrower's creditworthiness as possible. n22 The more information a
lender obtains about a potential borrower, the easier it is to make a more
[*378]  accurate decision about whether to grant a loan and how to profitably
construct the terms of the loan if one is granted. n23 In developed countries,
lenders are afforded the luxury of credit histories, formal loan applications,
and in-person interviews to help predict the likelihood that a potential
borrower might default on a loan. n24 By contrast, most developing countries
have insufficient systems for collecting credit information, making credit
screening a difficult, inaccurate, and costly process. n25 Moreover,
interviewing a borrower in a developing country is usually not a cost-effective
option because many poor borrowers live in remote locations and are not readily
accessible in person or through the use of technology. n26 Thus asymmetry in
information regarding a borrower's creditworthiness significantly inhibits a
lender's ability to anticipate the probability of success or failure for a
particular loan, making lending more uncertain for the lender. n27

   For lenders serving poor borrowers in developing countries, risks of
defaulted loans are exacerbated because lenders are not afforded the option of
securing a loan with collateral in lieu of credit history information. n28
Especially in rural comm-unities, low-income borrowers possess "very little
capital, and even the capital they have is not easily secured, because property
rights are not always well-defined or formalized, and legal recourse is
typically unreliable and costly." n29 Consequently, banks cannot readily
safeguard themselves against defaulted loans. n30

   Second, banks are further discouraged from serving low-income customers in
developing countries because transaction and maintenance costs substantially
reduce profitability on small loans. n31 Deficiencies in nationwide technology
and infrastructure  [*379]  cause transaction and maintenance costs to draw a
greater percentage of a bank's potential profit on a loan. n32 Assuming
transaction and maintenance costs could be curbed, banks are also disheartened
by "the fact that it is inefficient for a commercial lender to deal in such
small amounts of money." n33 In developed countries, the difference between
transaction costs associated with a $ 100 loan and a $ 5000 loan is
insignificant. n34 Everything else being equal, the $ 5000 loan will be more
profitable for the lender than the $ 100 loan. n35 Thus, assuming there is a
market for large loans, banks will avoid issuing small loans to low-income
borrowers. n36

   Since these perceived risks cause banks to avoid poor communities, low-income
borrowers, particularly in rural areas where operating and establishing a bank
is costly, turn to loan sharks for money at financially-crippling interest
rates. n37 One commentator states that "low-income borrowers can gain easy
access to credit but at high cost, charging poor borrowers nominal monthly
effective interest rates that typically range from about 10 percent to more than
100 percent - many times the monthly effective rates of sustainable financial
institutions, which are usually 2-5 percent." n38 Consequently, low-income
borrowers are faced with the decision of whether to take out a loan at such a
high interest rate that they suffer financially from the loan's crippling cost,
or to avoid ever taking out a loan altogether. n39 Regardless of the choice,
low-income borrowers never grasp the opportunity to escape poverty and the need
for financial services in low-income communities remains unmet. n40

[*380]

   III. Microfinance

   A. Basics of Microfinance

 Because of the immense, unfulfilled need for banking services in low-income
communities, many policymakers have turned to microfinance to satisfy this high
demand. Microfinance provides a way for banks and other financial institutions
to extend small loans (commonly referred to as microloans) and other
financially-related services to low-income entrepreneurs, while limiting the
risks associated with serving low-income customers. n41 Risk-reducing
microfinance strategies include:



   superior information about borrowers to reduce risks given low or nonexistent
collateral; peer lending circles to serve as pre-screening devices to reduce
information asymmetry; joint liability contracts among borrowers to enforce
payment despite weak legal institutions; short-term loan contracts with regular
repayments to substitute for information; loan ladders that permit successful
borrowers to take out increasingly larger loans as incentives for repayment;
social networks and shaming to increase repayment rates; and a variety of other
substitutes for information, collateral, and legal enforcement to extend credit
to low-income borrowers without collateral assets. n42

 Increased profit margins captured by these strategies allow banks to offer
services previously unavailable to poor borrowers, n43 and  [*381]  thus, spur
business opportunities for low-income borrowers and increase the overall degree
of intermediation in an economy. n44

   B. The Administration of Microfinance Institutions

 The administration of microfinance services is commonly achieved through
microfinance institutions (MFIs). n45 MFIs, which number over 10,000 worldwide,
serve approximately 150 million people, and either governmental agencies,
charitable non-governmental organizations (NGOs), or commercial banks manage
them. n46 MFIs provide a variety of financially related services to the
"unbanked population," n47 including legal assistance, business consulting, and,
in some cases, health insurance. n48 The crucial financial service for most
MFIs, however, is the apportionment of small loans known as microloans. n49
Microloans are taken out by small businesses (microenterprises), which usually
consist of less than five people and are commonly organized as a sole
proprietorship or a family business, n50 in an amount that typically ranges from
$ 500 to $ 5000. n51 To offset the lending risks associated with low-income
borrowers, microloans possess interest rates higher than market interest rates
and shorter repayment periods. n52 Upon receipt of microloans, borrowers must
invest in business related investments such as office supplies rather than in
items of personal consumption. n53 Integral to the success of issuing microloans
as a method to cultivate economic growth is the  [*382]  assumption that "poor
people can be both reliable borrowers and avid entrepreneurs." n54

   C. Benefits and Basics of Microfinance

 Microfinance provides the bootstrap on which self-starting, low-income
borrowers can pull themselves up from poverty. n55 With the assistance of MFIs,
some low-income communities have demonstrated that they can "make the transition
from "every-day survival' to planning for the future." n56 MFIs around the world
have helped millions of people by distributing billions of dollars worth of
loans. n57 Bank Rakyat Indonesia, for instance, provided $ 1.7 billion in
microloans to approximately three million people, n58 and 30 million low-income
households obtained savings accounts through the bank. n59 As a result of access
to these financial services, borrowers from the Bank Rakyat Indonesia saw
household incomes grow by over twenty percent. n60 One study across MFIs
worldwide found that those impoverished citizens with access to a MFI were
twelve times more likely to surpass the poverty line over  [*383]  an eight-year
span. n61 Besides the financial benefits derived from access to banking
services, freedom from relying on governmental assistance or outside charity
also empowers low-income borrowers and their communities. n62 Beneficial social
consequences from microfinance, which have been particularly encouraging in
women, include a "positive impact on school attendance, increaseed gender
equality, reduced infant/child mortality, reduced maternal mortality, and
increaseed access to reproductive health." n63 Proponents of microfinance do not
suggest it is a cure-all for alleviating poverty, n64 but they do point to its
encouraging track record of economic and social growth. n65

   IV. Poverty Alleviation Versus Sustainability

 Providing financial services to communities that have been unable to access
these services in the past remains the general purpose of microfinance today.
Two conflicting views, however, have emerged as to how MFIs should concentrate
their efforts and resources. One view, mainly adopted by government and NGO n66
managed MFIs, argues that microfinance should focus principally on poverty
alleviation. n67 The other view, adopted by comercialized  [*384]  MFIs, posits
that MFIs should be profit-driven and that achieving financial sustainability is
the most effective way to spread financial services to the greatest number of
low-income individuals. n68

   A. The Goal of Poverty Alleviation

 Arguably the most notable microfinance model focusing on poverty alleviation is
the solidarity lending approach pioneered by Nobel Peace Prize winner Dr.
Muhammad Yunus through his work with the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh. n69 Pivotal
to the success of the solidarity lending approach is the use of social
coll-ateral. n70 In order to secure a loan, MFIs divide borrowers into groups
and require each group member to be responsible for the entire debt of the
group. n71 In essence, a social contract is formed whereby each group member
functions as a third-party beneficiary. n72 Creditors benefit from this form of
group lending because peer pressure among group members creates an incentive for
each member to be accountable for the loan. n73 As the group successfully repays
its loans and demonstrates reliability, the MFI increases its credit limit. n74

   The Grameen Bank currently provides loans to 7.39 million people across
Bangladesh. n75 While the Grameen Bank and MFIs like it have achieved general
success in mitigating poverty, these MFIs have had difficulty generating enough
capital to maintain self-sustainable institutions. n76 Professor Kenneth
Anderson noted  [*385]  that MFIs focusing on poverty alleviation "very rarely
succeed in covering costs; self-sustainability is much more the extraordinary
exception than the rule for microcredit organizations." n77 One reason for this
lack of success for institutions focusing on poverty alleviation rather than
profitability is that they offer below-market interest rates. n78 Below-market
interest rates insufficiently cover the high administrative costs of MFIs, which
range from "10 to 25 percent of their portfolios." n79 Offering charitable
interest rates may beneficially drive down rates in the informal financial
sector, but the lack of capital generated by these loans makes MFIs dependent on
outside sources of capital. n80 As a result, governments and NGOs are saddled
with the burden of non-performing loans and have to constantly inject capital
into these unprofitable MFIs to save them from their financial demise. n81 For
MFIs primarily focusing on poverty alleviation, microfinance quickly becomes a
subsidy program in disguise. n82 Though these unprofitable MFIs do benefit
low-income communities, their outreach can go only as far as their donor's
budget permits.

   B. The Goal of Profitability and Sustainability

 Microfinance, however, can alleviate poverty without converting into a welfare
program. For microfinance to meet the growing need for banking services in
low-income communities, striving for profitability offers policymakers the most
effective method to alleviate poverty, while still expanding the outreach of
microfinance services. n83 Proponents of a profit-driven approach to
microfinance argue that the supply and demand for financial  [*386]  services in
poor communities and the need to offset non-performing loans should dictate the
availability and costs of MFI services. n84 Central to the belief that MFIs can
achieve profitability is that low-income borrowers are capable of repaying
higher than market interest rates with the appropriate assistance and terms
provided by the lender. n85 Support for this belief has been demonstrated in
India, where several MFIs charged interest rates as high as fifty percent and
still retained a high repayment level and positive social benefits. n86 The
corollary effect of MFIs earning a profit from microloans is that they can
expand their services to a larger portion of the low-income population. n87
BancoSol in Bolivia is just one example of how cost-efficient MFIs can broaden
their services to a greater number of low-income individuals and still alleviate
poverty. n88 BancoSol now serves over 75,000 people and even issues dividends to
its shareholders. n89 Between 2002 and 2006, the amount of capital BancoSol
distributed each year rose from $ 80,917,000 to $ 164,155,000. n90 For a
developing country like China, embracing profitability as the goal for
microfinance may be the most effective way to alleviate poverty and increase
inter-mediation within their nascent banking industry.

   V. China and Microfinance

   A. China's Need for Microfinance Despite Recent Economic Success

 Just focusing on China's overall economic growth over the  [*387]  past thirty
years, n91 one would assume that it would have little need for microfinance.
Over this thirty-year span, it has emerged as an economic juggernaut, becoming
the world's second largest economy, behind only the United States. n92 China's
gross domestic product (GDP) grew at an average of roughly nine percent over the
last decade, thereby surpassing the majority of countries in the world. n93 This
upward trend seems to be continuing as China's GDP grew over eleven percent in
2006. n94 During this period of growth, China has slowly exchanged a planned
economic approach, which essentially allows the government to dictate the
economy, n95 for a more market-oriented approach, which permits market forces to
control the economy. n96 China's transformation has included: "the gradual
liberalization of prices, fiscal decentralization, increased autonomy for state
enterprises, the foundation of a diversified banking system, the development of
stock markets, the rapid growth of the non-state sector, and the opening to
foreign trade and investment." n97 Many commentators believe that China's move
toward a more market economy is the impetus behind its newly-minted economic
success. n98

   Amid China's rapid economic growth and transformation, some Chinese citizens
have failed to reap the benefits of its newly acquired wealth. n99 As China
moves from the rice fields to  [*388]  skyscrapers, approximately 60 million
citizens, the majority of whom still reside in rural areas, live below the World
Bank's standard of poverty of less than $ 1 a day. n100 The average annual
income among urban citizens is $ 1000, whereas the average annual income among
rural citizens is only $ 100. n101 A leading cause for this disparity in wealth
is that seventy-five percent of the rural population lacks access to banking
services. n102

   B. Current Financial Policy in Rural China

 The few rural citizens fortunate enough to access banking services obtain them
from one of two governmental agencies: the Agricultural Bank of China (ABC) and
Rural Credit Cooperatives (RCCs). n103 Out of China's four largest banks, the
ABC is the only one that significantly serves rural citizens. n104 It primarily
provides low-interest subsidization loans known as poverty alleviation loans.
n105 Poverty alleviation loans have not been profitable for the ABC and have
been a major reason why it has accrued over $ 100 billion in debt. n106 Since
the Chinese government announced its plans for ABC to issue an initial public
offering in the near future, the bank has been slowly transferring its resources
from small-scale, rural ventures into large-scale industrial ventures to gain
more profitability. n107 As the ABC continues to commercialize and to shed its
rural operations, an immense need for banking services  [*389]  is being left
behind in rural communities. n108

   To help fill this void, the Chinese government has appointed RCCs as the
chief means of delivering financial services to rural citizens. n109 RCCs are a
network of formal banking institutions similar to credit unions that concentrate
on supplying rural communities with financial services. n110 They were once a
subunit of the ABC, but after 1996, they became independent institutions under
the supervision of the PBC. n111 Since separating from the ABC, the number of
RCCs has grown to over 35,000, and they now account for approximately
eighty-five percent of China's agricultural loans. n112 Like the ABC, RCCs have
not been profitable in rural China n113 because caps on interest rates have
prohibited RCCs from compensating for the high operating costs in rural
communities. n114 As non-performing loans have mounted, RCCs have been forced to
depend on the government subsidies. n115 By 2001, forty-four percent of the
loans issued by RCCs were non-performing and over a quarter of the RCC system
was in such a financial crisis that the government had to bail them out. n116
The inadequacy of both the ABC and the RCC system has left many Chinese
policymakers calling for a more profit-driven approach. n117

[*390]

   C. China's Shift Toward Profitability

 The Chinese government recently has expressed an interest in adopting new
microfinance initiatives. n118 In 2006, President Hu Jintao recognized China's
wealth disparity and claimed that as China's economy continues to grow, it needs
"to repay its debt to the countryside." n119 As part of the government's focus
on improving access to financial services in rural communities, the government
has initiated pilot programs to experiment with different microfinance policies.
n120 One such program experiments with permitting foreign banks to fully serve
rural Chinese communities. n121 The experimental program's goal is to make rural
provinces more accessible for the commercial banking industry. n122 Hong Kong
and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC) recently became the first foreign bank
to launch microfinance services in rural China n123 and other major banks are
considering similar paths. n124 Just last quarter, Citibank, partnering with the
Grameen Bank for technical support, agreed to participate in the pilot program
and launch a rural branch. n125

   D. Foreign Banks in China

 Foreign banks have not always been able to freely operate branches in China. In
the past, China's "Big Four" - the Agricultural Bank of China, the Bank of
China, the China Construction Bank, and the Industrial and Commercial Bank of
[*391]  China - have dominated its banking sector. n126 Now, the Chinese banking
system also consists of policy banks, joint stock commercial banks, and urban
and rural cooperatives to compliment the Big Four. These alternative banks offer
specialized banking services to target citizens in specific geographical
locations. n127 Two Chinese regulatory entities hold the Big Four and policy
banks accountable: the People's Bank of China (PBC) and the China Banking and
Regulatory Commission (CBRC). n128 The PBC mainly formulates monetary policy,
whereas the CBRC mainly supervises China's banking system. n129

   Until recently, the PBC and CBRC have tightly monitored China's banking
system under a planned economic approach. n130 Beginning in 2001, however, this
trend changed because in exchange for admission to the World Trade Organization
(WTO), China agreed to allow foreign banks unrestricted access to its banking
industry by December 2006. n131 This included the removal of "all
"non-prudential' restrictions on the banking sector, including ownership and
operation restrictions." n132 For the first time in history, foreign banks could
establish extensive branch networks within China and serve Chinese citizens
directly in Chinese renminbi. n133

   Shortly after the WTO agreement in 2001, major investors saw equity
investments as the safest approach to break into  [*392]  China's banking system
and into the rest of China's economy. n134 Across all industries in 2003 and
2004, China obtained $ 53.5 billion and $ 60.6 billion in foreign direct
investment (FDI), respectively. n135 To demonstrate the magnitude of China's
FDI, India's FDI only reached $ 4.3 billion and $ 5.3 billion respectively over
the same years. n136 Notable foreign banks like Citigroup, HSBC, Bank of
America, and Wachovia initially acquired equity interests in the Big Four rather
than opening branches and having to decipher the PBC's and CBRC's complicated
regulatory schemes. n137 For instance, in 2003, Citibank acquired more than a
five percent interest in the Shanghai Pudong Development Bank for $ 72 million
with an option to increase its ownership stake to over twenty-four percent. n138
Similarly, in 2005, Bank of America acquired a nine-percent interest in the
Construction Bank of China. n139 As 2006 approached and China gradually opened
its doors on account of the WTO agreement, foreign banks began complimenting
their equity investments with the establishment of bank branches. n140 According
to the CBRC, seventy-four foreign banks had established branches in China as of
the end of 2006. n141 By creating branch networks and investing heavily in
Chinese banks, the major foreign banks are fighting for the best position to tap
China's $ 1.3 trillion in savings and 1.3 billion people. n142

[*393]

   VI. Encouraging Commercialization of Microfinance Through Policy Incentives
in the Post-WTO Accession Agreement Era

   A. Assets of Commercial Banks

 Although it may seem antithetical to imagine major foreign banks as a resource
for poverty mitigation, they may actually provide China the best opportunity to
meet its 900 million-person demand for financial services. Commercial banks
possess distinct advantages in their ability to "reach down" to low-income
communities and help the Chinese economy. n143 They have established and
streamlined management systems and, unlike the Chinese government, n144 a
history of expertise in market-driven economies. Commercial banks also possess
significant capital that may be utilized without regard to overarching
governmental policies. Despite China's gradual economic liberalization,
communist ideologies still bind domestic policy. n145 One reason for China's $
900 billion in non-performing loans is that Chinese banks are still hindered by
the government's social agenda. n146 Consequently, government capital is
inevitably susceptible to redistribution on account of public concerns like
natural disasters, education, and national security. In contrast, foreign banks,
free from the strictures of public policy concerns, could provide such a
significant level of capital so as to liberate the Chinese government from
paying millions of dollars worth of subsidies each year in rural China. A
derived benefit of private funding is that the Chinese government could
reallocate more of its resources to improve its financial infrastructure or to
other pressing matters.

   B. Incentives to Encourage Business in Rural China

 In order for the Chinese government to capitalize on the  [*394]  potential
benefits commercial banks could provide, it must ensure a greater prospect for
profitability. To do so, the Chinese government must furnish incentives for
commercial banks to make up for the reduction of profitability on account of the
asymmetry in credit information, deficiency in collateral, and high transaction
costs in rural China. n147 Two methods to lower these risks would be to
establish a comprehensive credit information system and to permit commercial
banks more leeway in setting interest rates. n148

   To narrow the asymmetry of information between banks and low-income
borrowers, the Chinese government should establish a uniform credit information
system consisting of comprehensive and updated information. n149 A collective
database of pertinent borrower information would greatly benefit commercial
banks because it would reduce the risk of lending to low-income borrowers
without commercial banks having to expend any capital. Several countries with
profitable track records in the microfinance industry have successfully
implemented similar public databases. n150 For instance, the Mexican government
created a network of financial institutions that allows the institutions to
efficiently share credit information. n151 Crucial to the success of a credit
information network is for the government to provide enough technology to
readily disperse the information and to provide comprehensive reports. The more
updated and transparent the information system, the more efficient commercial
banks will be in using their resources in rural China. n152

   In addition to creating an information infrastructure in rural China,
commercial banks must have more flexibility in  [*395]  setting interest rates.
As discussed above, interest rate caps have stifled profitability and led to
millions of non-performing loans. Though the CBRC currently provides RCCs some
leniency in setting interest rates higher, the interest rates are still not set
high enough to generate a profit. n153 The CBRC must find the equilibrium
between cost-efficient interest rates and those rates that will not ostracize
potential low-income borrowers. n154 Other countries have implemented interest
rate caps and have seen similar losses in profits. After the government
established a cap on interest rates for MFIs in Nicaragua, the profitability of
the average MFI fell from 30 percent to just over one percent. n155 By contrast,
banks in Indonesia have issued annual interest rates of over fifty percent
without reducing its outreach. n156 Even if MFIs have to charge higher interest
rates, the rates are still significantly lower than alternative rates in the
informal market. n157 Flexibility in establishing interest rates forces
competition among commercial banks and informal lenders, which may lead lenders
to lower interest rates and create better products for low-income communities.
n158

[*396]

   VII. Conclusion

 Despite China's overall economic growth, a disparity in wealth continues to
widen. China's current policy-driven initiatives for offering low-income
communities access to banking services have done little to lift rural citizens
from poverty. The failing policies have also left the Chinese government with
millions of non-performing loans. n159 As foreign banks flock to China, the
government needs to seize the opportunity to channel the resources that these
banks possess into microfinance initiatives in rural communities. n160 To do so,
the Chinese government must reduce the costs and risks associated with doing
business in rural China. n161 The Chinese government must entice commercial
banks, which are not known for their interest in serving low-income communities,
with the prospect for greater profits. n162 By building a nation wide network of
credit information and allowing flexibility in interest rates, the Chinese
government will not only modernize its own banking system, but also bridge the
financial gap between its rurally impoverished and its nouveau riche urban
population.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Contracts LawSecured TransactionsDefaultForeclosure & RepossessionEnforcement

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See generally Knowledge@wharton.com, Microfinance in China: Growth and
Struggle,
http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article.cfm?articleid=1471&specialid= 53
(2006) (last visited Nov. 18, 2007) (noting that a World Bank Report asserts
"that there [is] a strong link between weak access to credit and low incomes").





n2.  See Jameel Jaffer, Microfinance and the Mechanics of Solidarity Lending:
Improving Access to Credit Through Innovations in Contract Structure, 9 J.
Transnat'l L. & Pol'y 183, 183 (1999) (discussing, inter alia, how microfinance
is a feasible option for poverty alleviation by providing access to banking
services in rural communities).





n3.  See id. at 195-96.





n4.  See Aaron Jones, Note, Promotion of a Commercially-Viable Microfinance
Sector in Emerging Markets, 13 Geo. J. Poverty Law & Pol'y 187, 191 (2006).





n5.  See id.





n6.  See Microfinance Gateway, Microfinance in China: Re-awakening the Dragon,
http://www.microfinancegateway.org/content/article/detail/28015 (last visited
Nov. 18, 2007).





n7.  Id.





n8.  Id.





n9.  See Global Envision, Poverty Alleviation Through Microfinance in China,
Feb. 6, 2003,
http://globalenvision.org/index/php?fuseaction=library.view_details&category=4&i
temid=140.





n10.  See Knowledge@wharton.com, supra note 1.





n11.  See id.





n12.  See infra Part II.





n13.  See infra Part III.





n14.  See infra Part IV.





n15.  See infra Part V.





n16.  See infra Part VI.





n17.  See id.





n18.  See Michael S. Barr, Microfinance and Financial Development, 26 Mich. J.
Int'l L. 271, 275 (2004).





n19.  See Jones, supra note 4, at 189-91.





n20.  Id.





n21.  See Jaffer, supra note 2, at 188.





n22.  Id.





n23.  Id.





n24.  Yoko Miyashita, Microfinance and Poverty Alleviation: Lessons from
Indonesia's Village Banking System, 10 Pac. Rim. L. & Pol'y 147, 150 (2000).





n25.  Id.





n26.  See Jaffer, supra note 2, at 188.





n27.  See id.





n28.  See id.





n29.  Id. at 190.





n30.  Id.





n31.  See Kenneth Anderson, Microcredit: Fulfulling or Belying the Universalist
Morality of Globalizing Markets?, 5 Yale Hum. Rts. & Dev. L.J. 85, 99-100
(2002).





n32.  See id.





n33.  Id. at 100.





n34.  See id. at 99-100.





n35.  See id.





n36.  See id.





n37.  See Miyashita, supra note 24, at 153.





n38.  Marguerite S. Robinson, Microfinance Revolution: Sustainable Finance for
the Poor 7 (2001).





n39.  See id. at 6.





n40.  See id.





n41.  See Louise A. Howells, The Dimensions of Microenterprise: A Critique Look
at Microenterprise as a Tool to Alleviate Poverty, 9 J. Affordable Housing &
Community Dev. L. 161, 164 (2000).





n42.  Barr, supra note 18, at 279.





n43.  See id.





n44.  See Robinson, supra note 38, at 7-9.





n45.  See R.H. Tipton III, Note, Microenterprises and Microlending: The Missing
Piece in the Overall Tribal Economic Development Puzzle, 29 Am. Indian L. Rev.
173, 177 (2004/2005).





n46.  PlaNet Finance, Microfinance,
http://www.planetfinance.org/EN/microfinance-entreprise/microfinance-presentatio
n.php (last visited Nov. 21, 2007).





n47.  Id.





n48.  See id.





n49.  See Tipton, supra note 45, at 180.





n50.  Id.





n51.  Id. at 180-81.





n52.  Id.





n53.  See Jaffer, supra note 2, at 198.





n54.  BusinessWeek, Nobel Winner Yunus: Microcredit Missionary (Dec. 26, 2005),
available at http://www.businessweek.com/magazine/content/05_52/b3965024.htm;
see also Gail Buyske, Banking on Small Business: Microfinance in Contemporary
Russia 16 (2007) (explaining that one reason why poor borrowers have proven to
be reliable borrowers is that they "have only one chance to prove themselves.
Particularly in new markets, where only one MFI is operating, a potential
borrower - who typically has never had a formal loan before - has a unique
opportunity to raise his or her living standards.").





n55.  See Rashmi Dyal-Chand, Reflection in a Distant Mirror, Why the West Has
Misperceived the Grameen Bank's Vision of Microcredit, 41 Stan. J. Int'l L. 217,
231-32 (2005); see also Muhammad Yunus, Towards Creating a Poverty-Free World,
in Microfinance and Poverty: Contemporary Perspectives 26 (Farhad Hossain and
Zahidur Rahman eds., 2007) (stating that "giving the poor access to credit
allows them an ability to immediately put into practice the skills they already
know ... . And the cash earn is then a tool, a key that unlocks a host of other
abilities, a key to explore their own potential.").





n56.  Consultative Group to Assist the Poor, Frequently Asked Questions,
http://www.cgap.org/about/faq03.html (last visited Nov. 18, 2007).





n57.  See Barr, supra note 18, at 274.





n58.  See Hassan Zaman, Microfinance in Bangladesh: Growth, Achievements, and
Lessons, in Scaling Up Poverty Reduction: Case Studies in Microfinance 47
(2004), available at http://www.cgap.org/docs/CaseStudy_scalingup.pdf.





n59.  See Barr, supra note 18, at 283.





n60.  See id.





n61.  The Global Development Research Center, Microfacts: Data Snapshots on
Microfinance, http://www.gdrc.org.icm/data/d-snapshot.html (last visited Nov.
17, 2007).





n62.  See id.





n63.  Isobel Coleman, Issue and Policy: Defending Microfinance, 29 Fletcher F.
World Aff. 181, 185 (2005).





n64.  See Jones, supra note 4, at 194 (criticisms of microfinance include the
alienation of the poorest clients, a "mission drift" from poverty alleviation,
and corruption); see also David Hulme, Is Microdebt Good for Poor People? A Note
on the Dark Side of Microfinance (2000), reprinted in Microfinance: Evolution,
Achievements and Challenges 155-58 (Malcolm Harper ed., 2003) (arguing that many
MFIs fail to reach to poorest people).





n65.  See Miyashita, supra note 24, at 147-48.





n66.  In general, NGOs are "non profit entities whose members are citizens or
associations of a citizens of one or more countries and whose activities are
determined by the collective will of its members in response to the needs of the
members or one or more of the communities with which the NGO cooperates." Celia
R. Taylor, Microcredit as a Model: Critique of State/NGO Relations, 29 Syracuse
J. Int'l L. & Com. 303, 306 (2002).





n67.  See Robinson, supra note 38, at 1.





n68.  Id.





n69.  See Buyske, supra note 54, at 11.





n70.  See Dyal-Chand, supra note 55, at 223-26.





n71.  See id. at 225.





n72.  See id.





n73.  See Taylor, supra note 66, at 321.





n74.  See Dyal-Chand, supra note 55, at 225.





n75.  Grameen, Grameen Bank, http://www.grameen-info.org/bank/index.html (last
visited Dec. 29, 2007).





n76.  See Anderson, supra note 31, at 100-03. A sustainable MFI is "one that
could pay commercial cost for its funding without losing money." Robert Peck
Christen et al., Regulating Microfinance - the options (2000), reprinted in
Microfinance: Evolution, Achievements and Challenges 93 (2003).





n77.  Id.





n78.  See Miyashita, supra note 24, at 159.





n79.  See Christian, supra note 76, at 93.





n80.  See Robinson, supra note 38, at 95-97; see also Tazul Islam, Microcredit
and Poverty Alleviation 65 (2007) (stating that the informal financial sector
"includes the multitude of transactions, which can be contracted informally on
the commodities market, the labour market, and the financial market").





n81.  See Miyashita, supra note 24, at 160.





n82.  See Robinson, supra note 38, at 95.





n83.  See id. at 7.





n84.  84. See Henry R. Jackelen and Elisabeth Rhyne, Towards a More
Market-Oriented Approach to Credit Savings for the Poor (1991), reprinted in
Microfinance: Evolution, Achievements and Challenges, at 53 (Malcolm Harper ed.,
2003).





n85.  See id. at 87.





n86.  See Miyashita, supra note 24, at 159.





n87.  See Robinson, supra note 38, at 87.





n88.  See ACCION, http://www.accion.org/NETCOMMUNITY/Page.aspx?pid=666&srcid=493
(last visited Nov. 18, 2007).





n89.  Id. In 1997, BancoSol became the first MFI to issue dividends. Id.





n90.  Id.





n91.  See infra notes 92-93.





n92.  See Randall Peerenboom, Symposium: Legal Implications of a Rising China:
The Fire-Breathing Dragon and the Cute Cuddly Panda: The Implications of China's
Rise for Developing Countries, Human Rights, and Geopolitical Stability, 7 Chi.
J. Int'l L. 17, 17 (2006). This statistic is based on China's purchasing power
parity of $ 10.21 trillion in 2006. Central Intelligence Agency, World Fact
Book, https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/ch.html
(last visited Nov. 18, 2007).





n93.  See Microfinance Gateway, supra note 6.





n94.  See Central Intelligence Agency, supra note 92.





n95.  See id.





n96.  Berry Fong-Chung Hsu et al., Banking Liberalization and Restructuring in
Post-WTO China, 21 Banking & Fin. L. Rev. 23, 24 (2005).





n97.  See Central Intelligence Agency, supra note 92; see also Lan Cao, The Cat
that Catches Mice: China's Challenges to the Dominant Privatization Model, 21
Brook. J. Int'l L. 97, 110 (1995) (characterizing China's current economic
approach as "market socialism").





n98.  See Microfinance Gateway, supra note 6.





n99.  See Knowledge@wharton.com, supra note 1.





n100.  See id.





n101.  See AsiaMedia, China: Wealth Gap in China Becoming Dangerously Wide,
http://www.asiamedia.ucla.edu/article-eastasia.asp?parentid=30168 (Sept. 22,
2005) (last visited Nov. 18, 2007).





n102.  See Microfinance Gateway, supra note 6.





n103.  See The Microfinance Gateway, Rural Credit Cooperatives in China,
http://www.microfinancegateway.org/content/article/detail/28064 (last visited
Nov. 18, 2007) [hereinafter, Rural Credit].





n104.  See id; see also McCullough, infra note 126, at 423 (describing how
China's banking industry is dominated by the "Big Four").





n105.  See Rural Credit, supra note 103.





n106.  Phillip Lagerkranser, Agricultural Banks to Overhaul Rural Branches, Bad
Loans, Bloomberg.com, Oct. 11, 2005,
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601080&sid=a6ZLm59jCFg0&refer=asia.





n107.  See id.





n108.  See Microfinance Gateway, supra note 6.





n109.  See Rural Credit, supra note 103.





n110.  See id.





n111.  See id.





n112.  Fred Gale & Robet Collender, New Directions in China's Agricultural
Lending, Jan. 2006, http://ers.usda.gov/publications/WRS0601/WRS0601.pdf.





n113.  See Knowledge@wharton.com, supra note 1.





n114.  See id.





n115.  See Gale & Collender, supra note 112.





n116.  See id.





n117.  See, e.g., Cao, supra note 97, at 177 (stating that "Chinese provinces
have become progressively less willing to expend precious funds to subsidize
bankrupt state firms. The growth of markets and mounting pressures posed by
competition have meant that government intervention through subsidies is no
longer automatic. For example, Chinese provinces must now compete with one
another for acces to domestic and foreign capital. Since expenditures for
subsidies means that less money will be available to finance profitable and
invest-friendly ventures such as airports, telecommunications, and other
necessary infrastructure projects, subsidies as a solution to inefficiency have
progressively less appeal. The message to the state enterprises is, of course,
to look to the market and not to the government for financial salvation.").





n118.  Knowledge@Wharton, Can Rural Finance Take Root in China? About 750 People
Hope So, Aug. 29, 2007,
http://www.knowledgeatwharton.com.cn/index.cfm?fa=viewfeature&articleid=1699&lan
guageid=1.





n119.  Id.





n120.  See id.





n121.  Reuters, Citibank, Grameen Join China's Rural Banking Pilot, Oct. 27,
2007, http://www.reuters.com/article/companyNewsAndPR/idUSPEK689820071023.





n122.  Id.





n123.  Id.





n124.  See ChinaCSR, Rural Banking Opens Opportunities for HBSC, Aug. 14, 2007,
http://www.chinacsr.com/2007/08/14/1597-rural-banking-opens-opportunitiesfor
-hsbc.





n125.  See Reuters, supra note 121.





n126.  Daniel L. McCullough, Note, Feeling the Stones: Measuring the Potential
of Deposit Insurance in China Through Comparative Analysis, 11 N.C. Banking
Inst. 421, 423 (2007); see also Mitchell Silk & Richard Malish, Legal
Implications of a Rising China: Are Chinese Companies Taking Over the World?, 7
Chi. J. Int'l L. 105, 116 (2006) (noting that each member of China's "Big Four"
is "a Fortune Global 500 company and each is ranked among the top fifty world
banks").





n127.  See id.





n128.  Carol G. Liu, Note, New and Foreign Banking Markets: Scaling the Great
Wall: An Analysis of Foreign Banks' entry into China, 9 N.C. Banking Inst. 397,
398 (2005).





n129.  See id.





n130.  See Rural Credit, supra note 103.





n131.  Karen Halverson, China's WTO Accession: Economic, Legal, and Political
Implications, 27 B.C. Int'l & Comp. L. Rev. 319, 338 (2004).





n132.  Id. at 338.





n133.  The US-China Business Council, Foreign Investment in China, Apr. 2006,
http://www.usc hina.org/info/chops/2006/fdi.html. The renminbi is China's
official currency.





n134.  See id.





n135.  Id. The United States Business Council website notes that China's
Ministry of Commerce stopped publishing the country's FDI in 2005. Id.





n136.  Rohit Sachdev, Note, Comparing the Legal Foundations of Foreign Direct
Investment in India and China: Law and the Rule of Law in the Indian Foreign
Direct Investment Context, 2006 Colum. Bus. L. Rev. 167, 173-74 (2006).





n137.  See Rural Credit, supra note 103.





n138.  United States of America Department of Commerce, China,
http://www.buyusa.gov/china/en/bank.html (last visited Nov. 18, 2007).





n139.  The US-China Business Council, supra note 133.





n140.  See Du Xiaoshan, The Regulatory Environment for Microfinance in China,
Rural Development Institute, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Apr. 2005,
http://microfinancegateway.com/content/article/detail/25978.





n141.  See Bei Hu, Bloomberg, Banks in China Compete for Staff, Raise Wages
(Update 2), May 11, 2007,
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601089&sid=a_lQ6oQbuXyI&refer=china.





n142.  See Jack Jirak, Note, Equity Investments in Chinese Banks, A Doorway into
China's Banking Sector, 10 N.C. Banking Inst. 329, 329 (2006).





n143.  143. See Jones, supra note 4, at 211.





n144.  144. See Silk & Malish, supra note 126, at 111-12.





n145.  See Gale & Collender, supra note 112.





n146.  146. See Silk & Malish, supra note 126, at 115-18.





n147.  See Miyashita, supra note 24, at 150; see also Knowledge@wharton.com,
supra note 1 (stating that "the major bottleneck to the commercialization of
microlending is the lack of policies to encourage involvement by commercial
financial institutions, the failure to open the financial market to the private
sector, artificially low interest rates and the lack of a legal environment").





n148.  See Barr, supra note 18, at 288-90.





n149.  See Alexandra O'Rourke, Article, Public-Private Partnerships: The Key to
Sustainable Microfinance, 12 Law & Bus. Rev. Am. 179, 198 (2006).





n150.  Id.





n151.  See Jones, supra note 4, at 208.





n152.  See id.





n153.  See Gale & Collender, supra note 112.





n154.  See Knowledge@wharton.com, supra note 1.





n155.  See Amy Duval, The Impact of Interest Rate Ceiling on Microfinance, CGAP
Donor Brier, May 2004, http://microfinancegateway.org/files/2162853 (last
visited Nov. 18, 2007).





n156.  See Miyashita, supra note 24, at 159-60.





n157.  See O'Rourke, supra note 149, at 186 (noting that "in Bangladesh, the
commercial APR is between 10 and 13 percent, the MFI APR is approximately 20 to
35 percent, and the informal sources APR is approximately 180 to 240 percent...
. this example shows that while MFIs have to charge higher interest rates on
average, they are significantly preferable to rates charged in the informal
market"); see also Robinson, supra note 38, at 7 (stating that "even when real
(inflation adjusted) interest rates are used and borrowers transaction costs are
included, it is normally far less expensive to borrow from a commercial
microfinance institution than from a local moneylender").





n158.  See Robinson, supra note 38, at 7 (noting that "commercial microfinance
institutions can also offer much in-demand savings services that provide savers
with security, liquidity, and returns, a combination not generally available in
the informal sector").





n159.  See supra Part V.





n160.  See supra Part VI.





n161.  See id.





n162.  See id.


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2009 University of Iowa (Journal of
                                Corporation Law)
                         The Journal of Corporation Law

                                  Spring, 2009

                         THE JOURNAL OF CORPORATION LAW

                            34 Iowa J. Corp. L. 923

LENGTH: 13707 words

NOTE: INCREASING MICROLENDING POTENTIAL IN THE UNITED STATES THROUGH A STRATEGIC
APPROACH TO REGULATORY REFORM

NAME: Molly Richardson*

BIO: * J.D. Candidate, The University of Iowa College of Law, 2009; B.A. Whitman
College, 2003. I would like to thank Professor Enrique Carrasco for helping me
select the topic of this Note, and the past and present JCL board for all their
help editing the various drafts. I am also very grateful for my unfailingly
supportive family and for my wonderful law school friends. Thanks, also, to
Christopher Jerry, for his ideas, patience, and help with this Note. All errors
are my own.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Despite this international success, microcredit efforts in the United
States are nowhere near self-sufficient, face high default rates, and are not
meeting microentrepreneurs' needs.  ... Given the relative differences in the
formality of U.S. markets compared to developing countries' markets, scholars
suggest that U.S. microlending would be most successful if microlenders adopted
methods consistent with U.S. markets rather than try to mimic methods used in
developing countries.  ... This Part examines the various regulatory approaches
to microlending and critiques the possible regulatory reforms that scholars
suggest could help microlending institutions reach sustainability in the United
States.  ... Consequently, practitioners and scholars believe that rather than
hold MFIs to standards identical to those of commercial banks, regulations
should consider the fact that MFIs function differently than commercial banks in
accommodating low-income borrowers.  ... Amend Minimum Capital Holding
Requirements to Accommodate the Higher Risks Involved in Microlending Minimum
capital holding requirements, as described above in Part III, are another
impediment to commercial banks partnering with MFIs or offering microloans,
because they require banks to hold more capital against riskier loans.

TEXT:
 [*924]  I. Introduction

 After 30 years of lending money to poor people in developing countries to
encourage entrepreneurship, microfinance institutions (MFIs) have become
generally accepted in the international community. n1 The United Nations named
2005 the International Year of Microcredit. n2 President Bill Clinton sang its
praises. n3 Microlending has appealed to both liberals and conservatives in U.S.
government. n4 Muhammad Yunus, and the Grameen Bank he founded, were recently
given a Nobel Peace Prize, and Business Week named Yunus one of "The Greatest
Entrepreneurs of All Time." n5 Many international MFIs have become
self-sufficient and enjoy repayment rates in the high 90 percentages. n6
Microloans have supplied billions of dollars in small loans to millions of
people struggling to start and expand businesses. n7 Despite this international
success,  [*925]  microcredit efforts in the United States are nowhere near
self-sufficient, face high default rates, and are not meeting
microentrepreneurs' needs.

   This Note explains microlending in general, and then examines its
implementation in the United States. It then analyzes why U.S. MFIs have not
reached self-sufficiency at the same levels as international MFIs. Next, this
Note examines the various proposals different scholars and practitioners have
offered to address the limitations of microcredit in the United States. This
Note next recommends the most promising solutions, which center on regulatory
reform. The proposed regulatory reforms aim to strengthen the sustainability of
microlending in the United States. The Note then offers a practical political
strategy to implement these reforms - something largely missing from academic
literature on microlending in the United States.

   II. Background

 This Part explores the history of microcredit, both abroad and in the United
States. It then explains U.S. microlending in more detail, and outlines the
demand for more sustainable microlending practices in the United States.
Finally, this Part explores the U.S. regulations that most directly affect
microlending practices.

   A. A Brief History of Microcredit and Its Success in Developing Countries

 Since their inception in the 1970s, MFIs have offered economic opportunities to
poor people, in part by lending small amounts of capital to borrowers who use it
to fund their small businesses. n8 MFIs generally lend to microbusinesses, which
are businesses with five or fewer employees. n9 MFIs offer many different
services, n10 but this Note focuses specifically on the microlending function of
MFIs. This Part will briefly explain the process and history of international
microlending.

   1. Functions and Effects of International Microlending

 Commercial banks in developing countries generally serve less than 20% of the
population. n11 Microcredit institutions step in to fill the void in the lending
market by offering small loans, ranging from roughly $ 10-$ 1000, to poor people
attempting to start businesses. n12 The borrowers are people to whom traditional
financial institutions will not lend because of the high transaction costs and
high risks associated with lending to microentrepreneurs. n13 Borrowers' incomes
and quality of living often increase as a result  [*926]  of receiving these
loans. n14 The duration of the loan is typically less than two years, and
microlenders usually require that the loan be used for productive capital
purposes rather than consumption. n15 Acceptable uses include purchasing raw
materials and supplies like food ingredients, sewing machines, or more recently,
cell phones - materials necessary to start and expand the business operation.
n16

   Microlending institutions typically do not require borrowers to give
collateral or undergo credit checks, but instead rely on alternative methods to
reduce risks associated with lending. n17 For example, the Grameen Bank n18
relies on peer lending circles. n19 These lending circles use social pressure to
encourage borrowers to repay, since, in some cases, the group has joint
responsibility for the loan or cannot obtain another loan until one borrower has
repaid. n20 Other methods include information gathering about a potential
borrower, joint liability contracts, short term contracts, or "loan ladders,"
which increase subsequent loan amounts after each repayment. n21

   2. Microlending's History and Successes

 In its relatively short history, microcredit has reached a vast number of poor
people in over 100 developing countries throughout South and Central America,
Africa, and Asia. Between 1997 and 2006, ACCION International (ACCION), n22 a
premier microfinance organization, lent $ 12.3 billion to 4.94 million people,
with a repayment rate of 97%. n23 Similarly, the Grameen Bank loaned more than $
750 million in a two-year period, with a 97% rate of repayment. n24 Such high
repayment rates show that many international MFIs have reached self-sufficiency.
n25

   ACCION and Muhammad Yunus, founder of the Grameen Bank, claim to have both
independently pioneered the concept of microcredit. n26 In the early 1970s,
ACCION  [*927]  volunteers struggled to address the high unemployment rates in
South American cities. n27 Unemployed urban poor in these cities started their
own enterprises selling hand-woven belts, handmade pots, or vegetables. n28
ACCION staff observed that local loan sharks charged the entrepreneurs
outrageous interest rates, which usually left borrowers broke. n29 In response,
ACCION offered small loans with lower interest rates to small business owners,
thus "launching the field of microcredit." n30

   Around the same time, economist Muhammad Yunus was exploring the potential
for small loans to ease poverty in developing countries. n31 In 1976, Yunus was
a professor and head of the Rural Economics Program at the University of
Chittagong. n32 As part of his research with the program, he initiated a project
to study the "possibility of designing a credit delivery system to provide
banking services targeted at the rural poor." n33 After seeing the effects
unemployment and poverty had in Bangladesh, he loaned $ 27 to a group of women
who made bamboo furniture. n34 Based on their success and subsequent repayment,
he expanded this concept of microlending and eventually formed the Grameen Bank,
a nongovernmental organization (NGO). n35 In 1983, Bangladeshi legislation made
the Grameen Bank Project an independent bank. n36 Currently, 90% of the bank's
shares are owned by borrowers, and 10% are owned by the government. n37 Today,
the Grameen Bank extends loans to nearly two million borrowers in Bangladesh.
n38

   During the 1970s, NGOs and donor groups began to offer microcredit in
developing countries. n39 NGOs and donor groups still make up the majority of
microlenders, but the number of commercial microcredit providers is increasing.
n40 Commercial suppliers range from commercial banks that modify their
traditional lending practices, to credit unions, to commercialized NGOs that
become licensed as financial institutions. n41 For example, the Postal Savings
Banks represent a typical MFI - they reach poor rural areas by locating offices
in rural postal offices. n42 Postal Savings Banks operate similarly to
traditional commercial banks, except that they offer more flexible loan terms.
n43 Most MFIs seek grants from international development banks and the
government, and many are starting to solicit private investors in an effort to
reach self-sufficiency. n44

[*928]

   3. Microlending and the Market

 Some scholars and practitioners have debated whether microlending occurs within
or outside the market - whether the practice of microlending has "embraced
market mechanisms or has ... elaborated other disciplinary mechanisms." n45 Some
see MFIs as working within the existing global market, while others see MFIs as
creating their own "faux markets for the poor." n46 Some have questioned whether
MFIs would be necessary at all if traditional lending institutions found lending
to the poor to be profitable. n47 Since microlending processes - supplying
capital and requiring repayment - involve market principles, however, and not
government subsidies, this Note examines microlending within the market
framework. Under this perspective, microlending occurs in a capitalistic,
efficient system and not in a vacuum. Further, many MFIs have found microlending
to be a profitable enterprise. For example, the microlending division of Bank
Rakyat Indonesia reported $ 200 million in profits, n48 and the Grameen Bank
reported $ 20 million in profits for 2006. n49

   Within this market context, microloans seem to be a hybrid of both banking
and venture capital principles. n50 MFIs utilize banking terms like credit,
interest rates, and rates of return. n51 Like banks, MFIs require fixed interest
rates and do not take any portion of the borrower's profits. n52 But in
practice, microlending often resembles venture capital lending, in which lenders
make riskier loans and more closely monitor and manage the borrower's use of the
loan. n53 As this Note explores in Part IV, consciously identifying where MFIs
fit within this divide could help MFIs become more sustainable, to the extent
they can select successful practices in both banking and venture capital. n54

   Some critics argue that microlending's success has been exaggerated, noting
that microcredit does not reach all poor people who need loans. n55 Studies on
MFI sustainability vary: one study showed that only about 70 MFIs, or one
percent of MFIs worldwide, are sustainable, n56 while other studies indicate
that roughly 30% of MFIs are sustainable. n57 Some studies have questioned the
statistics indicating high repayment rates and argue that lenders are justified
in requiring traditional collateral because such loans are risky. n58 Despite
these concerns, microloans have given millions of struggling  [*929]
entrepreneurs the funds to start or expand successful businesses, and many
lending institutions are self-sustaining. n59 Even if the current majority of
MFIs are not self-sustaining, many of the strongest MFIs are moving toward that
goal. n60 One reason MFIs are not self-sufficient is that the commercialization
of MFIs is a relatively recent trend. n61 Microcredit programs are not a
cure-all, but few critics can point to programs that have done more to alleviate
poverty and generate capital in developing countries.

   B. Background on Microcredit in the United States

 Despite microcredit's prevalence and success in many developing countries,
efforts to promote entrepreneurship through microcredit among poor people in the
United States have been less successful. n62 Less than one percent of
microentrepreneurs in the United States have received microloans to date. n63
U.S. MFIs have failed to reach the level of self-sufficiency that many
international MFIs have attained. n64 Default rates are higher on U.S.
microloans. n65 U.S. markets are more saturated than those in developing
countries and provide fewer opportunities for entrepreneurs to pursue. n66 This
Part provides a brief history and explanation of microcredit in the United
States.

   1. History and Overview of Microlending in the United States

 Microcreditors began lending in the United States in the 1980s and modeled
their lending, in part, after programs used by ACCION and the Grameen Bank. n67
MFIs in the United States expanded during the 1990s, leading to a presence of
nonprofit lenders in all 50 states, as well as state associations and a national
trade association. n68 U.S. MFIs are generally nonprofit organizations rather
than commercial institutions. n69 Microloans are usually made in amounts under $
25,000, and the average microloan is for $ 10,000. n70  [*930]  Unlike efforts
in developing countries, U.S. microlending typically does not involve peer
lending groups, a method that has contributed to microlending successes
internationally. n71 A 2002 report identified 650 microfinance organizations in
the United States, comprised of MFI-focused groups like ACCION USA, credit
unions, and centers at universities. n72 ACCION USA has loaned over $ 100
million to 10,000 borrowers in the last 14 years. n73 The average loan is
roughly $ 4500, with a five percent cumulative loss rate. n74 The average cost
recovery (the cost of covering all expenses associated with the loan) for the
MFI-focused organizations is 49%. n75

   Currently, the U.S. microcredit field faces numerous challenges. Recessions
have resulted in job losses, which in turn result in more people becoming
self-employed. This presents an opportunity for microlenders. But at the same
time, financial assistance to microlenders has dropped, due to the Bush
Administration's lack of interest in microlending, limited federal funds, and
donors who have started limiting their contributions to microcredit
institutions. n76

   2. Microentrepreneurs and the Need for Microcredit in the United States

 Though MFIs have not reached large portions of the U.S. population, the need
for their services is great. n77 Many microentrepreneurs cannot successfully
obtain loans through traditional banking institutions, in part because they lack
the credit history most banks require. n78 Although microbusinesses are
difficult to track, one study claims that there are around 13.1 million
microentrepreneurs in the United States. n79 Of those 13.1 million
microentrepreneurs, 10.8 million have never received a loan for their business.
n80 Most traditional commercial banks do not lend to people without sufficient
credit history or collateral, which many microentrepreneurs do not have. n81

   Though the need for microloans is great, MFIs in the United States fall short
of filling this void. This is true, in part, because MFIs are not
self-sufficient. n82 While ACCION USA, one of the most prominent U.S.
microlenders, has been lending in the United States for over ten years, its
"goal of creating programs that are financially self-sufficient is still
illusory." n83 ACCION defines "self-sufficiency" as the ability to generate
[*931]  enough revenue from lending to cover operation costs. n84 In the United
States, ACCION is just 25%-63% self-sustaining, where 100% represents fully
self-sustaining lending. n85

   3. Regulation of Microcredit in the United States

 Nonprofit microlenders in the United States are largely unregulated. n86 Beyond
general IRS regulations for nonprofits and state small business and consumer
laws, U.S. nonprofit microlenders face no regulations. n87 Congress and lending
organizations have started to establish some accreditation standards, and MFIs
have to undergo a certification process and become a Community Development
Financial Institution in order to receive federal funds. n88 For microcreditors
to meet the needs of microentrepreneurs, Congress must promulgate regulations
focused on reducing transaction costs, as this Note explores in Part III.

   Commercial banks that partner with MFIs are still subject to traditional
banking regulations. Under these regulations, two of the major impediments to
U.S. MFIs reaching sustainability or profitability are interest rate ceilings
and the possibility of excessive interest rates without interest rate caps. n89
Interest rate ceilings limit banks' ability to raise revenue, which obviously
limits a MFI's ability to be self-sustaining. n90 However, to completely abolish
ceilings and charge excessive interest rates to the poor not only looks
unseemly, n91 but also risks breaking usury laws. In the United States, each
state has usury laws that limit the interest rates lenders can charge on certain
types of loans. n92 These laws apply to lending in various areas, but in the
area of small business loans, states enact usury laws to protect borrowers from
interest rates that put too great a burden on borrowers. n93 To fall within most
states' legal requirements, a lender can charge up to a ten percent interest
rate. n94 Higher interest rates would help microlenders cover all the costs
associated with smaller loans that are considered more risky, and thereby reach
profitability. n95

   Some MFIs, like ACCION, have had success partnering with banks, in part
because of the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) of 1977. n96 When banking
industry regulators rank banks, the CRA requires them to consider whether the
banks offer  [*932]  services in low-income communities. n97 Congress passed the
CRA, in part, because the government could not maintain certain community
programs without help from the private sector. n98 The CRA encourages banks to
serve "the credit needs of its community." n99 The CRA has resulted in more
lending to "traditionally un-banked groups," but it also faces significant
limitations in lending to low-income borrowers. n100 The CRA and microlending
share common goals of meeting financial needs of poor people, and these CRA
provisions could be addressed through microcredit institutions and the services
they offer to low income communities. n101

   Capital holding requirements, which require banks to hold a certain amount of
capital against each loan they distribute, directly affect commercial banks'
involvement with microlending. n102 Generally, the more risky the loan, the
greater the amount of capital a bank must hold. n103 The Basel Capital Accord
(Basel I), promulgated by a group of central banks and supervisory authorities
in different countries, known collectively as the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision, sets standards for banks internationally, as well as in the United
States. n104 Basel I requires that banks have available as regulatory capital at
least eight percent of their risk-weighted assets (loans, for example) and
"asset-equivalent off-balance-sheet exposures" (loan commitments, for example).
n105 Assets in this case are determined by assessing the type of risk the loan
presents; the higher the risk, the greater the bank's minimum capital
requirement. n106 Such requirements serve as an impediment to banks making loans
they might consider high-risk. Many in the banking industry are pushing for
reforms to Basel I, n107 and banking agencies in the United States will most
likely adopt the proposed New Basel Capital Accord, or Basel II. n108 Basel II
focuses on adjusting minimum capital requirements so they accommodate the bank's
ability to manage risk. n109

   C. Differences Between U.S. and International Microcredit Markets

 Microlending's success in developing countries and relative lack of success in
the United States can, in many ways, be attributed to differences between the
markets in developed and developing nations. n110 Rashmi Dyal-Chand, assistant
professor of law at Northeastern University School of Law, argues that
microlenders in developing countries  [*933]  have been more successful because
their markets are much less formal than U.S. markets. n111 This informality
allows "quicker, easier, and deeper penetration of the market by new entrants."
n112 Since business structures are generally less formal in developing
countries, entrepreneurs often do not have to invest as much into formal
transaction instruments like written contracts. n113 These market differences
suggest that U.S. microentrepreneurs need more market-specific information,
including whether a business idea would be financially viable given the current
market, in order for their business endeavor to be successful. n114 In contrast,
developing countries have a greater need for many different types of
enterprises, causing microentrepreneurs to worry less about market saturation.
n115

   1. Logistical Limitations

 Several logistical limitations increase the transaction costs of microlending
in the United States. First, the high costs required to collect qualifying
information on potential borrowers and to enforce repayment once a borrower
qualifies impede sustainability. n116 Microlenders have high financial
investments because most borrowers do not have traditional collateral. n117
Second, because borrowers have so few assets, microlenders cannot enforce
repayment through asset foreclosure, which otherwise provides a relatively
efficient means of enforcing repayment. n118 Finally, U.S. usury laws prevent
banks from charging interest rates similar to international MFIs. n119 For
example, the Grameen Bank charges higher interest rates in Bangladesh than MFIs
can charge in the United States. n120

   2. Theoretical Limitations

 Beyond logistical limitations, microlenders and scholars point to other
theoretical limitations on microlending in the United States. Generally, poor
people without credit histories have limited knowledge about how the credit
market works and how to most effectively participate in the market. n121 Most
microlenders in developing countries have addressed this issue n122 while
microlenders in the United States have not. n123

   Given the relative differences in the formality of U.S. markets compared to
developing countries' markets, scholars suggest that U.S. microlending would be
most successful if microlenders adopted methods consistent with U.S. markets
rather than try  [*934]  to mimic methods used in developing countries. n124 For
example, some scholars have recommended the "formalization of credit
transactions" so that the loan agreement consists of a "clear and unambiguous
written contract." n125 Proponents of formalized microloan transactions argue
that "the more objective and simple that document is, the easier it should be to
enforce, and the more transparent and efficient the loan transaction should be."
n126 To fully understand the impediments to U.S. MFI sustainability, and
possible solutions, this Note provides further analysis below.

   III. Analysis

 Many scholars and microcredit practitioners have analyzed microcredit's
limitations in the United States and offered potential solutions to increase
microlenders' ability to make more successful loans. n127 Most proposals center
on making MFIs self-sustaining through regulatory reforms encouraging commercial
banks to partner with microlending organizations. n128 This Part examines the
various regulatory approaches to microlending and critiques the possible
regulatory reforms that scholars suggest could help microlending institutions
reach sustainability in the United States.

   A. Current Regulations Affecting Microlending

 Although the field of microlending is largely unregulated in the United States,
n129 community banking, usury, and capital regulations directly impact
microcredit's success. This Part analyzes the three major regulations affecting
microlending. First, many practitioners and legal scholars have explored the
relationship between the CRA and increasing microlending's profitability. n130
Second, laws capping interest rates directly impact microlending practices. n131
The third and least explored regulations are minimum capital holding
requirements. n132

   1. The Community Reinvestment Act

 Some observers have looked to the CRA to encourage more successful U.S.
microlending. n133 The CRA's goals are similar to those of microlenders in that
the CRA encourages banks to serve "the credit needs of its community," n134 as
diverse as those needs may be. The CRA has resulted in some increased lending to
"traditionally un-banked groups," such as poor people, but it has not lifted all
the limitations on lending to  [*935]  low-income borrowers. n135 The CRA and
microlending also have common goals of meeting the financial needs of poor
people, so CRA provisions, to that end, could be met through microcredit
institutions. n136 Because both the CRA and MFIs are empowered to serve low
income people, microcredit "clearly fits into an effective CRA compliance
strategy." n137 Congress has empowered the CRA to maintain profitable community
banking. n138 U.S. MFIs are attempting to reach profitability and
self-sufficiency. With these shared goals, partnerships between microlenders and
community banks seem to be mutually re-enforcing.

   Legal scholars and practitioners have suggested that CRA regulators can take
steps to encourage these partnerships, which would likely strengthen
microlending's sustainability. n139 All FDIC-insured banks are covered by the
CRA. n140 Banks get "credit" for engaging in community banking activities that
show they are complying with the CRA. n141 CRA regulators can give credit toward
compliance to banks that create microcredit programs. n142 This would create
incentives to commercialize microlending, and ideally allow these microlenders
to remain profitable and self-sustaining after the initial institutional support
from the CRA. n143

   2. Interest Rate Regulations

 Current interest rate caps, known as usury laws, which most states establish,
present significant obstacles to MFI sustainability. n144 Most notably, interest
rate caps limit the amount of interest an institution can charge a borrower.
n145 These interest rate caps were generally designed for traditional lending
institutions like commercial banks, so they do not cover the unique transaction
costs associated with microloans. n146 Some microlending organizations have
successfully partnered with commercial banks to increase their lending
potential. n147 Interest rate caps limit the amount of money banks can raise,
and impede the microlending operations' chances of reaching self-sufficiency.
n148 One bank indicated that it offered microcredit because the state eased
interest rate caps. n149 Another author noted that among the most important
things the government can do to promote  [*936]  profitable microlending is "to
avoid interest[]rate caps that prevent MFIs from covering their costs and
operating sustainably." n150

   Further, some scholars have pointed out that interest rate caps, in general,
"tend to have market-distorting, detrimental effects on financial sector
development and therefore should be avoided." n151 Although this sentiment is
not specific to microcredit, it supports the argument that, in some cases,
interest rates should account for the field they are regulating. With the
current microcredit market restrictions, lenders must choose between setting
interest rates high enough to compensate for risky borrowers, or setting lower
interest rates and rationing credit. n152 This choice is not ideal for
microlenders. One solution scholars have suggested involves increasing
information gathering to assess the extent of the borrower's risk, and then
assign interest rates accordingly. n153 Another solution is to exempt
microlenders from interest rate caps, or set a higher rate for MFIs than
traditional banks, accounting for MFIs' unique transaction costs, which this
Note considers further in Part IV.

   Exempting microlenders from traditional usury laws that cap interest rates is
a solution that raises its own set of problems. Indeed, one reason ACCION began
offering small loans to poor entrepreneurs was because of the high interest
rates loan sharks were charging. n154 Predatory lending is a pervasive problem,
and an exception for microlenders could allow predatory lenders to take
advantage of first-time borrowers who do not know the difference. Charging
higher interest rates to people who are often struggling financially also, quite
simply, "looks bad." n155 However, regulators could find a middle ground where
interest rates are not capped at a point that stifles profitability, but are
also not so high that repayment is an impossibility. Further, microlenders could
incorporate the slightly higher interest rates into loans in a way that would
not deter poor borrowers or hinder their repayment.

   3. Capital Holding Requirements

 Capital holding requirements present another obstacle to U.S. microlenders
reaching sustainability. n156 As described above in Part II.B.3, the Basel
Accord I governs U.S. capital holding requirements. High capital requirements
often stabilize the market by ensuring institutions can withstand financial
hardship, n157 but high capital requirements also deter microlending. n158
Because microlending is considered risky by traditional lending standards,
capital requirements demand "disproportionately large investments for
small-scale projects," like MFIs. n159 These requirements make it difficult for
MFIs to  [*937]  raise money because investors often require microlending
institutions to put up ten percent of the capital required, an amount they
cannot always produce. n160 One scholar believes that when capital requirements
reach five million dollars, most microlenders likely will not be able to make
the necessary investment and will not be able to continue to lend. n161

   To lessen the burden capital holding requirements place on MFIs,
practitioners and legal scholars argue that regulators should exempt MFIs from
high minimum capital requirements. n162 The rationale for exempting MFIs from
the requirements - or providing an alternate and more accommodating holding
requirement - is based on MFIs' ability to meet a market need that commercial
banks largely ignore. n163 Consequently, practitioners and scholars believe that
rather than hold MFIs to standards identical to those of commercial banks,
regulations should consider the fact that MFIs function differently than
commercial banks in accommodating low-income borrowers. n164

   These regulatory reforms offer a promising opportunity for U.S. MFIs to reach
sustainability. However, for Congress or practitioners to enact these reforms,
microlending advocates and practitioners need to strategically advocate for
reform. To do this, reformers need to forge broad political coalitions with
groups that have common goals. These groups can range from those in the banking
community, to antipoverty activists. In Part IV, this Note considers the most
promising reforms for the government and industry to enact, and the most
realistic ways of enacting them.

   IV. Recommendations

 For microlending to become sustainable in the United States, practitioners and
advocates need to enact reforms at both regulatory and theoretical levels. The
two main regulation-based solutions are exempting MFIs from interest rate
ceiling requirements n165 and amending minimum capital requirements to
accommodate the unique role microlenders fill in the market. n166 At a more
theoretical level, microcredit practitioners need to be conscious of the
differences between the microcredit model in developing countries with less
formal market structures, and in the more developed U.S. markets. Microcredit
practitioners must then consider the most effective ways to configure
microlending within the formal structures of U.S. markets. Further,
practitioners need to approach legislative reform in a strategic way - in
partnership with influential private and public bodies.

   A. Promising Regulatory Reforms to U.S. Microlending

 The sections below consider the two possible legislative reforms discussed
above in more detail. Usury laws and minimum capital requirements serve
important purposes in the financial sector. Although reforms in these areas
would be complicated, enacting  [*938]  exceptions to these regulations is
practically possible. Certainly reforms would have to address a number of
exceptions. Were microlenders to receive exemptions, other lenders, lacking
microlenders' good intentions, could turn these exceptions into loopholes that
exploit first-time lenders. Therefore, reforms should center on providing legal
and regulatory incentives for microlenders to focus efforts on building
sustainable microenterprise, and regulators should carefully evaluate each
lending institution applying for exemption based on the requirements below.

   1. Exempt Microlenders from Interest Rate Caps

 Charging higher interest rates would help microlenders cover all the costs
associated with smaller loans and reach profitability. Banks' partnership with
microlenders is one of the most promising ways for MFIs to reach sustainability
and profitability. To accommodate this partnership, states should allow
exceptions for commercial banks partnering with microlending institutions, and
should permit these institutions to charge slightly higher interest rates to
cover the higher costs associated with microloans.

   States set the statutory maximum interest rates most lending institutions can
charge on loans. n167 National legislation preempts state usury laws, and allows
a national bank to set interest rates slightly above the Federal Reserve rate.
n168 State's interest rates are generally capped around 5%-12%. n169 The Grameen
Bank charges 20% interest for income-generating microloans. n170 State usury
laws should allow banks partnered with certified MFIs to charge interest rates
closer to 20%, or a number that practitioners collectively agree would cover the
microloan's transactional costs. The legislation should require qualifying banks
to undergo a rigorous screening process to ensure they are legitimate
microlenders who make loans to low-income people who otherwise would not
qualify. Further, regulators should have to ensure that these microlending
institutions have a business plan in which the higher interest rates directly
lead them to become self-sufficient and profitable.

   2. Amend Minimum Capital Holding Requirements to Accommodate the Higher Risks
Involved in Microlending

 Minimum capital holding requirements, as described above in Part III, are
another impediment to commercial banks partnering with MFIs or offering
microloans, because they require banks to hold more capital against riskier
loans. Reform in this area looks promising, n171 but regulators should ensure
that the changes they enact most favorably accommodate U.S. microlenders by
allowing flexibility in holding requirements. MFIs  [*939]  serve a sector of
the market that traditional commercial lending cannot. n172 Therefore, loosening
minimum capital holding requirements for MFIs is a common-sense approach.
Further, as international statistics indicate, many MFIs abroad enjoy high
repayment rates and are not always as risky as many people perceive. n173

   The proposed Basel II, which is likely to become the new governing body for
minimum capital requirements, appears to be more accommodating to nontraditional
lending. Some of the proposed reforms in Basel II include linking the actual
risk a bank takes more closely to the amount of required capital. n174 While
microlending in the United States is still relatively immature and in the
process of becoming more sustainable, lenders cannot accurately determine the
actual risk level of the microloan. Capital holding requirements should be
sensitive to this situation.

   MFIs and commercial banks that partner with MFIs should undergo a stringent
certification process to ensure the legitimacy of their microlending operations.
Once they are determined to be actual microlenders, Basel II should allow U.S.
microlenders to hold smaller amounts of capital than usually required for such
"higher risk" loans. This makes sense because (1) the loans might not be as
risky as anticipated, and (2) the high (ten percent) capital requirements
prevent banks from partnering with MFIs and therefore prevent MFI
self-sufficiency. This self-sufficiency is imperative if microlending is to be a
viable method of offering capital to poor people in the United States.

   3. Adopt Microlending Methods Consistent with the Realities of the U.S.
Market

 First, from a theoretical approach, microlenders should think critically about
the differences between markets in developing countries and in the mature, post
industrial U.S. market. Microlending practices should conform to the U.S. market
where possible, and not simply mimic methods used in developing countries. In
the more formalized U.S. market, the informal approaches used in developing
countries might not be what microlenders need to reach self-sufficiency and
successfully collect loan repayments. For example, the social pressure to repay
loans in rural areas of developing countries does not have the same effect in
large, more anonymous, urban centers. n175 Further, informal repayment practices
contradict U.S. enterprise law. n176 Rather than joint and several liability,
U.S. law has "allowed a wider range of entities to operate with limited
liability of owners from demands of their creditors through such trends as the
development of limited liability companies." n177

   Pursuing formal legal proceedings to collect repayment is inefficient because
of the relatively small dollar amount of each loan. n178 Instead, MFIs can
encourage repayment through the threat of denying future loans to borrowers.
n179 U.S. microlending cannot  [*940]  simply mimic methods used by the Grameen
Bank and other lending organizations in developing countries. Rather, U.S. MFIs
have to pick and choose microcredit practices that will work in the United
States, and reconfigure those that will not, even if those methods have proved
successful in international microlending.

   B. How Microlending Reformers Can Most Effectively Enact the Desired Reforms

 Microcredit as a concept and practice has attracted wide appeal. Microlending
is appealing as a private market concept because it generates economic activity
in otherwise stagnant low-income sectors. It is appealing to social activists
because it decreases poverty and gives poor people meaningful economic
opportunities. Although many scholars and practitioners have written about
possible reforms and means by which U.S. microlenders can become
self-sustaining, Congress has not implemented any meaningful reforms. Advocates
can convince Congress to implement the microlending reforms explored above if
advocates are strategic in their approach and establish a political plan
involving lobbying and coalition-building efforts.

   In order for members of Congress or state legislators to introduce and enact
usury reforms and minimum capital requirement exemptions, they have to be
convinced that microlending is worth improving. For elected officials from both
parties to understand the value of microlending, they have to consider it in
both broader market and poverty-alleviation contexts. The best way to approach
political and community leaders is to present microlending reforms both in the
context of the market, emphasizing that microlending makes good business sense,
and in the light of microlending decreasing poor people's reliance on government
assistance. For politicians to view microlending in those frameworks, advocates
of microlending have to forge a broad coalition of groups with a stake in
microlending. To maximize the success of both approaches, the coalition
presenting these reforms should be broad and include members from the
traditional banking sector, the nonprofit MFI sector, antipoverty activists, and
prominent community leaders who support microlending.

   1. Presenting Microlending in a Market Context

 As explored above, MFIs offer economic opportunities to people who the
traditional market does not and simply cannot serve. Therefore, MFIs fill a
necessary void in the market. Microcredit is not just a charitable concept; it
effectively generates economic activity in low income sectors of the market that
would otherwise be stagnant. Some U.S. corporations understand these benefits.
For example, IBM is partnering with the Grameen Foundation to help MFIs expand
their open source software programs. n180 Commercial banks have financial
incentives to promote sustainable microlending. Some banking strategists have
argued:



   Retail banks can't assume that the growth and returns of the recent past will
continue. Amid a throng of banking competitors - including new market entrants,
forward-thinking incumbents and non-banks - banks need to  [*941]  differentiate
themselves in ways that are not easily duplicated. To restore confidence and
realize strong future returns, banks must set the stage now. It will require
uncommon innovation to stand out from the crowd and adapt successfully to
marketplace demands. n181

 Banks that expand their traditional lending will have increased access to
previously unavailable markets. n182 Further incentive for commercial banks is
the alternative to simply rejecting people who do not qualify for loans at their
institution. Currently, banks often refer rejected loan applicants to groups
like ACCION. Direct participation or partnerships with MFIs would allow these
banks to offer applicants an immediate alternative when they are rejected from
traditional lending mechanisms.

   Corporate and commercial banking incentives to participate in microlending
provide political strength to a microlending reform campaign. Microcredit
reformers can enlist these corporations and commercial banks, which have
significant political clout, and combine forces in a lobbying campaign of state
legislators and members of Congress. These corporate partners give advocates a
greater amount of legitimacy in the eyes of elected officials and increase the
chance that Congress and state legislatures will actually adopt the above
proposed reforms.

   2. Presenting Microlending as a Way to Lessen Reliance on Governmental
Assistance

 As stated above in Part I, both Republican and Democratic members of Congress
support microlending. n183 The concept behind microlending is generally
appealing, especially in a post-welfare reform period, because it offers people
a way out of poverty by means other than government assistance. Microlending
offers real economic and entrepreneurial opportunities to people who would not
otherwise have them. Finding support for this concept at a theoretical level is
not difficult. Tapping into this support and enacting real reforms involves
showing politicians microlending's practical poverty-reducing effects.

   Much of the academic writing concerning microlending presents it in a light
that would appeal to political efforts to lessen poverty and improve poor
people's economic state. For example, Lewis Solomon, professor of law at the
George Washington University Law School, argues that "microenterprises can
potentially break the cycle of dependency and hopelessness by restoring
initiative, responsibility, and dignity." n184 Further, he argues that
microcredit offers capital to poor people, "while reducing their reliance on
redistributive government programs." n185 This language is remarkably similar to
the national debate over welfare reform. For example, during the 1992
presidential campaign, Bill Clinton stated that "government has failed us, and
one of its worst failures  [*942]  had been welfare. I have a plan to end
welfare as we know it - to break the cycle of dependency. We'll provide
education, job training ... those who are able to work must go to work." n186
Microlending goals and politicians' goals are consistent when it comes to
decreasing poverty, and this common ground is where regulatory reform is
possible. Microlending advocates need to tap into this aspect of microlending to
enact the regulatory reforms explored above. This involves appealing to
Republicans, who largely favor reducing welfare reliance, and appealing to more
liberal Democrats, who want to offer meaningful economic opportunities to poor
people.

   V. Conclusion

 Microlending gives economic enterprise opportunities to people who would not
otherwise have access to such resources. Many international MFIs have reached
financial self-sufficiency. n187 MFIs in the United States have not been as
successful. Because microenterprise is a powerful private market tool to combat
poverty, practitioners and reformers should strive to reach sustainable
microlending in the United States. Regulatory reforms centered on usury laws and
minimum capital requirements are likely to create an environment in which U.S.
MFIs can become more profitable. Given the current political climate, these
reforms are possible if approached in a strategic way, focused on private market
incentives and decreasing reliance on government assistance. For microcredit to
reach its true potential in the United States, microcredit practitioners and
advocates must take these practical steps.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawNational BanksInterest & UsuryGeneral OverviewContracts
LawDefensesUsuryPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesEconomic Development

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Kenneth Anderson, Microcredit: Fulfilling or Belying the Universality
Morality of Globalizing Markets?, 5 Yale Hum. Rts. & Dev. L.J. 85, 86 (2002).





n2.  Michael S. Barr, Microfinance and Financial Development, 26 Mich. J. Int'l
L. 271, 273 (2005). The United Nations designates International Years to
highlight important issues and address international problems. International
Year of Microcredit, 2005,
http://www.yearofmicrocredit.org/pages/whyayear/whyayear_learnaboutyear.asp
(last visited Jan. 20, 2009). The United Nations granted microlending this
year-long distinction in part because "microfinance has proved its value ... as
a weapon against poverty ... . It is a way to extend the same rights and
services to low-income households that are available to everyone else. It is a
way to grow productive enterprises, and so allow communities to prosper." Press
Release, Microcredit Extends Same Rights to Poor as are Available to Everyone
Else, U.N. Doc. SG/SM/9601 (Nov. 18, 2004), available at
http://www.un.org/News/Press/docs/2004/sgsm9601.doc.htm.





n3.  Barr, supra note 2, at 273.





n4.  See Rashmi Dyal-Chand, Reflection in a Distant Mirror: Why the West Has
Misperceived the Grameen Bank's Vision of Microcredit, 41 Stan. J. Int'l L. 217,
223 (2005) (explaining that both Republican and Democratic politicians in the
United States support microlending); Sasha Polakow-Suransky, Giving the Poor
Some Credit: Microloans are in Vogue. Are They a Sound Idea?, Am. Prospect, May
1, 2003, at 19, available at
http://goliath.ecnext.com/coms2/gi_0199-2724103/Giving-the-poor-some-credit.html
(stating that "microcredit for the poor is one of those ideas that attracts both
liberals and conservatives").





n5.  John Tozzi, The Greatest Entrepreneurs of All Time, Bus. Wk. Online, June
27, 2007,
http://www.businessweek.com/smallbiz/content/jun2007/sb20070627_564139.htm.





n6.  See, e.g., Jameel Jaffer, Microfinance and the Mechanics of Solidarity
Lending: Improving Access to Credit Through Innovations in Contract Structure, 9
J. Transnat'l L. & Pol'y 183, 184 (1999) (showing microcredit repayment rates in
the high ninety percentages); About ACCION: Key Statistics,
http://microfinanceonline.com/about_key_stats.asp (last visited Jan. 20, 2009)
(listing repayment rates of 97%).





n7.  About ACCION: Key Statistics, supra note 6.





n8.  Jaffer, supra note 6, at 183?84.





n9.  Bill Burrus, ACCION USA, Lessons and Trends of Microcredit in the United
States 1, 3 (2005), available at http://www.accion.org/Document.Doc?id=51.





n10.  Other microfinance services in addition to microlending include savings
and checking accounts, and pension and insurance services. CGAP, What is
Microfinance?, http://www.cgap.org/p/site/c/template.rc/1.26.1302 (last visited
Jan. 20, 2009).





n11.  Aaron Jones, Note, Promotion of a Commercially-Viable Microfinance Sector
in Emerging Markets, 13 Geo. J. on Poverty L. & Pol'y 187, 193 (2006).





n12.  Alexandra O'Rourke, Public-Private Partnerships: The Key to Sustainable
Microfinancing, 12 L. & Bus. Rev. Am. 179, 183 (2006).





n13.  Id.





n14.  Id. at 179?80.





n15.  Jaffer, supra note 6, at 184.





n16.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 91.





n17.  See O'Rourke, supra note 12, at 183.





n18.  The Grameen Bank was one of the original microfinance institutions and was
founded by Muhammad Yunus in the 1970s and 80s. The bank now has over three
million members and over 2400 branches internationally and has disbursed $ 6.5
billion in loans since its inception. Grameen Bank Historical Data Series 2003,
http://www.grameen-info.org/index.php?option=com_content+task=view+id=314+Itemid
=301 (last visited Jan. 20, 2009); Grameen Bank at a Glance,
http://www.grameen-info.org/bank/GBGlance.htm (last visited Jan. 20, 2009).





n19.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 106.





n20.  See id. (describing lending circles generally).





n21.  Barr, supra note 2, at 279.





n22. " Accion" is the Spanish word for "action." ACCION International began as a
student volunteer project in poor areas of Caracas, Venezuela. ACCION Int'l,
About ACCION: ACCION's History, http://www.accion.org/Page.aspx?pid=506 (last
visited Jan. 20, 2009) [hereinafter ACCION History]. ACCION was established in
part "to address the desperate poverty in Latin America's cities." Id.





n23.  About ACCION: Key Statistics, supra note 6.





n24.  Jaffer, supra note 6, at 185.





n25.  Id. at 184.





n26.  ACCION History, supra note 22; A Short History of Grameen Bank,
http://www.grameen-info.org (follow "about us" hyperlink; then follow "history"
hyperlink) (last visited Jan. 20, 2009) [hereinafter Short History of Grameen].





n27.  ACCION History, supra note 22.





n28.  Id.





n29.  Id.





n30.  Id.





n31.  Short History of Grameen, supra note 26.





n32.  Id.





n33.  Id.





n34.  Making the Dollar Go Further, the Yunus Way,
http://muhammadyunus.org/content/view/157/128/lang,en/ (last visited Jan. 20,
2009).





n35.  Id.





n36.  Short History of Grameen, supra note 26.





n37.  Id.





n38.  Jay Lee, Note, Equity and Innovation: Using Traditional Islamic Banking
Models to Reinvigorate Microlending in Urban America, 16 Ind. Int'l & Comp. L.
Rev. 523, 527 (2006).





n39.  See Jones, supra note 11, at 193 (explaining how NGOs pioneered
microfinance).





n40.  Id. at 193-94.





n41.  Id. at 194.





n42.  See O'Rourke, supra note 12, at 183 (describing how the Postal Savings
Banks operate).





n43.  Id.





n44.  Id.





n45.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 87.





n46.  Id. at 88.





n47.  Id. at 97.





n48.  Emily Berkman, Note, Microloans as a Community Reinvestment Act Compliance
Strategy, 3 N.Y.U. J.L. & Bus. 329, 336 (2006).





n49.  Grameen Bank, Past Eleven Years in USD, http://www.grameen-info.org/
(follow "Data & Reports" hyperlink; then follow "Past 11 Years" hyperlink) (last
visited Jan. 20, 2009).





n50.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 104-05.





n51.  Id. at 105.





n52.  Id.





n53.  Id.





n54.  Id.





n55.  See, e.g., Salil Tripathi, Microcredit Won't Make Poverty History,
Guardian.co.uk, Oct. 17, 2006,
http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2006/oct/17/businesscomment.internationalaida
nddevelopment (discussing microcredit's disadvantages).





n56.  See O'Rourke, supra note 12, at 179.





n57.  Berkman, supra note 48, at 336.





n58.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 98.





n59.  See Barr, supra note 2, at 282 (citing the Microfinance Exchange study,
which found that roughly 40% of the MFIs it tracks were financially
self-sufficient).





n60.  See id. at 282 n.59 (explaining that data on MFIs that showed about 40% of
MFIs were self-sustaining does not show "that the industry as a whole is moving
towards financial self-sustainability, but rather that a significant part of the
best institutions are doing so").





n61.  European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, Sustainability of
Microfinance Banks: The Ultimate Goal, (2003); Francesca Pissarides et al.,
Sustainability of Microfinance Banks: The Ultimate Goal, Lit Online (European
Bank for Reconstruction & Dev., London, Eng.), Autumn 2003, at 7, available at
http://www.ebrd.com/pubs/legal/lit032c.pdf (arguing that the commercialization
of microfinance is a relatively new focus in microfinance, since the past focus
had mostly been on providing financial services to the poor, and so lower
numbers of self-sustaining MFIs will likely increase due to this new focus).





n62.  Burrus, supra note 9, at 6.





n63.  Id.





n64.  See id. at 13 (claiming that "specific methodological innovations" made
"efficiency and scale possible" in the international scene and that the
microenterprise field in the United States "should consider how to better
utilize technology to create greater efficiency and scale").





n65.  See Lee, supra note 38, at 530 (explaining why U.S. microloans have higher
default rates).





n66.  See Berkman, supra note 48, at 349 (explaining the saturated U.S. mortgage
market).





n67.  See id. at 337 (explaining that "microcredit was in its infancy in the
U.S... . [and] had been modeled on efforts abroad spearheaded in the 1970s").





n68.  Burrus, supra note 9, at 4.





n69.  Id.





n70.  Microenterprise Fact Sheet Series,
http://www.microenterpriseworks.org/microenterpriseworks/files/ccLibraryFiles/Fi
lename/000000000278/Fact%20sheet%20series%203.pdf (last visited Jan. 20, 2009).





n71.  Burrus, supra note 9, at 4. Borrowers in lending circles exert pressure on
one another to repay loans. Anderson, supra note 1, at 106.





n72.  Burrus, supra note 9, at 4.





n73.  Id. at 9.





n74.  Id. The loan loss rate is defined as "total write-offs divided by active
portfolio [and] is an indicator to measure unrecovered loans." ACCION Int'l,
About Accion: Glossary of Microfinance Related Terms,
http://www.accion.org/NETCOMMUNITY/Page.aspx?pid=257&srcid=191#l (last visited
Jan. 24, 2009).





n75.  Burrus, supra note 9, at 6.





n76.  Id. at 15.





n77.  See id. at 2-3 (describing how 10.8 million of the 13.1 million
microentrepreneurs had never received a bank loan for their microenterprise).





n78.  Id. at 1.





n79.  Id. at 3.





n80.  Burrus, supra note 9, at 3.





n81.  See Jones, supra note 11, at 208 (explaining how many potential borrowers
have not established a credit history).





n82.  Burrus, supra note 9, at 11.





n83.  Id.





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  Id. at 14.





n87.  Burrus, supra note 9, at 14.





n88.  Id.





n89.  See Berkman, supra note 48, at 341.





n90.  Id.





n91.  See id. (arguing that high interest rates on loans for poor people "look
bad").





n92.  Findlaw, The Lowdown on Business Loans,
http://smallbusiness.findlaw.com/starting-business/starting-business-financing/s
tarting-business-financing-loans-lowdown.html (last visited Jan. 17, 2009).





n93.  Id.





n94.  Id.





n95.  See infra Part IV (describing increased interest rates).





n96.  Burrus, supra note 9, at 10. Congress enacted the CRA to encourage
"depository institutions to help meet the credit needs of the communities in
which they operate ... consistent with safe and sound banking operations."
Community Reinvestment Act Background and Purpose,
http://www.ffiec.gov/cra/history.htm (last visited Jan. 20, 2009).





n97.  Burrus, supra note 9, at 10.





n98.  Berkman, supra note 48, at 342-43; see also infra Part III.A.1 (discussing
the CRA).





n99.  Jones, supra note 11, at 196; see also 12 U.S.C. § 2901 (1977) (stating
that regulated financial institutions have a continuing and affirmative
obligation to meet the credit needs of the local community).





n100.  Jones, supra note 11, at 197-98.





n101.  Berkman, supra note 48, at 347.





n102.  Capital Standards for Banks: The Evolving Basel Accord, 89 Fed. Res.
Bull. 395, (2003) [hereinafter Capital Standards for Banks], available at
http://www.federalreserve.gov/pubs/bulletin/2003/0903lead.pdf.





n103.  Id. at 396.





n104.  Id. at 395 n.1.





n105.  Id. at 396.





n106.  Id.





n107.  Capital Standards for Banks, supra note 102, at 397.





n108.  Id. at 396.





n109.  Id. at 397. This Note analyzes possible solutions to the limitations
presented by capital requirements in Part III infra.





n110.  Dyal-Chand, supra note 4, at 248.





n111.  Id.





n112.  Id. at 248-49.





n113.  Id. at 249.





n114.  Id. at 249-50.





n115.  Dyal-Chand, supra note 4, at 248-50.





n116.  Id. at 267.





n117.  Id.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Id.





n120.  Dyal-Chand, supra note 4, at 267.





n121.  Id. at 277-78.





n122.  Id. at 268-70 (describing the success of solidarity circles in developing
countries and the failure of solidarity circles in the United States).





n123.  However, some U.S. MFIs, like ACCION, offer significant training to
borrowers.





n124.  Dyal-Chand, supra note 4, at 281-84.





n125.  Id. at 281.





n126.  Id. This Note considers these market based approaches to lending in Part
IV below.





n127.  See, e.g., Burrus, supra note 9, at 12 (proposing multiple solutions to
increase microlending).





n128.  Id.





n129.  See supra Part II.B.3 (explaining regulations on U.S. microlending).





n130.  See, e.g., Jones, supra note 11, at 196, 199 (describing the connection
between the CRA and microcredit goals).





n131.  O'Rourke, supra note 12, at 185.





n132.  See id. at 184 (exploring minimum capital requirements as a major
impediment to MFI sustainability).





n133.  See, e.g., Jones, supra note 11, at 196, 199 (discussing the relationship
between the CRA and microlending).





n134.  Id. at 196; see also 12 U.S.C. § 2901 (2006) (detailing the CRA's purpose
and provisions).





n135.  Jones, supra note 11, at 197 n.3 (noting that community groups argue that
the CRA has not led to enough lending to underbanked groups). "Un-banked groups"
are groups that traditional commercial banks do not serve, in this case, because
the people do not have the financial resources to participate in traditional
financial transactions. See id. at 196 (noting that the CRA required banks to
meet credit needs of low-and middle-income neighborhoods).





n136.  Berkman, supra note 48, at 347-50.





n137.  Id. at 347.





n138.  See id. at 343 (noting that the CRA aspires to "balance a bank's benefits
and burdens").





n139.  Id.





n140.  Id. at 342.





n141.  Berkman, supra note 48, at 347-49.





n142.  Id. at 348.





n143.  Id. at 348.





n144.  O'Rourke, supra note 12, at 185.





n145.  Id.





n146.  Id.; see supra Part II.A (discussing microloan transactions).





n147.  See supra Part II.B.3 (discussing partnerships between microcredit
lenders and commercial banks).





n148.  Berkman, supra note 48, at 341.





n149.  Id.





n150.  Jones, supra note 11, at 200.





n151.  Id. at 203.





n152.  Id. at 207.





n153.  Id. at 208-09.





n154.  ACCION's History, http://www.accion.org/NETCOMMUNITY/Page.aspx?pid=797
(last visited Jan. 21, 2009).





n155.  See supra note 91 and accompanying text.





n156.  See O'Rourke, supra note 12, at 184 (discussing minimum capital
requirements as one of the major barriers to MFIs reaching sustainability).





n157.  Id.





n158.  Id.





n159.  Id.





n160.  Id.





n161.  O'Rourke, supra note 12, at 184.





n162.  See id. at 187 (arguing that MFIs should be able to operate with lower
minimum capital requirements).





n163.  Id.





n164.  Id.





n165.  Jones, supra note 11, at 200.





n166.  O'Rourke, supra note 12, at 187.





n167.  Mark Olthoff, National Bank Act Preemption in the Secondary Market, 123
Banking L.J. 410, 410 (2006); State Interest Rates and Usury Laws,
http://www.lectlaw.com/files/ban02.htm (last visited Jan. 19, 2009).





n168.  State Interest Rates and Usury Laws,
http://www.lectlaw.com/files/ban02.htm (last visited Jan. 19, 2009).





n169.  Iowa's legal interest rate, for example, is ten percent. In Delaware, the
legal interest rate is five percent over the Federal Reserve interest rate.
State Interest Rates and Usury Laws, http://www.lectlaw.com/files/ban02.htm
(last visited Jan. 19, 2009).





n170.  Lee, supra note 38, at 529.





n171.  Capital Standards for Banks, supra note 102, at 397.





n172.  Supra Part II.B.2.





n173.  See, e.g., Jaffer, supra note 6, at 185 (explaining that the Grameen Bank
enjoys loan repayment rates in the high 90 percentages).





n174.  See Capital Standards for Banks, supra note 102, at 397 (addressing risk
and capital requirements of Basel II).





n175.  Anderson, supra note 1, at 106-07.





n176.  Id. at 107.





n177.  Id.





n178.  Id. at 106.





n179.  Id.





n180.  Press Release, Grameen Found. & IBM, IBM Partners with Grameen Foundation
to Expand Its Open Source Microfinance Banking Platform and Help Eradicate
Poverty (Oct. 15, 2007), available at http://www.csrwire.com/News/9900.htm.





n181.  Sunny Banerjea et al., Dare to be Different, Building an Edge, Nov. 14,
2006, at 2, available at
http://www-03.ibm.com/industries/global/files/fss_bae_4q06.pdf.





n182.  See B. Wampfler & C. Baron, Microfinance, Agricultural Banks, Commercial
Banks: What Potential Partnerships Could Finance Family Agriculture? 10 (2002),
available at http://microfinancement.cirad.fr/fr/news/bim/workshop3.pdf (arguing
that a bank partnership with an MFI can increase the bank's access to remote
rural areas, where banks usually are not viable).





n183.  Polakow-Suransky, supra note 4.





n184.  Lewis D. Solomon, Microenterprise: Human Reconstruction in America's
Inner Cities, 15 Harv. J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 191, 191 (1992).





n185.  Id. at 192.





n186.  Delia K. Cabe, Welfare to Work, Kennedy Sch. Bull., Autumn 2002,
http://www.ksg.harvard.edu/ksgpress/bulletin/autumn2002/features/welfare.html.





n187.  Jaffer, supra note 6, at 184.


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2007 Academy of Legal Studies in Business
                         American Business Law Journal

                                  Summer, 2007

                         American Business Law Journal

                              44 Am. Bus. L.J. 391

LENGTH: 9286 words

ARTICLE: Linking Gender Equity to Peaceful Societies +




+ We would like to thank Jody Hyvarinen and Sara Masterson for research
assistance. We would also like to thank the participants of the July 2006
Conference at George Washington University on Peace through Commerce for
valuable comments.

NAME: Terry M. Dworkin * and Cindy A. Schipani **

BIO:


* Dean, Office of Women's Affairs, Jack R. Wentworth Professor of Business Law,
Indiana University.

** Merwin H. Waterman Collegiate Professor of Business Administration, Professor
of Business Law and Chair, Law, History & Communication, University of Michigan.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Using methodology similar to that used by Professors Fort and Schipani in
their work on "The Role of the Corporation in Fostering Sustainable Peace," we
discovered that countries that scored favorably on metrics of gender
development, as reported by the United Nations (UN), also seemed less prone to
resolve conflicts by violence, at least as reported by the Heidelberg Institute.
... The countries that ranked in the top twenty-five of the GDI resolved their
Table 1: Gender Development and Conflict Resolution Rankings Number of Number of
HDI GDI violent conflicts nonviolent conflicts Country Rank Rank ongoing ongoing
El Salvador 104 0 Norway 1 1 1 Australia 3 2 1 Iceland 2 3 Sweden 6 4 Canada 5 5
2 Switzerland 7 6 Luxembourg 4 7 United States 10 8 4 Belgium 9 9 Finland 13 10
Ireland 8 11 Netherlands 12 12 Denmark 14 13 1 Japan 11 14 3 United Kingdom 15
15 1 2 France 16 16 2 New Zealand 19 17 Italy 18 18 Austria 17 19 Germany 20 20
1 Spain 21 21 1 3 Hong Kong, China 22 22 (SAR) Israel 23 23 2 6 Greece 24 24 2
Slovenia 26 25 1 Portugal 27 26 Korea, Rep. of 28 27 Cyprus 29 28 1 Barbados 30
29 Czech Republic 31 30 Hungary 35 31 3 Malta 32 32 Poland 36 33 1 Argentina 34
34 2 Estonia 38 35 Lithuania 39 36 Slovakia 42 37 Chile 37 38 1 Kuwait 44 39 1
Bahrain 43 41 1 Croatia 45 40 Uruguay 46 42 Latvia 48 43 2 Costa Rica 47 44 1
Bulgaria 55 45 Mexico 53 46 1 Panama 56 47 Trinidad and Tobago 57 48 Macedonia,
TFYR 59 49 2 Malaysia 61 50 1 Romania 64 51 3 Brazil 63 52 1 Belarus 67 53 1
Mauritius 65 54 1 Colombia 69 55 4 2 Albania 72 56 Thailand 73 57 1 2 Venezuela
75 58 1 3 Ukraine 78 59 3 Oman 71 60 Kazakhstan 80 61 2 Armenia 83 62 1 2
Philippines 84 63 2 2 China 85 64 8 Saudi Arabia 77 65 1 1 Sri Lanka 93 66 4 7
Peru 79 67 2 Lebanon 81 68 1 3 Tunisia 89 69 Turkey 94 70 1 6 Fiji 92 71 1
Paraguay 88 72 Jordan 90 73 2 Dominican Republic 95 74 Jamaica 98 75 Belize 91
76 1 Azerbaijan 101 77 2 1 Iran, Islamic Rep. 99 78 9 of Guyana 107 79 1 Cape
Verde 105 81 Algeria 103 82 1 1 Vietnam 108 83 3 Syrian Arab 106 84 5 Republic
Kyrgyzstan 109 85 1 Uzbekistan 111 86 2 Indonesia 110 87 4 2 Nicaragua 112 88 1
Country HDI GDI Number of Number of Rank Rank violent conflicts nonviolent
conflicts ongoing ongoing Bolivia 113 89 1 1 Mongolia 114 90 Moldova, Rep. of
115 91 1 South Africa 120 92 2 Tajikistan 122 93 1 Guatemala 117 94 1 Equatorial
Guinea 121 95 2 Namibia 125 96 2 Morocco 124 97 1 2 India 127 98 11 7 Cambodia
130 99 4 Botswana 131 100 1 Comoros 132 101 1 Lao People's Dem.  ... Although
these benefits of mentoring would largely hold true in developing countries as
well, access to traditional mentoring relationships is much more severely
limited in less developed countries.  ... A key initiative is the Fellows
Program, specifically designed to promote women in leadership positions and to
"promote opportunities for women in leadership, to recognize and encourage women
of achievement, and to help 'up and coming' women from a variety of fields reach
the levels of achievement that IWF members have been able to accomplish." ...
The training sessions, as well as the networking groups which are established,
expand the reach of the program outside of one-to-one mentoring relationships
(which require larger numbers of mentors).  ... In addition to e-mentoring, a
variety of mentoring programs are springing up in different countries to meet
women's mentoring needs where there is a dearth of mentors and/or mentoring
traditions.  ... Two techniques that are currently being utilized in lesser
developed countries to support the economic development of women are mentoring
and microlending.

TEXT:
 [*391]  I. INTRODUCTION

In prior work, we began an initiative entitled Gender, Voice and Correlations
with Peace.  n1 Using methodology similar to that used by Professors Fort and
Schipani in their work on "The Role of the Corporation in Fostering Sustainable
Peace,"  n2 we discovered that countries that scored favorably on metrics of
gender development, as reported by the United Nations (UN), also seemed less
prone to resolve conflicts by violence, at least as reported by the Heidelberg
Institute.  n3 Recognizing that this seeming correlation does not necessarily
translate into causation, we argued that it is at least plausible that there is
more to this link than simply chance. We then proposed a number of ways business
could practice gender equity and perhaps influence peaceful societies.  n4

    [*392]  In Part II of this article, we update our comparison of the UN
measure of gender equity with the Heidelberg Institute measure of violent
resolution of conflicts. Although there have been some changes in the rankings,
we again find support for our conclusion that the potential for a link between
gender equity and more peaceful societies merits further exploration. In Part
III, we explore developments on approaches to gender equity in the
cross-cultural context, focusing on mentoring and microlending programs. We
conclude, in Part IV, that business and society can certainly play roles in
promoting gender equity and a not-so-inconsequential outcome may be more
peaceful societies.

II. THE DATA

As noted above, in our prior study (the 2003 study) we compared data from the
Heidelberg Institute for International Conflict Research to the Gender
Development Index (GDI) published by the UN and discovered a linear correlation
between gender inequality and violence.  n5 In this article, we update that
analysis utilizing current data from the UN  n6 and the Heidelberg Institute.
n7

   Each year, the UN publishes a human development index (HDI) as a composite
measure of human development. The HDI is


     a composite index that measures the average achievements in a country
     in three basic dimensions of human development: a long and healthy
     life, as measured by life expectancy at birth; knowledge, as measured
     by the adult literacy rate and the combined enrollment ratio for
     primary, secondary, and tertiary schools; and a decent standard of
     living, as measured by GDP per capita in purchasing power parity . . .
     US dollars.  n8


The HDI only estimates average achievements for a country; thus it disguises
gender differences in human development. To reveal these  [*393]  differences,
the UN pulls data from the HDI to compile the GDI.  n9 The GDI incorporates many
of the same factors as the HDI, but compares the levels of development between
men and women.  n10 If a state had achieved gender equality in human
development, its GDI and HDI values would be the same.  n11 The GDI is therefore
"simply the HDI adjusted downward for gender inequality."  n12 The 2001 Human
Development Report referred to in our 2003 study found that, for all countries
studied, the GDI was lower than the HDI, indicating gender inequality
everywhere.  n13 A review of the numbers in the 2005 Human Development Report
reveals that no country has yet achieved gender equality.  n14

   We began our analysis with the GDI. For 2005, the GDI was estimated for 140
countries, measuring: (1) the female and male life expectancy at birth; (2) the
female and male adult literacy rates and the female and male combined primary,
secondary, and tertiary enrollment rates; and (3) the estimated female and male
earned income.  n15 Norway, Australia, Iceland, Sweden, and Canada ranked at the
top of the gender index, indicating the lowest levels of inequality.  n16 Only
Norway, Australia, and Canada were also in the top five of the 2001 index.  n17
At the other end, Burkina Faso, Sierra Leone, and Niger ranked the lowest,
indicating the highest levels of gender inequality.  n18 Both Burkina Faso and
Niger were in the bottom three in the 2001 report.  n19

    [*394]  Next, each country's GDI ranking was compared to the number of
violent and nonviolent conflicts as reported in the Heidelberg Institute's
Conflict Barometer for 2005.  n20 The data used to make this comparison is
detailed in Table 1. The Heidelberg Institute's violence index, commonly known
as the "Cosimo database," uses a variety of sources and 28 variables to define
the types of conflict involved and the methods used by parties to those
conflicts to resolve them.  n21 The index defines "conflict" as "the clashing of
interests (positional differences) on national values of some duration and
magnitude between at least two parties (organized groups, states, groups of
states, organizations) that are determined to pursue their interests and win
their cases."  n22 The Heidelberg Institute examines each conflict using a
number of variables and ranks the intensity of conflicts on a scale of one to
five. Conflicts ranking one or two on this scale are considered nonviolent.
Conflicts with an intensity rating of three or higher are classified as violent.
n23

   For purposes of comparison, we divided the countries into five groups of
twenty-five countries, and a sixth group of fifteen countries, according to
their GDI ranking. These groupings were chosen for ease of comparison with our
2003 study.  n24 We then compared the groupings based on the total number of
conflicts and the percentage of conflicts resolved violently. We observed that
countries with a low GDI ranking, that is, those that scored poorly on the GDI
also tend to resolve conflicts more often with violence. The results of this
work are reported in Table 2. The countries that ranked in the top twenty-five
of the GDI resolved their

 [*395]  Table 1: Gender Development and Conflict Resolution Rankings
                                          Number of           Number of
                      HDI      GDI    violent conflicts  nonviolent conflicts
      Country         Rank     Rank      ongoing  n29        ongoing  n30
                      n27      n28
El Salvador              104        0
Norway                     1        1                                       1
Australia                  3        2                                       1
Iceland                    2        3
Sweden                     6        4
Canada                     5        5                                       2
Switzerland                7        6
Luxembourg                 4        7
United States             10        8                                       4
Belgium                    9        9
Finland                   13       10
Ireland                    8       11
Netherlands               12       12
Denmark                   14       13                                       1
Japan                     11       14                                       3
United Kingdom            15       15                  1                    2
France                    16       16                  2
New Zealand               19       17
Italy                     18       18
Austria                   17       19
Germany                   20       20                                       1
Spain                     21       21                  1                    3
Hong Kong, China          22       22
(SAR)
Israel                    23       23                  2                    6
Greece                    24       24                                       2
Slovenia                  26       25                                       1
Portugal                  27       26
Korea, Rep. of            28       27
Cyprus                    29       28                                       1
Barbados                  30       29
Czech Republic            31       30
Hungary                   35       31                  3
Malta                     32       32
Poland                    36       33                                       1
Argentina                 34       34                                       2
Estonia                   38       35
Lithuania                 39       36
Slovakia                  42       37
Chile                     37       38                                       1
Kuwait                    44       39                                       1
Bahrain                   43       41                                       1
Croatia                   45       40
Uruguay                   46       42
Latvia                    48       43                                       2
Costa Rica                47       44                                       1
Bulgaria                  55       45
Mexico                    53       46                  1
Panama                    56       47
Trinidad and Tobago       57       48
Macedonia, TFYR           59       49                                       2
Malaysia                  61       50                                       1
Romania                   64       51                                       3
Brazil                    63       52                                       1
Belarus                   67       53                                       1
Mauritius                 65       54                                       1
Colombia                  69       55                  4                    2
Albania                   72       56
Thailand                  73       57                  1                    2
Venezuela                 75       58                  1                    3
Ukraine                   78       59                                       3
Oman                      71       60
Kazakhstan                80       61                                       2
Armenia                   83       62                  1                    2
Philippines               84       63                  2                    2
China                     85       64                                       8
Saudi Arabia              77       65                  1                    1
Sri Lanka                 93       66                  4                    7
Peru                      79       67                                       2
Lebanon                   81       68                  1                    3
Tunisia                   89       69
Turkey                    94       70                  1                    6
Fiji                      92       71                                       1
Paraguay                  88       72
Jordan                    90       73                                       2
Dominican Republic        95       74
Jamaica                   98       75
Belize                    91       76                  1
Azerbaijan               101       77                  2                    1
Iran, Islamic Rep.        99       78                                       9
of
Guyana                   107       79                                       1
Cape Verde               105       81
Algeria                  103       82                  1                    1
Vietnam                  108       83                                       3
Syrian Arab              106       84                                       5
Republic
Kyrgyzstan               109       85                  1
Uzbekistan               111       86                  2
Indonesia                110       87                  4                    2
Nicaragua                112       88                                       1

     Country         HDI       GDI        Number of           Number of
                    Rank      Rank    violent conflicts nonviolent conflicts
                                           ongoing             ongoing
Bolivia                 113        89         1                   1
Mongolia                114        90
Moldova, Rep. of        115        91                             1
South Africa            120        92                             2
Tajikistan              122        93         1
Guatemala               117        94                             1
Equatorial Guinea       121        95                             2
Namibia                 125        96                             2
Morocco                 124        97         1                   2
India                   127        98        11                   7
Cambodia                130        99                             4
Botswana                131       100                             1
Comoros                 132       101                             1
Lao People's
Dem. Rep.               133       102         1
Papua New Guinea        137       103
Ghana                   138       104
Bangladesh              139       105         5                   1
Nepal                   136       106         1                   2
Pakistan                135       107         1                   1
Congo                   142       108         1
Uganda                  144       109         1                   3
Sudan                   141       110         3                   1
Zimbabwe                145       111         1
Togo                    143       112         1
Cameroon                148       113         1
Lesotho                 149       114
Swaziland               147       115         1
Madagascar              146       116                             1
Kenya                   154       117         2
Mauritania              152       118         1
Gambia                  155       119                             2
Senegal                 157       120                             3
Yemen                   151       121         1                   1
Rwanda                  159       122                             3
Nigeria                 158       123         3                   1
Angola                  160       124         2
Eritrea                 161       125                             1
Benin                   162       126                             1
Tanzania, U.
Rep. of                 164       127                             1
Cote d'Ivoire           163       128         1
Malawi                  165       129
Zambia                  166       130
Congo, Dem. Rep.
of the                  167       131         2                   2
Burundi                 169       132         1
Mozambique              168       133
Ethiopia                170       134         4                   2
Guinea-Bissau           172       135         1                   1
Mali                    174       136
Chad                    173       137                             1
Burkina Faso            175       138
Sierra Leone            176       139                             1
Niger                   177       140                             2
[*398]  conflicts violently 18.2 percent of the time on a composite basis, while
those countries at the other end of the GDI rank resolved conflicts violently 50
percent of the time, also on a composite basis.  n25 Only three of the
twenty-five countries with the highest GDI ranks, France, United Kingdom, and
Spain, were involved in violent conflicts. This contrasts with six of the
fifteen countries with the lowest GDI rank being involved in at least one
violent conflict. Figure 1 illustrates the linear progression that results when
the GDI ranks for each quartile of countries (from most developed to least) are
compared to Heidelberg violent conflict resolutions figures for the same
countries.

   Another interesting finding is that the number of violent conflicts per group
in the first five groups consistently increased as the GDI rank lowered.  n26 In
the first group there were a total of four reported violent conflicts. In the
second group, there were six. The third group reported sixteen, the fourth,
twenty-five, and the fifth group, twenty-six.

   After analyzing these numbers, it appears that there is still a correlation
between gender inequality and violence. Of course, correlation does not
necessarily show causation. Many of the countries that ranked low on the GDI
also ranked low on the HDI, indicating low levels of human development
generally, which may in turn lead to a lower likelihood of non-violent,
diplomatic conflict resolution. Nevertheless, it is worth noting that these
figures seem to continue to run in tandem.

 [*399]  Table 2: Gender Development and Conflict Resolution Comparisons
      Country's Gender                    Composite Percentage
   Development Index Rank          of Violent Resolutions of Conflict
1-25                                              18.2
26-50                                             16.0
51-75                                             23.5
76-100                                            33.7
101-125                                           55.3
126-140                                           50.0


III. THE ROLE OF BUSINESS AND SOCIETY

A. Mentoring

In our 2003 study, we identified several initiatives and structural changes that
could be implemented by societies and businesses to help integrate women into
the workforce as wage earners in developing countries. These changes include
passage and enforcement of nondiscrimination laws by countries  n31 and
nondiscrimination,  n32 child care,  n33 training,  n34 and mentoring  n35
programs by multinational corporations (MNCs). Outside of not discriminating so
that women can enter the workplace, the potentially most effective and least
costly initiative for MNCs is mentoring. Cost is particularly important because
most of the MNCs operating in developing  [*400]  countries are there because it
is cheaper to operate there as opposed to their home country.

   We defined mentoring using a U.S. definition: "A developmental relationship
between an individual and a more senior and influential manager or
professional."  n36 We noted that there was virtually no information on
cross-cultural mentoring.  n37 Much has happened to change our perspective on
both these mentoring aspects.

1. Why Mentoring?

Often, when a nontraditional group enters the workplace, the members tend to be
clustered in certain lower-level jobs and career opportunities are limited.  n38
Mentoring helps them rise in an organization and is particularly useful in
breaking through the glass ceiling that exists in many developed countries.  n39
Studies of mentoring and its benefits have been conducted primarily in the
United States.  n40 The advantages provided by mentoring  [*401]  drawn from
these studies include increasing aspirational level, coaching, confidence,  n41
providing role models, providing opportunities for crucial experience,  n42
increasing visibility within the organization,  n43 increasing access to
information (particularly the informal information network),  n44 increasing
protection against discrimination and negative stereotyping, and psychosocial
support.  n45 Studies also show greater job and career satisfaction and
commitment.  n46

   Although these benefits of mentoring would largely hold true in developing
countries as well, access to traditional mentoring relationships is much more
severely limited in less developed countries.  n47 At the same time, mentoring
programs are particularly important in countries and industries where women have
traditionally not been a part of the paid work-force or have only been involved
at the lowest levels.  n48 When women are  [*402]  seen as appendages to men,
n49 and their decisions are suspect,  n50 they cannot succeed in a
male-dominated environment.  n51

   The impact of gender on opportunity structures has also been shown to be
important. There are a multitude of overt and covert factors in developing
countries, including employment conditions, lack of role models, unrealistic and
nonflexible demands on time and effort, gender socialization, organizational
structural barriers, and the "old boy" culture, in addition to discrimination
and bias, that limit opportunity.  n52

   A mentor who has power within the organization  n53 can provide protection
and help buffer the mentee from both overt and covert forms of discrimination
n54 through "reflected power,"  n55 as well as help alter stereotypical
perceptions.  n56 In most developing societies, when a mentor is available, it
will be a male, and often a male from a connected family,  n57 or an  [*403]
older male. For a variety of reasons,  n58 establishing these cross-gender
relationships in these countries may be difficult.  n59 In countries where
hierarchy and ascribed power are valued, it might be particularly challenging
for one to overcome barriers between individuals in different positions.  n60
Perhaps because of this, a variety of female--to-female mentoring and networking
relationships, as well as nonindividual mentoring models have been established
in the past few years. Many of these are proving successful.

2. Successful Mentoring

The mentoring literature has traditionally focused more on the positive effects
of mentoring, particularly for the mentee, although there is some growing
interest in the benefits of mentoring for the mentor and the organization, and
in the negative aspects of mentoring.  n61 Several studies have examined aspects
of mentoring that lead to success.  n62 In developing countries, successful
mentoring approaches include mosaic mentoring, electronic mentoring,
cross-cultural mentoring, and cross-institutional mentoring. These approaches to
mentoring are discussed below.

    [*404]  a. Mosaic mentoring. There is growing recognition that, to be most
effective, mentees need different mentors for different purposes and at
different points in their careers.  n63 Mosiac mentoring increases the mentee's
scope of and opportunities for learning and also distributes the mentoring
workload among the different mentors in the network. In the international
context, multiple mentors are being recommended as a way to benefit expatriates
and their domestic firms as well as the local facilities and employees with
which the expatriate has been working.  n64 In the "boundaryless economy" it is
a way to transfer knowledge and expertise across locations and borders.  n65 To
the extent that the expatriate mentors transfer knowledge to women in the host
country, women in developing economies could particularly benefit.  n66 MNCs
would benefit both themselves and their female employees by facilitating such
mentoring and institutionalizing it as part of the expatriate experience.  n67

   b. Electronic mentoring. The rapid global expansion of the Internet has also
led to changes in the modes of mentoring. Electronic mentoring, or e-mentoring,
uses electronic means of communication such as e-mail, chat  [*405]  rooms,
discussion rooms, and Web sites for the provision of and information on
mentoring. E-mentoring has been found to provide similar mentoring functions as
does traditional face-to-face mentoring.  n68 However, it can be fraught with
miscommunication, delayed relationship and trust development, and anxiety over
one's privacy and confidentiality.  n69 These can be eliminated through the
establishment of support systems for the effective provision of mentoring. Other
face-to-face mentoring benefits such as modeling, exposure/visibility, and
protection may not be deliverable electronically.

   Notwithstanding these disadvantages, e-mentoring can facilitate the benefits
of expatriate mentoring, which has been cited as particularly useful in
overcoming mentoring barriers such as cross-gender mentoring and differences in
ethnicity.  n70 Benefits of e-mentoring for women include wider networking
opportunities than would otherwise be available, group mentoring,  n71 and
facilitating mentee contacts.  n72 It is also being used as a way to overcome
barriers in some societies where women have not traditionally been working in
the paid workforce.

   For example, in Rwanda, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)  n73
and United Nations Development Fund for Women  [*406]  (UNIFEM),  n74 with
funding from the Japan Women in Development Fund, are using electronic mentoring
as part of a plan to train women in information communications technology (ICT)
and help identify business opportunities through use of information technology
experts and other groups.  n75 The goal is to help eradicate feminized poverty.
n76 UNIFEM has developed an International Mentorship Committee to help achieve
this.  n77 So far, these programs seem to be working. Several female Rwandan
entrepreneurs who employ Rwandan female artisans are doing well in international
sales. Since 2005, the U.S. retailer Macy's has been selling products such as
peace baskets and Christmas ornaments made by Rwandan women.  n78

   Based on the success of UNIFEM's "Bridging the Gender Digital Divide through
Strategic Partnerships" initiative, the program is being expanded into Eritrea
and Uganda. During the Digital Diaspora launch in Kampala, Uganda, on May 6,
2003,  n79 UNIFEM proposed nine pilot  [*407]  countries wherein to further
implement the initiative: Cameroon, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Rwanda, Somalia,
Tanzania, Zimbabwe, and Uganda. Eritrea is the second country to be put into
action.

   UNIFEM has several campaigns in process relating to women's empowerment and
ICT use, often as virtual forums for women to come together and share experience
and information,  n80 such as the Arab Women Connect and Hawknet (The Horn of
Africa Region Women's Knowledge Network) and the Leadership Enhancement &
Mentoring Program (LEMP). LEMP was established under the Jordan Investment Trust
PLC (jordinvest) in cooperation with the International Women's Forum of Jordan
(IWF/JC)  n81 and "in accordance with HM Queen Rania Al Abdullah's vision and
belief in the importance of female empowerment."  n82 The aim of LEMP is to
"develop women's business career paths and to provide them with tools and skills
that can assist them in assuming leadership positions" LEMP will provide
training and personal development that "promotes professionalism and leadership
for women in banking and business which may later expand to include women in
academia, science and world affairs."  n83 Jordinvest's role will be to spread
"publicity and awareness about the project through targeting members of social
and economic organizations across the country and inviting women who have made
notable achievements in both the private and public sectors of the Jordanian
market to take part in the LEMP program." Through their participation, these
women are to help find ways in which they could become empowered, more
influential, and more efficient in their knowledge and their skills.  n84

    [*408]  c. Other cross-national approaches. In addition, there are a number
of institutions that provide cross-national approaches to mentoring.
Cross-national mentoring and collaborations help individuals share their unique
perspectives and learning and promote better understanding of the collaborating
individuals' cultural context and frames of reference. For example, the
International Women's Forum (IWF) has an education and charitable arm, the
Leadership Foundation. The Leadership Foundation is a "training and personal
development organization that promotes professionalism and leadership in all
fields and disciplines, including business, academia, science and world
affairs."  n85 A key initiative is the Fellows Program, specifically designed to
promote women in leadership positions and to "promote opportunities for women in
leadership, to recognize and encourage women of achievement, and to help 'up and
coming' women from a variety of fields reach the levels of achievement that IWF
members have been able to accomplish."  n86 A central element of the Fellows
Program is that participants pass on the skills and knowledge they gain to
others in their organization or community. Fellows alumnae have created
mentoring programs, networking groups, and leadership initiatives as part of
their Legacy project. Creating a ripple effect and expanding the leadership
capacity of others is at the heart of the Fellows Program mission.  n87

   The European Social Fund, in conjunction with the Social Economic Institute
of Hasselt University in Belgium, established a mentoring and  [*409]
networking program in 1999.  n88 It is called SOFIA, after the Goddess of
Wisdom, and uses only women as mentors and is for female mentees.  n89 The
program recognized the advantages of multiple approaches to train women for
empowerment and leadership and management positions. The four main tools are
mentoring, training, networking, and training the trainer.  n90 The last is
designed to show the mentor the benefits of mentoring as well as to help the
mentor be an effective mentor. In Belgium it operates in different ways. For
example, through SOFIA Management, women from different companies form a SOFIA
group and attend training sessions once a month. They meet twice a year at a
networking event. It is viewed as a mentoring and networking project for female
managers and entrepreneurs. Another is SOFIA in Company, which is for managers
within a company.

   Based on SOFIA's success in Flanders and recognizing the importance of
empowering women for sustainable development in developing countries, the
Socio-Economic Institute of Limburg University partnered with the Universidad de
Pinar del Rio in Cuba to set up a SOFIA-type program there. They recognize that
there are few women in positions of management. There are coordinators who help
set up and follow the development of the mentor--mentee process. There are also
training sessions which are based on the learning goals of the participants. The
training sessions, as well as the networking groups which are established,
expand the reach of the program outside of one-to-one mentoring relationships
(which require larger numbers of mentors). A manual will be developed so that
the program can continue in Cuba beyond the participation of SOFIA.

   d. Cross-institutional mentoring. In addition to e-mentoring, a variety of
mentoring programs are springing up in different countries to meet women's
mentoring needs where there is a dearth of mentors and/or mentoring traditions.
Cross-institutional mentoring refers to pairing mentees with mentors from other
companies or institutions that are not in competition with the mentee's
institution. Cross-institutional collaborations may help  [*410]  the
participating institutions leverage their talent pool's knowledge, skills, and
competencies by supplementing similarities in needs and resources and also by
complementing each other in their diversities and unique characteristics.

   A recent conference organized by the European Commission's Research
Directorate General on International Women in Industrial Research echoed the
importance of developing cross-institutional mentoring programs for women to
sustain and enhance their contributions to the field.  n91 With the aim of
building an e-mentoring infrastructure, MentorNet has established a
cross-institutional e-mentoring network for women who are exploring, preparing
for, or already pursuing academic careers.  n92 Cross-institutional mentoring
has also been used by Deutsche Bank  n93 and Norsk Hydro,  n94 by women in small
businesses in Jerusalem,  n95 and aspiring women directors in the United Kingdom
n96 and the United States.  n97

B. Microlending

Another program that has had some success in empowering women and enabling them
to become active members of the economy is microlending. It was pioneered in the
1970s by Grameen Bank and other firms.  n98 Today, approximately 10,000
organizations make microloans to  [*411]  more than 100 million borrowers.  n99
In microlending, small loans (often less than $ 100) are given to extremely poor
entrepreneurs who typically do not have access to credit that allows them to
lift themselves out of the lowest rungs of poverty.  n100 While they have ways
of getting money outside of these loans--often through moneylenders and
pawnbrokers, the lenders usually charge exorbitant rates and impose unfair
restrictions on the loans.  n101

   Through microloans and the income they produce,  n102 women can contribute to
family well-being (including nutrition and education improvements for their
children) as well as community and national development.  n103 Women also gain
autonomy and authority through microlending programs.  n104 The independent
sources of income produced through the loans, plus the exposure to new ideas,
values, and social support  n105 make  [*412]  them more assertive of their
rights.  n106 There is also an increase in prestige and status in the eyes of
husbands and families due to the women's control over material resources. This
promotes interspousal consultation and contributes to more peaceful
relationships.  n107

   One example of a microlendee is a mother of two in rural India who obtained a
loan of $ 70 to buy a buffalo. In addition to help with crops, she gets three
pints of milk a day which she sells to upper-caste people in a neighboring
village. The buffalo has also produced a calf. The microlendee is using her
third microloan to pay day laborers to help her pick and husk a bumper sunflower
seed crop. With her next loan she plans to buy two bullocks to help cultivate
crops, and she will rent them out to others when she is not using them.  n108

   As microlending has grown, private investment, mainly through specialized
microlending investment funds, has increased, and private-sector involvement is
growing. An emerging trend is for microlending to move from being solely an
altruistic, nongovernment organization, foundation, or UN-sponsored program to
one that can exist as a for-profit enterprise.  n109 One attraction of the
traditional microloans is that the default rate  [*413]  is very low.  n110
Another is that efficiencies can greatly improve the ability of the lenders to
earn a profit.  n111 Efficiency also allows loans at lower interest rates, which
expands the population who can get loans.  n112 Private-sector-type efficiencies
employed by large MNCs such as McDonald's Corporation or Starbucks Corporation,
n113 including technology such as loan-management software and standardized
systems, might be used. India's largest private-sector bank has found that
lending to a microloan company earns it a higher return on capital than it gets
from corporate borrowers.  n114 In economies where the country tries to direct
investment and control banking, microlending has enabled corporations and banks
to expand their outreach through the lender's customers.  n115 Once established,
the microlending company can diversify into products like savings programs  n116
or selling health and crop insurance to the same population.  n117

   Another way in which companies can contribute through microlending is to make
microloans themselves to foster programs that will enable their employees to be
better workers. These could include child care, lunch programs, and cell phones.
n118 Microfinance has great potential to earn  [*414]  profits while alleviating
poverty and empowering women. There is a very large potential market for its
services. It is likely to grow with a wider variety of players entering the
market. With the growing emphasis on corporate social responsibility, companies
can also gain much good will while making a profit in this area.  n119

IV. CONCLUSION

Consistent with our 2003 study, we continue to find that no country has achieved
gender equality. We further find that the countries in the bottom tier of gender
development tend to be the most violent. One possibility for reform that may
relate to a reduction in violence is improvement in gender development.

   Two techniques that are currently being utilized in lesser developed
countries to support the economic development of women are mentoring and
microlending. Through cross-cultural mentoring relationships, it is surmised
that women will be better positioned to succeed in the workplace. This is an
important technique because it can yield substantial benefits at very little
cost. Microlending has also proven successful as a way to empower women in very
poor countries as well as to contribute to their well-being and that of society.

   In addition, there is a business case for empowering women. It has been
documented by Catalyst, as reported by Marleen O'Connor, that "companies with a
higher percentage of women in senior-level positions have better returns."  n120
Moreover, O'Connor also points out that "the Conference Board finds it
noteworthy that the Fortune 10 companies ranked highest in profitability all
have a woman on their boards, and seven out of these ten have more than one
woman on their boards."  n121

    [*415]  Evidence suggests that empowering women within the workplace and
society may lead to a reduction in poverty and social stability. We take this
proposition a step further and surmise that with stability may come less violent
conflict. To the extent that business and society can play a role in empowering
women in the workplace, they may be able to also impact a more peaceful society.
This seems a laudable goal.

 Figure 1: Gender Voice and Correlations with Peace

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Labor & Employment LawWorkplace Violence

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Terry Morehead Dworkin & Cindy A. Schipani, Gender Voice and Correlations
with Peace, 36 VAND. J. TRANSNAT'L L. 527 (2003).





n2  Timothy L. Fort & Cindy A. Schipani, The Role of the Corporation in
Fostering Sustainable Peace, 35 VAND. J. TRANSN'L L. 389 (2002).





n3  Dworkin & Schipani, supra note 1, at 533.





n4  Id. at 542-61.





n5  Id. at 533.





n6  U.N. DEV. PROGRAMME, HUMAN DEVELOPMENT REPORT 219-329 (2005),
http://hdr.undp.org/reports/global/2005/pdf/HDR05_complete.pdf [hereinafter,
HUMAN DEVELOPMENT REPORT 2005]. This report provides rankings for the year 2003.





n7  HEIDELBERG INST. FOR INT'L CONFLICT RESEARCH, CONFLICT BAROMETER 2002 3-34
(2002), http://www.hiik.de/en/konfliktbarometer/pdf/ConflictBarometer_2005.pdf





n8  HUMAN DEVELOPMENT REPORT 2005, supra note 6, at 214.





n9  Id. at 343.





n10  See id. for further discussion of the factors used in calculating the GDI.





n11  U.N. DEV. PROGRAMME, HUMAN DEVELOPMENT REPORT 15 (2001),
http://hdr.undp.org/reports/global/2001/en/pdf/completenew.pdf [hereinafter
HUMAN DEVELOPMENT REPORT 2001].





n12  Id. at 14.





n13  Id. at 15.





n14  See HUMAN DEVELOPMENT REPORT 2005, supra note 6, at 219-22, 299-302.





n15  Id. at 299.





n16  Id.





n17  Dworkin & Schipani, supra note 1, at 532.





n18  HUMAN DEVELOPMENT REPORT 2005, supra note 6, at 302.





n19  Dworkin Schipani, supra note 1, at 532.





n20  HEIDELBERG INST. FOR INT'L CONFLICT RESEARCH, CONFLICT BAROMETER 2005
(2005), http://www.hiik.de/en/konfliktbarometer/pdf/ConflictBarometer_2005.pdf
[hereinafter CONFLICT BAROMETER 2005]. This report provides data for the year
2005. We recognize that we are comparing 2003 data as reported in the HUMAN
DEVELOPMENT REPORT 2005 with 2005 data reported in the CONFLICT BAROMETER 2005.
We chose the most current data available from each source at the time of our
study to determine whether there has been any significant change from our
earlier study. Although the data on gender equity is two years older than the
data on conflict resolution, it is not likely that there have been any
significant declines in gender equity worldwide in that two-year time frame
which would invalidate the link we discovered between gender equity and more
peaceful societies.





n21  Id.





n22  Id.





n23  Id.





n24  In our 2003 study, the HDI data available from the UN included 144
countries. In that study, we divided the countries into five groups of
twenty-five and a sixth group of nineteen countries. Dworkin & Schipani, supra
note 1, at 533.





n25  Id. at 538. As explained above, the last group consists of fewer countries
(fifteen instead of twenty-five), so this number may not be an accurate
reflection.





n26  Id. at 534-38. Again, the last group does not reflect this, but likely
because it is a smaller sample than the rest of the groups.





n27  HUMAN DEVELOPMENT REPORT 2005, supra note 6.





n28  Id.





n29  CONFLICT BAROMETER 2005, supra note 20.





n30  Id.





n31  Dworkin & Schipani, supra note 1, at 538-42.





n32  Id. at 542-52. In addition to nondiscrimination in hiring and advancement,
the policies should include bans on harassment, equal pay and or comparable
worth, and nondiscrimination on the basis of pregnancy and motherhood. Of
course, there should be incentives and oversight to ensure the effectiveness of
the policies.





n33  Id. at 552-55.





n34  Id. at 555-57.





n35  Id. at 557-61.





n36  Id. at 557 (citing George F. Dreher, 8c Taylor H. Jr. Cox, Race, Gender,
and Opportunity: A Study of Compensation Attainment and the Establishment of
Mentoring Relationships, J. APPLIED PSYCHOL. 297, 298 (1996)).





n37  Dworkin 8c Schipani, supra note 1, at 561. See also Cindy A. Schipani et
al., Women and the New Corporate Governance: Pathways for Women to Obtain
Positions of Organizational Leadership, 65 MD.L. REV. 504, 529 (2007).





n38  Dworkin 8c Schipani, supra note 1, at 557.





n39  See, e.g., Ronald J. Burke, Mentors in Organizations, 9 GROUP & ORG. STUD.
353 (1984); Ellen A. Fagenson, The Mentor Advantage: Perceived Career/Job
Experiences of Proteges vs. Non-Proteges, J. ORG. BEHAV. 298, 309 (1989). See
also George F. Dreher & Ronald A. Ash, A Comparative Study of Mentoring Among
Men and Women in Managerial, Professional, and Technical Positions, 75 J.
APPLIED PSYCHOL. 539 (1990) (providing evidence that employees with extensive
mentoring relationships received more promotions, higher income, and experienced
more satisfaction with their pay and benefits). In a review of literature on
mentoring among lawyers, the authors found that lack of mentoring may be one of
the key reasons for few female and minority lawyers holding high-level,
powerful, organizational positions. Mentoring helped the women; it did not seem
to help the men. Aarti Ramaswami et al., Do Female Lawyers Need Good Counsel?
The Effects of Gender and Mentoring on Career Outcomes in the Law Profession
625-26 (2006) (unpublished manuscript, on file with the authors).





n40  Aarti Ramaswami et al., Mentoring and Career Outcome: The Importance of
Cultural Context and Values 2-3 (2006) (unpublished manuscript, on file with the
authors). The authors note that most of the research on mentoring and its
effects on career outcomes has been conducted using Caucasian samples and that
very little exists in non-Western cultures. In a 2004 meta-analysis of mentoring
studies by T.D. Allen, 81% of the samples were U.S. based, although there were a
few studies from Australia, Belgium, Canada, Great Britain, Hong Kong, Ireland,
and Singapore. In a study among Taiwanese professionals designed to test the
cross-cultural validity of some of the mentoring-outcome hypotheses supported in
Western samples, the authors found enough variation to note that better
understanding of the indigenous conceptualizations and dynamics of mentoring
relationships and the role of cultural context and values needs to be studied.
Id. at 17-24.





n41  See Dreher & Cox, supra note 36, at 298.





n42  K.E. KRAM, MENTORING AT WORK: DEVELOPMENTAL RELATIONSHIPS IN ORGANIZATIONAL
Life 24-43 (1985).





n43  Mentors provide legitimacy to the mentee by indirectly indicating to other
powerful decision makers in the organization and industry that the woman is
competent and fit for the profession and possesses desirable characteristics
usually associated with male mentees, thereby increasing her socio-political
capital. Ramaswami et al., supra note 40, at 18-19.





n44  Fagenson, supra note 39, at 309.





n45  KRAM, supra note 42, at 24-43.





n46  This, in turn, results in lower turnover. See T.W. Doughtery & George F.
Dreher, Mentoring and Career Outcomes: Conceptual and Methodological Issues in
an Emerging Literature, in BELLE RAGINS & KATHY KRAM, HANDBOOK OF MENTORING AT
WORK: RESEARCH, THEORY AND PRACTICE (forthcoming).





n47  See, e.g., Burke, supra note 39; Fagenson, supra note 39. See also Dreher
8c Ash, supra note 39 (providing that employees with extensive mentoring
relationships received more promotions, higher income, and experienced more
satisfaction with their pay and benefits).





n48  See, e.g., Belle Rose Ragins, Gender and Mentoring Relationships, in
HANDBOOK OF GENDER 8c WORK 347, 348 (Gary N. Powell ed. 1999) (stating that
mentoring is "essential for women" in order to achieve success within an
organization and indicating that catalyst report reveals 91% of female
executives they surveyed had mentors); Jane E. Dutton et al., Red Light, Green
Light: Making Sense of the Organizational Context for Issue Selling, 13 ORG.
SCI. 355, 356 (2002) (providing that newcomers to organizations are at a
particular disadvantage in interpreting the organizational cues "because they
have no history and limited contacts for making sense of the context").





n49  See Juree Vichit-Vadakan, Women and the Family in Thailand in the Midst of
Social Change, 28 L. & SOC'Y REV. 515, 522-24(1994) (referring to Thailand,
where women have made gains in entering the paid workforce, but are prevented
from achieving parity with men by the "beauty culture" and the traditional
notion of their being appendages to men).





n50  Id. at 515.





n51  See generally Dutton et al., supra note 48, at 356 (providing that women
are also at greater risk when trying to raise potentially controversial issues
such as gender-related issues).





n52  Ramaswami, supra note 40, at 2-3.





n53  In an environment where there has been discrimination, studies indicate
that the mentor needs to be someone who has traditionally been seen as powerful
within the organization. See Dreher & Cox, supra note 36, at 297 (mentees
mentored by white males earned an average of $ 16,840 more than those who had
women or minorities as mentors); George F. Dreher & Josephine A. Chargois,
Gender, Mentoring Experiences, and Salary Attainment among Graduates of an
Historically Black University, 53 J. VOCATIONAL BEHAV. 401 (1998) (African
American graduates of traditionally black colleges who were mentored by white
males had higher pay than their peers who did not have white male mentors).





n54  Dutton et al., supra note 48, at 365. See also Ragins, supra note 48, at
348 (noting "Cultural patterns of interaction influence every aspect of an
organization and give information about what is collectively valued and how
people typically behave and react.").





n55  Ragins, supra note 48, at 348.





n56  Id. at 348. They help women overcome the "male managerial model." Id.





n57  Id. at 369-70 (indicating that there is very little research on mentoring
outside the United States and citing Hofstede's work on cultural differences to
note that effective mentoring relationships in cultures which have collectivist
orientations may differ from the Western model).





n58  Reasons include availability, the anxiety caused by perceptions of romantic
involvement or tokenism, and similarity-attraction processes. Ramaswami, supra
note 40, at 13-14, 18.





n59  In U.S. male-dominated professions, cross-gender mentoring is common. See
Penn State Great Valley School of Graduate Professional Studies, News Release:
Women Role Models, http://www.gv.psu.edu/content470.htm (last visited Nov. 3,
2006).





n60  Sylvia Maxfield, Modifying Best Practices in Women's Advancement for the
Latin American Context, 20 WOMEN IN MGMT. REV. 249, 256 (2005).





n61  See Connie R. Wanberg et al., Mentoring Research: A Review and Dynamic
Process Model, 22 RES. IN PERSONNEL & HUMAN RESOURCES MGMT. 39, 40 (2003).





n62  See, e.g., Monica L. Forret, Issues Facing Organizations When Implementing
Formal Mentoring Programmes, 17 LEADERSHIP & ORG. DEV. J. 27, 27 (1996)
(indicating that mentoring is most effective when the mentor is at least two
levels above the protege and is not in a direct reporting relationship with the
protege's supervisor); Jenny Headlam-Wells et al., "There's Magic in the Web:"
E-mentoring for Women's Career Development, 10 CAREER DEV. INT'L. 444, 459
(2005) (providing that group mentoring allows proteges to deal with change and
acquire new knowledge more effectively and that online mentoring may be
beneficial because it allows proteges to take responsibility for initiating
contact and to play an active role in the relationship); Mara H. Washburn &
Alexander W. Crispo, Strategic Collaboration: Developing a More Effective
Mentoring Model, 27 REV. BUS. 18, 24 (2006) (stating that team mentoring is
beneficial because it allows anyone to participate and it doesn't require a
selection process by executives or proteges).





n63  See, e.g., Madaline M. Crocitto et al., Global Mentoring as a Means of
Career Development and Knowledge Creation, 10 CAREER DEV. INT'L. 522, 523
(2005); Janice C. Molloy, Development Networks: Literature Review and Future
Research, 10 CAREER DEV. INT'L. 536 (2005). Although some authors have used the
term "constellation of mentors" or network, we use the term mosaic to emphasize
the vivid patterning of multiple mentoring relationships. See, e.g., Monica C.
Higgins & David A. Thomas, Constellations and Careers: Toward Understanding the
Effects of Multiple Developmental Relationships, 22 J. ORG. BEHAV. 223 (2001).





n64  For arguments in support of concurrent mentors to prepare for the
expatriate experience during the time overseas and to return to the home base,
see Michael Harvey et al., Mentoring dual-Career Expatriates: A Sense-Making and
Sense-Giving Social Support Process, 19 INT'L J. HUM. RESOURCES MGMT. 808
(1999); John M. Mezias & Terri A. Scandura, A Needs-Driven Approach to
Expatriate Adjustment and Career Development: A Multiple Mentoring Perspective,
36 J. INT'L BUS. STUD. 519, 530-32 (2006).





n65  Crocitto, supra note 63, at 530.





n66  Id. (discussing why the expatriate should continue to mentor the host
nationals for at least twelve months and how technology is particularly useful
for this purpose, especially for continued mentoring of new host country
talent). The authors explain, "Because of the trend towards using local
nationals rather than headquarters personnel to run local operations,
expatriates can be used to help develop a knowledgeable, culturally-sensitive,
and organizationally-aware cadre of local managers." Id.





n67  Id. at 525.





n68  Ellen A. Ensher et al., Online Mentoring and Computer-Mediated
Communication: New Directions in Research, 63 J. VOCATIONAL BEHAV. 264 (2003).





n69  Id.





n70  See, e.g., John M. Mezias& Terri A. Scandura, A Needs-Driven Approach to
Expatriate Adjustment and Career Development: A Multiple Mentoring Perspective,
36 J. INT'L BUS. STUD. 519, 527-29 (2005); Crocitto, supra note 63.





n71  This would be particularly useful when the number of available mentors is
limited.





n72  See Headlam-Wells et al., supra note 62, at 455 (discussing how women are
often reluctant to initiate contacts with mentors; some feel freer to initiate
contact through e-mentoring, as well as play a more active role in online
discussions). Other benefits cited by the authors include taking pressure off
mentors because they are not expected to give an immediate response,
confidentiality, and security. Id.





n73  "UNDP is the UN's global development network, an organization advocating
for change and connecting countries to knowledge, experience and resources to
help people build a better life." UNITED NATIONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMME,
http://www.undp.org/about/ (last visited Aug. 15, 2006). UNDP is currently
working with 166 of their own solutions to global and national development
challenges. Specifically, the organization helps developing countries attract
and use aid effectively. In all of its activities, UNDP encourages the
protection of human rights and the empowerment of women. Id.





n74  "UNIFEM is the women's fund at the United Nations. It provides financial
and technical assistance to innovative programmes and strategies that promote
women's human rights, political participation and economic security. Within the
UN system, UNIFEM promotes gender equality and links women's issues and concerns
to national, regional and global agendas by fostering collaboration and
providing technical expertise on gender mainstreaming and women's empowerment
strategies." UNITED NATIONS DEVELOPMENT FUND FOR WOMEN,
http://www.womenwarpeace.org/about_us.htm (last visited Aug. 15, 2006). The
Rwanda program is part of UNIFEM's program, Bridging the Gender Digital Divide
in Africa Through Strategic Partnerships, in turn, based on the African Digital
Diaspora network.





n75  Empowering Rwandan Women through ICT, WOMEN OF UGANDA NETWORK, http://www.
wougnet.org/Documents/UNIFEM/EmpowerRwandaWomen.html (last visited May 1, 2006)
(discussing other goals of the program, which include building new partnerships
and providing access to finance). The site also includes information about how
the groups include experts, private-sector entrepreneurs, women's organizations,
youth groups, and representatives from government agencies.





n76  Id. (stating that "Nile ultimate vision of the project is to create a model
of successful e-commerce and online marketing for local women, which can serve
as a case study to boost policy changes and investments needed in Rwanda's own
path towards an ICT-enabled economy for poverty reduction").





n77  Bridging the Gender Digital Divide in Africa Through Strategic Partnerships
, UNITED NATIONS DEVELOPMENT FUND FOR WOMEN,
http://www.uneca.org/aisi/daw-ws/UNIFEM%2ODDI%20FS.doc (last visited Aug. 15,
2006).





n78  See Keiko Morris, Macy's Sells Rwandan "Peace Baskets," KNIGHT RIDDER TRIB.
BUS. NEWS, Mar. 15, 2006, at 1; Gayle Tzemach, Developing Markets: Rwanda's
Women Entrepreneurs are Making Headway in Difficult Conditions for Start-ups,
FIN. TIMES, Sept. 14, 2005, at 11.





n79  Kampala Declaration: Africa Launch of the Digital Diaspora Initiative,
UNITED NATIONS DEVELOPMENT FUND FOR WOMEN, www.unifem.org (last visited July 6,
2006).





n80  Women and ICTs, UNITED NATIONS DEVELOPMENT FUND FOR WOMEN,
www.unifern.org/campaigns/wsis/unifems_work.html (last visited July 6, 2006).





n81  The IWF/JC is a "private independent association of women who have achieved
valuable accomplishments in public life, private sector or civic society, with a
mission to be a catalyst in the acceleration of proactive participation of
Jordanian women in their own communities . . . The Forum seeks to create a
communication network between its members and the other women in the society to
enable them to exchange expertise and ideas and to assist them in supporting
each other. It also seeks to empower women to be agents of change and
improvement in the community, and to expand 8c accelerate their glass ceiling
level in their personal and professional lives." Press Release, Middle East
Company News Wire, Mar. 13, 2003 (on file with authors).





n82  Id.





n83  Id.





n84  Id.





n85  Leadership Mission Statement, INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S FORUM LEADERSHIP
FOUNDATION, http://iwforum.browsermedia.com/leadership/mission/main.html (last
visited July 7, 2006).





n86  Id. (discussing the program's access to some of the world's most successful
women). IWF's 4,000 members have included Madeleine Albright, Jill Barad, Gert
Boyle, Julia Child, Eleanor Clift, Hillary Clinton, Johnnetta Cole, April
Cornell, Paola Fendi, Geraldine Ferraro, Ann Fudge, Kay Bailey Hutchison, Mary
Landrieu, Evelyn Lauder, Bette Bao Lord, Zanele Mbeki, Denise Morrison, Sandra
Day O'Connor, Cokie Roberts, Muriel Siebert, Gillian Martin Sorensen, and
Christine Todd Whitman. As part of their year-long program, the Fellows receive
mentoring from IWF members, ongoing leadership training, extensive networking
opportunities, the opportunity to attend the IWF World Leadership Conference, a
customized week-long educational program at the Harvard Business School, and a
tailored four-day program at Cambridge University's Judge Institute of
Management Studies.





n87  PROGRAMS, INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S FORUM LEADERSHIP FOUNDATION FELLOWS
PROGRAM, http://iwforum.browsermedia.com/leadership/mission/main.html (last
visited July 7, 2006).





n88  Janneke Jellema & Magdalena Mazon Hernandez, Empowerment of Women in Cuba:
Experiences of the SOFIA Mentor Programme, IIZ-DVV-PUBLICATION,
http://www.iiz-dvv.de/englisch/Publikationen/Ewb_ausgaben/59_2003/engiellema.htm
(last visited Nov. 15, 2006).





n89  Id. (discussing the basis of the program, specifically, Preparing Women to
Lead, funded by EU-Equal Opportunities, from 1997 to 2000).





n90  Id.





n91  EUROPEAN COMMISSION, RESEARCH DIRECTORATE--GENERAL, DIRECTORATE C--SCIENCE
AND SOCIETY, Results and Recommendationss From The International WIR-Conference
On Women In Industrial Research--Speeding Up Changes in Europe (Oct. 31, 2003).





n92  Carol B. Muller & Jennifer M. Chou-Green, Advancing Women on Engineering
Faculties: MentorNet's Academic Career E-Mentoring Program, MENTORNET
PROCEEDINGS, WEPAN/NAMEPA JOINT CONFERENCE (2005).





n93  Andrea Chipman, Mentoring Helps Women Navigate Career Changes, WALL ST. J.,
Mar. 27, 2002, available at http://www.hightech-women.com/mentoring.html.





n94  Id. Women were matched with senior mentors from the public and private
sectors.





n95  The women participated in a special mentoring session with top American
executives. Gail Lichtman, Spreading the wealth, JERUSALEM POST, Apr. 29, 2005,
at 12.





n96  Alison Maitland, Business Life, FIN. TIMES, Oct. 14, 2005, at 36.





n97  Tracey Drury, Area Women's Mentoring Programs are Growing, 20 BUS. FIRST,
Aug. 20, 2004, at 1.





n98  See Chowdry, infra note 103 (discussing how Grameen made the loans in
Bangladesh). Ninety-five percent of Grameen Bank's 2.3 million members are
women. Id.





n99  See, e.g., Eric Bellman, Entrepreneur Gets Big Banks to Back Very Small
Loans, WALL ST. J., May 15, 2006, at Al; Rachael Emma Silverman, A New Way to Do
Well by Doing Good, BUS. NEWS, Jan. 5, 2006,
http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/06005/633114.stm. The article states that over
3,100 microfinance institutions reported that their client list was in excess of
92 million clients by the end of 2004.





n100  See http://www.povertyfighters.com/links/links.cfm for links to many
resources and microloan provider Web sites.





n101  MWANGI S. KIMENYI, STRATEGIC ISSUES IN MICROFINANCE, CONTEMPORARY
PERSPECTIVES ON DEVELOPING SOCIETIES 76 (1998).





n102  See Wardle, infra note 112. Although income varies by country and program,
some studies show an increase of 12.9% in an Indonesian program (as compared to
3% in the control group), and on the island of Lombak, a 112% increase.





n103  Geeta Chowdhry, Book Review,
http://jpe.library.arizona.edu/volume_7/Rahman1200.html (last visited Nov. 15,
2006) (reviewing AMINUR RAHMAN, WOMEN AND MICROCREDIT IN RURAL BANGLADESH: AN
ANTHROPOLOGICAL STUDY OF GRAMEEN BANK LENDING (1999)). Societal benefits include
helping develop rural areas which tend to lag behind cities. Another benefit of
some cooperative microlending programs is that they force saving. In order to
borrow from the cooperative, people must make a small deposit every month. This
gives them an economic cushion during hard times as well as the ability to take
out a loan. See Dan Denny, Small Loans Help with Life's Basics, HOOSIER TIMES,
July 30, 2006, at A4.





n104  See Abdul Bayes et al., Beneath the Surface: Microcredit and Women's
Empowerment, 32 J. DEVELOPING AREAS 221 (1998) (comparing female borrowers in
nongovernmental organization programs and women without loans).





n105  See Wardle, infra note 112 (discussing how the women are typically part of
a peer group which is often run by women who have successfully repaid their
loans). The groups meet regularly, and if a woman cannot pay, she must explain
to the group. This peer pressure is responsible for the extremely high
nondefault rates.





n106  Id.





n107  Id. But see Chowdhry, supra note 103 for the argument that the loans, made
in a highly patriarchal system, without changes in society that allow women
space in the prevailing power structure, make empowerment of women unattainable.
The Bangladesh Ambassador, Ahmed Chowdry, however, stated that microfinance
gives women social and political empowerment and cited the increased women's
role in politics. Jennifer Mascia, Development: Start-up Funds Helping Women Get
a Fresh Start, GLOBAL INFO. NETWORK, Mar. 8, 2005, at 1. The Self Employed
Women's Association is a critic of microlending because of the high interest
rates and weekly repayment requirements which, they say, put women just "one
cyclone away" from destitution. They argue for insurance and not having all of a
family's money tied up with lending institutions. Id.

   Yet, there are several reports of successful women who say their husbands
stopped beating them as they gained success and economic clout. See, e.g., Smita
Jain, India: Micro No More, WOMEN'S FEATURE SERV., Jan. 9, 2006, at 1; Mascia,
supra. Several of the lending institutions have outreach programs which can
include getting husbands to stop beating their wives, and educational and health
services such as gynecological care.





n108  Bellman, supra note 99, at A12.





n109  Id. at Al. For example, Citigroup, Inc., ABN Amro Holding NV, and HSBC
Holdings PLC have provided millions of dollars to an Indian company that makes
microloans. Citigroups' main microloan business has been in Latin America. Id.
The largest microlending for-profit company in India has quadrupled its client
base in the last year. Id.





n110  Id. It is often under 3%. For U.S. credit card companies, it is around 5%.
However, the costs of managing the thousands of small loans can eat up profit
unless managed efficiently.





n111  In traditional microloan situations, microfinance programs often cover
their own costs in three to ten years. Denny, supra note 103, at A12.





n112  Id. In India, the lower rates of the private microloans is less than what
most city dwellers pay on credit-card debt and less than half of loan shark
charges. Recently, several farmers committed suicide when they could not repay
the loan sharks. Id. Interest on nonprofit-made loans can run between 25% and
100%. See also Sam Wardle, Macro Success through Microfinance,
http://www.aworldconnected.org/Research/pubid. 2882/research detail.asp (last
visited Aug. 16, 2006).





n113  Bellman, supra note 99, at A12.





n114  Id.





n115  Id.





n116  Kimenyi, supra note 101.





n117  Bellman, supra note 99, at A12. This is true for ICICI Bank in
Bombay/Mumbai, which teams up with about 100 microfinance institutions.





n118  In a variation on microlending, the South African paper maker Sappi
Manufacturing makes interest-free loans to subsistence farmers to start
self-sustaining tree farms. It also provides them with plant material and
technical advice. The program has grown to almost 1,000 growers and provides
124,000 tons of timber a year to the company. An additional benefit is that the
company gets credit for its corporate social responsibility for the black
empowerment project. David Biello, The South African Brand of CSR, BUS. ETHICS
12, 12 (2006).





n119  Id.





n120  Marleen A. O'Connor, Symposium: Women and the "New" Corporate Governance:
Women Executives in Gladiator Corporate Cultures: The Behavioral Dynamics of
Gender, Ego, and Power, 65 MD. L. REV. 465, 474 (2006) (citing Andrea L. Stape,
Chairwomen of Deloitte & Touche's U.S. Board Says Diversity Is Key, KNIGHT
RIDDER TRIB. BUS. NEWS, Mar. 18, 2004).





n121  O'Connor, supra note 121, at 474 (citing J. Veronica Biggins, Making Board
Diversity Work, CORP. BOARD, July-Aug. 1999, at 11).


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Copyright (c) 2015 University of Miami
                    International and Comparative Law Review

                                  Spring, 2015

          University of Miami International and Comparative Law Review

                     22 U. Miami Int'l & Comp. L. Rev. 261

LENGTH: 10017 words

ARTICLE: MICROFINANCE: IMPORTING REGULATIONS IN REFORMS FOR THE REAL SMALL
BUSINESSES

NAME: Triet Leminh

TEXT:
 [*261]  I. INTRODUCTION

   In the Jackson Heights neighborhood of Queens, New York, Guadalupe Perez and
her husband are entrepreneurs.  n1 The couple owns a party decoration store in
which they invested their life savings, and where they have worked every day to
earn about $ 29,000 a year, considered "very low" income in New York.  n2 When
the business suffered during the recent recession, the couple had difficulty
paying rent, but they were afraid of going to a bank.  n3  [*262]  Instead, they
turned to Grameen America, the stateside sister company of Grameen Bank in
Bangladesh.  n4 Grameen provided an initial loan that helped them remain open,
and additional bans enabled them to expand.  n5

   Tigist Reda owns Demera Ethiopian Restaurant in Uptown, Chicago.  n6 She
recently hosted Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel to speak about the city's Microloan
Institute in order to help introduce small business owners to a pool of $
700,000 for microloans.  n7 Even with substantial equity in the restaurant, she
struggled to secure enough additional loan capital for renovations.  n8 The
restaurant's "good food and good location" were apparently not enough.  n9
Through bans provided by the Institute, Reda was able not only to renovate the
restaurant, but also to hire twelve new employees and begin considering a second
location.  n10

   Kiva Microfunds is a non-profit organization with a mission "to connect
people through lending to alleviate poverty."  n11 Its loan model exploits a
recent surge in the popularity of crowdfunding. Through a web-based platform,
anyone can lend a minimum of twenty-five dollars to be packaged as a loan to
individual entrepreneurs and collectives around the world "without access to
traditional banking systems."  n12 More recently, however, Kiva has diverted
some of its attention to credit needs in different metropolitan areas in the
United States. For example, Kiva City Louisville, one of nine other Kiva
platforms in various U.S. cities, lists local businesses requesting bans of up
to $ 5,000 with no interest.  n13  [*263]  Premal Shah, co-founder and president
of Kiva, calls it "a movement of lending local," just like "buying local and
eating local."  n14

   These examples emphasize the potential for positive social impact from the
adoption of alternative credit sources, sources that include microfinance. This
article considers the lack of legal certainty in the United States' regulation
of microfinance and suggests that it is well advised for certain reforms to be
implemented both to promote microfinance and to ensure credit safety for these
products. Alongside a proliferation of for-profit entities engaged in an
inherently contradictory "humanitarian banking" business, it appears that this
uncertainty could be addressed via select conventions employed abroad. Part II
of this article provides an overview of microfinance and its ambitions and Part
III details certain provisions of United States law that apply to, or serve as a
basis for thinking about microfinance. Finally, Part IV discusses select
strategies employed around the world in regulating the field and evaluates both
their potential for success and possible shortcomings if implemented in the
United States.

II. MICROFINANCE

   Microfinance refers to the financial services industry that has principally
served communities and individuals in developing nations that lack access to
more mainstream financial services.  n15 The Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision (BCBS) understands the term to mean "the provision of financial
services in limited amounts to low-income persons and small, informal
businesses."  n16 These services typically include credit and deposit accounts.
The BCBS also notes that borrowers of these funds are "typically concentrated in
a limited geographic area, social segment or entrepreneurial undertaking."  n17
These bans often come with high interest rates to  [*264]  offset high
administrative costs and to make up for the risk derived from borrowers'
questionable creditworthiness and lack of collateral.  n18 Microfinance
institutions (MFIs) in developing regions issue these bans with the
understanding that borrowers should use them to fund income-producing activities
or small businesses. Many of these MFI products are considered drivers of
economic growth that foster the development of a country's financial sector.
n19 Often, they are the only way for certain communities (where formai financial
instruments are otherwise unavailable, inaccessible, or prohibitively expensive)
to acquire working capital for projects. Of course, the intent is that
individuals will use such credit for productive endeavors rather than for
personal consumption.  n20 Access to credit means access to capital, in theory
jumpstarting a community, creating jobs, and increasing the community's economic
productivity. A number of studies show that economic growth is not only
correlated with financial intermediary development, but might be caused by such
development.  n21 Most of these studies look to the development in the macro
economies of developing nations, but economically-neglected communities and
populations without access to traditional financial intermediaries in the United
States benefit as well. Alternative financial intermediaries such as MFIs
provide the starting point, whereas legal reforms that "strengthen creditor
rights, contract enforcement, and accounting practices, can boost financial
intermediary development and accelerate economic growth."  n22 On the debtor
side, however, regulation is needed to ensure continued growth and to prevent
problems.

 [*265]  III. LEGAL REGIMES IN THE UNITED STATES

   Microfinance is intended to address the population, which not only includes
those in developing nations, but also people like Guadalupe and countless others
in the United States who are financially crippled from unequal access to credit.
However, due to its connotation of a tiny loan, many still label microfinance as
an exotic humanitarian instrument reserved for the third world.  n23 In light of
this, there is still a mere patchwork of law and regulation surrounding this
type of small loan lending, and the non-profit organizations that mostly
participate do not fall under the umbrella of any specific regulatory agency.
n24 Beyond small business lending requirements implemented by individual states
and requirements for non-profit tax accounting, it is largely unregulated.  n25

   A. Funding the Everyday Hustler: The Community Reinvestment Act and
Subsequent Measures

   Since 1977, several laws enacted in the United States have recognized
disparate access to credit and supported community entrepreneurs. Together, they
act as a foundation for the idea of small bans in the United States. A series of
legislation shows signs of Congress's principled intentions, but poor execution.
In passing the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (CRA), Congress aimed to
require regulated financial institutions to demonstrate that they "serve the
convenience and needs of the communities in which they are chartered to do
business."  n26 This included "the need for credit services as well as deposit
services,"  n27 and "regulated financial institutions" are defined as those with
FDIC-insured deposits.  n28 But  [*266]  the CRA has been criticized as lacking
teeth with its "scant directives" of encouragement.  n29 Critics also point out
a practical deficiency in that it lacked a basis for determining the particular
institutions selected to carry out its mandate of meeting credit needs.  n30

   Subsequent regulations passed during the Clinton administration in 1995
reconciled some of the CRA's statutory ambiguities.  n31 The regulations allowed
for a particular bank to choose between evaluations under a standard compliance
test or developing their own strategic tests as well as the criteria of
activities to satisfy the tests.  n32 Most importantly, the regulations not only
incentivized but required banks to invest in, lend to, and assist local
organizations called community development financial institutions (CDFIs).  n33

   CDFIs remained outside of legislative attention until roughly two decades
after the CRA, when the Community Development Banking and Financial Institutions
Act of 1994 was passed to "promote economic revitalization and community
development" by providing "[government] investment in and assistance to
community development financial institutions."  n34 Under this Act, funds were
earmarked for CDFIs to distribute to "underserved communities." Around the same
time, Congress passed the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA), acknowledging
that the target population for smaller bans to the "community" was mostly
comprised of minority borrowers.  n35 Implemented by the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve in Regulation B,  n36 the ECOA makes it "unlawful for any
creditor to discriminate against any applicant, with respect to any aspect of a
credit transaction" for reasons including race, color,  [*267]  religion,
national origin, sex, martial status, age, or an applicant's receipt of public
assistance.  n37 But funds and their availability were only a part of what
borrowers required. A few years later, the Program for Investment in
Microentrepreneurs (PRIME) Act of 1999 allocated federal funds for programs
offering training, technical assistance, and capacity-building to
microenterprises.  n38

   The foregoing legislative initiatives came alongside other reforms designed
to expand the scope of authorized bank powers, reforms culminating in the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) of 1999.  n39 The GLBA removed the division
between commercial and investment banking activities.  n40 In doing so, it
opened the door for banks to engage in numerous securities, insurance, and
merchant banking activities through affiliation, consolidation, and the use of
subsidiaries.  n41

   B. Post-Crisis

   Between 1990 and the early 2000s, small business owners relied heavily on
home equity lines of credit and business credit cards to finance capital
expenditures.  n42 But in the wake of the financial crisis, the availability of
both experienced a drastic decline, due in part to tightened lending standards.
n43 Economic recovery following the crisis yielded a substantial increase in
credit extended to small businesses in the United States between 2007 and 2014.
According to the Thomson Reuters/PayNet Small Business Lending Index (SBLI),
financing in amounts under $ 1 million experienced an  [*268]  eleven percent
jump in July 2014 alone.  n44 Part of this increase was likely attributed to the
current administration's impressive list of bailout commitments, although its
actual investments thankfully came up short of the original figures. These
amounts were as follows: $ 700 billion to "systemically important institutions"
under the Trouble Asset Relief Program (TARP), $ 6.4 trillion from the Federal
Reserve to restore liquidity in the financial markets, and $ 1.2 trillion to
various federal stimulus programs designed to "save or create jobs" and
"jumpstart the economy."  n45 Most relevant to the purposes of this article, the
central legislation that enabled this $ 1.2 trillion allocation was the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA, or the "stimulus"), which promised $ 400
million over two years to CDFIs.  n46

   However, the sub- $ 1 million category of small business financings examined
by the SBLI fails to consider the backbone of the American economy, the smallest
of small businesses. The category is overly inclusive. The Census Bureau's
latest report crams 97.7 percent of all private businesses in the United States
under the "small business" moniker.  n47 Eighty-five percent of all United
States businesses employ five or fewer employees.  n48 The "small," or more
appropriately, "micro," businesses receiving Grameen America's unsecured bans
borrowed modest amounts of $ 1,500 to $ 8,000,  n49 rather than amounts between
$ 10,000 and $ 1 million. Though their desired bans are small, borrowers'
insufficient credit histories and lack of collateral equates to presumably low
tender confidence. This means that many of these businesses fall outside of the
scope of  [*269]  consideration for traditional tenders, especially commercial
banks, and possibly even retail banks. These tenders look to be those
contributing to the data accounted for by the SBLI. Microenterprises continue to
be an afterthought to banks, and part of ARRA intended to close this gap
accordingly.

   C. Protecting Borrowers

   White most MFIs fall outside of the format statutory regime governing banks
and other for-profit (including "predatory") Tenders, these regulations in the
United States are a starting point in evaluating effective frameworks for
microfinance activities. The problem is categorizing MFIs. Commercial bank
investments in CDFIs fall under the term, as do a myriad of tax-exempt nonprofit
institutions. The infant sector of independent (from commercial banks)
for-profit MFIs is also to be considered. This section will discuss both the
statutory and regulatory controls that have been placed on banks and other
financial institutions. If MFIs continue to expand as they have, there should
either be reforms treating them as distinct classes of organizations, or changes
to allow more clarity and safety under the current structure of bureaucratic
oversight.

   The recent financial crisis forced the world, and especially the United
States, to evaluate shortcomings in the regulatory environment. To address them,
the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or Dodd-Frank Act,
reconsidered the past few decades' trend of deregulation, and addressed both
ends of the wealth spectrum in the United States.  n50 Especially considering
the criticized GLBA expansion of authorized bank activities,  n51 it tackled
dormant problems in the powerful, interconnected banking and financial services
industries. Included among legislative concerns was the inadequacy of loan
regulations, something crucial to microfinance if it wishes to progress. Former
head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), Elizabeth Warren, asked
why financial products (specifically mortgages) that "catch fire" causing
[*270]  financial ruin one out of twenty times are allowed to be sold whereas
toasters that only do so one out of a hundred times are not.  n52 Microcredit
should be subject to at least some "safety" measures and precautions especially
because it targets such a financially vulnerable demographic.

1. Interest Rates and Abuses

   Microfinance, although much less controversial, involves issues related to
payday and fringe lending.  n53 Considering the significant overlap in the
targeted low- to moderate-income population, existing experiences in regulation
of this field could assist to find a reasonable way to protect borrowers. In the
1900s, wage assignments were used to secure payday bans, entitling the lender to
collect payment due from the payroll office of the borrower's employer.  n54
Today, a typical situation in a payday loan is where the consumer writes a $ 300
check payable in two weeks (postdated) and in return receives $ 255 in cash at
the time he or she needs it.  n55 As its fee, the lender retains the remaining $
45.

   Early on, upon the realization that dissatisfaction with low usury caps drove
a substantial amount of lending activity to loan sharks, the model Uniform Small
Loan Law (USLL) was drafted in 1916 as the brainchild of the Russell Sage
Foundation.  n56 The law was the result of an effort by regulators, consumer
advocates, and lenders to facilitate "small-loan lending at the lowest
practicably profitable  [*271]  rates by licensed and transparent lenders."  n57
The USLL was adopted in three-quarters of the states in various forms by the
1950s.  n58 Some states in the 1930s attempted to reduce the ceiling, only to
experience the return of illegal loan sharking.  n59 These laws would have the
most teeth in cases where banks, bank subsidiaries, "affiliates," and other
large for-profit entities issue microloans through CDFIs.

   At the state level, usury laws force interest rate caps. However, payday
lenders have developed tactics to sustain high interest rates. Early lenders
took the position that state usury laws did not apply to them because their bans
were not bans per se and borrowers were incurring fees rather than interest.
n60 In light of federal law, more modem maneuvers to charge interest over state
caps have included affiliations with out-of-state banks.  n61 These affiliations
took advantage of the National Bank Act's provision allowing nationally
chartered banks to charge "interest at the rate allowed by the laws of the State
. . . where the bank is located,"  n62 and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act's
allowance of the same for state-chartered banks.  n63 However, in 2005, the FDIC
promulgated regulations to counter these affiliations through increased capital
requirements and added scrutiny for banks and thrifts affiliated with payday
lenders.

   Finally, laws including the Federal Trade Commission Act (FTC Act) and the
Consumer Credit Protection Act (CCPA) address collections practices on the
ground. The FTC Act created the Federal  [*272]  Trade Commission (FTC).  n64 In
relevant part, the FTC Act grants the FTC commissioner general authority to hear
and seek redress for consumer grievances for alleged incidents of "unfair
methods of competition in or affecting commerce, and unfair or deceptive acts or
practices in or affecting commerce,"  n65 It also allows the FTC commissioner to
promulgate rules, especially in "defin[ing] with specificity acts or practices
which are unfair or deceptive . . . ."  n66 Primarily in the mortgage context,
one of the CCPA's central provisions requires calculation of "finance charges .
. . as the sum of all charges payable directly or indirectly by the person to
whom the credit is extended, and imposed directly or indirectly by the creditor
as an incident to the extension of credit."  n67 But the calculation excludes
"charges of a type payable in a comparable cash transaction," and in the
mortgage context, those "imposed by third party closing agents."  n68

2. Transparency

   To facilitate positive economic impact, ensure debtor repayment, and prevent
the overextension of credit, regulation of microfinance should take transparency
needs into account. In addition to the usury concerns addressed above, credit
contracts have been widely criticized throughout the twentieth century for being
ambiguous.  n69 The post-World War II explosion in widespread consumer credit
use exposed serious deficiencies in consumers' understanding of these contracts.
n70 Varying methods of computing interest and the complexity of quoted credit
prices were primarily to blame, especially with the growth of the consumer
borrowing population.  n71 Furthermore, statutory terms and classifications
[*273]  defined by state governments in regulating consumer credit lacked
consistency.  n72

   The Truth in Lending Act (TILA), part of the CCPA, sought economic
stabilization and strengthening of competition among various lenders."  n73 It
requires a standard Annual Percentage Rate (APR) calculation for consumer loans,
n74 as well as a "single, integrated disclosure for mortgage loan transactions."
n75 In doing so, as the House Committee on Banking and Currency reported (to the
proposed legislation), "the American consumer will be given the information he
needs to compare the cost of credit and to make the best informed decision on
the use of credit."  n76

   Regulation Z, promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board under color of TILA's
statutory delegation, implements the statute, providing it with specificity.
n77 Regulation Z defines a "finance charge" as the "cost of consumer credit as a
dollar amount."  n78 Finance charges include a substantial list of interest,
premiums, fees, and various other charges.  n79 It then goes further to define
circumstances in which disclosures outlined in § 128 of TILA apply to extensions
of credit, specifically that such disclosures are necessary whenever "a finance
charge may be imposed or which pursuant to an agreement, is or may be payable in
more than four installments."  n80

   The scope of Regulation Z was contested in Mourning v. Family Publications
Svc., Inc., but the Supreme Court held that the rule was a valid exercise of the
Federal Reserve Board's rulemaking authority under TILA.  n81 Writing for the
majority, Chief Justice Burger noted Congress's policy transition "from a
philosophy of '[1]et the buyer beware' to one of '[l]et the seller disclose."'
n82 In July 2011, following the passage of Dodd-Frank, general rulemaking
authority under TILA was transferred from the Board of Governors of the  [*274]
Federal Reserve System to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.  n83

   D. Banking Regulation

   While many countries have explicit regulation for the microfinance sector,
n84 laws in the United States largely omit similar specific treatment. In short,
exposure to U.S. law depends heavily on how an MFI is categorized. One
suggestion is to divide them between mutual-aid, nonprofit, and for-profit
institutions.  n85 Another looks to further divide nonprofit institutions into
those primarily distributing federal funds (mostly CDFIs) and those operating
independently from the government.  n86

   MFI activities in issuing loans and providing checking and savings accounts
seem to align MFIs with banks, especially if the institution in question is
for-profit. To clarify, this section focuses on smaller institutions that begin
as mutual-aid or nonprofit and at some point transition to for-profit, rather
than banks involved in smalldollar lending as part of the statutory
"encouragement" discussed in Part III.A. On a global basis, there has been a
trend toward MFIs licensed as banks or specialized finance companies.  n87 These
MFIs are able to access capital markets, take deposits from institutional
investors, and participate in other commercial financing  [*275]  arrangements
typically beyond the reach of nonprofits.  n88 This, proponents argue, is how
microfinance can really have an impact, by "becom[ing] a fully integrated party
of a developing country's mainstream financial system."  n89 But with the
current state of credit in the United States, this statement should not be
confined to "developing countries."

   This section will focus on the possible scope of banking law in the United
States as it relates to for-profit MFIs and how U.S. law might consider such
entities. The most similar (to banks) of this group would theoretically be
subject to the gamut of federal banking regulation, including registration,
licensing, capital adequacy, and prudential requirements. Some suggest that most
MFIs are too small to involve systemic risk and hence do not require much if any
regulation.  n90 Others suggest that regulating these smaller, banking-related
institutions "may be impracticable because proportionately more regulatory
resources and costs are required to regulate them" and that private peer
supervision might be more effective considering their "small size and community
focus."  n91

1. Federal Oversight of Banks

   The Federal Depository Insurance Act of 1950 defines a bank as "any national
bank and State bank, and any Federal branch and insured branch; and . . .
includes any former savings association." State banks under the Act are "any
banking association, trust company, savings bank, industrial bank . . . or other
depository institution which . . . receiv[es] deposits, other than trust funds
... and is incorporated under the laws of any State . . ."  n92 The Act goes on
to include in its definition of savings associations "any corporation (other
than a bank) that the Board of Directors and the Comptroller of the Currency
jointly determine to be operating in  [*276]  substantially the same manner as a
savings association."  n93 It appears that at least some for-profit MFIs could
at least be determined to be "operating in substantially the same manner as a
savings association."  n94 With a more functional definition, the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956 includes "[a]n institution organized under the laws of the
United States, [or] any State ... which both accepts [sic] demand deposits or
deposits that the depositor may withdraw by check or similar means for payment
to third parties or others; and ... is engaged in the business of making
commercial loans."  n95 Again, MFIs accepting deposits and making loans would
fit. Many small loans might not be thought of as a commercial loan product,
especially with the prevalent use of payday loans for personal expenses.  n96
However, MFIs could easily condition loans on use for "entrepreneurial"
purposes. "Commercial loan" is left undefined by the Act and the usual, though
broad, understanding of this term is the business equivalent to consumer credit.
n97 Regardless of this, many MFIs merely involve compulsory contributions to
deposit or savings accounts elsewhere (at other institutions, usually banks) as
a precondition to extensions of credit,  n98 which might take such MFIs outside
of the first requirement of the BHCA.

   It is important to note that for better or for worse, many of the statutory
terms governing banking, savings and loan, and financial institutions, as well
as associated holding companies leave considerable room for regulatory
interpretation. In 1986, the Supreme Court held in FDIC v. Philadelphia Gear
Corp. that the FDIC's interpretation of the FDIA's scope of what a "deposit"
was, even without implementing regulation, entitled to the "considerable weight
[that] should be accorded to an executive department's  [*277]  construction of
a statutory scheme it is entrusted to administer."  n99 A decade later, the
Court similarly held that the Comptroller of the Currency's interpretation of
the "business of banking" term's scope is subject to Chevron deference, as long
as the Comptroller's discretion is exercised within "reasonable bounds."  n100
In the event that the propriety of regulating MFIs became an issue in
litigation, the Court under Chevron would likely defer to the agency's
interpretation absent extraordinary circumstances of the agency acting outside
the constraints of its organic statute.  n101 It is easy to see that regulating
at least some MFIs would be consistent with congressional intent.

   The FDIA was enacted in 1950, and the BHCA in 1956. Without a lengthy
discussion of other federal banking statutes, decades-old statutes as such seem
to already lay the legislative groundwork for MFI regulation, whether
full-fledged rulemaking is conducted or agency practice simply changes. The
authority exists, but the question is whether agency initiative does. In light
of the recent troubles with banks and financial institutions, maybe there is
initiative for oversight. Especially considering the Basel Committee's recent
focus on deposit-taking institutions as related to microfinance activities,
there is the added issue of what regulations are necessary in the event that
individuals do, and continue to, deposit significant amounts of their earnings
in MFIs. Many MFIs in the United States currently suggest partner banks or other
depository institutions for borrowers to make checking or savings deposits. But
some MFIs could choose to accept deposits themselves. They might be encouraged
to do so for funds once initial donor investment money is spent and further
growth is desired. In particular, those operating for profit and falling under
the usual bank regulatory regimes are likely to be subject to more requirements.
Some have argued that it is most appropriate for them to be supervised by
whatever regulator supervises commercial banks, requiring specialized staff
since both the risk characteristics of MFI loans and the supervisory techniques
[*278]  most suited to MFIs differ from those involved with commercial banks.
n102

IV. STRATEGIES TO IMPLEMENT

   In order to consider possible solutions for ensuring the expansion of
microfinance in the United States avoids the foregoing problems, it is worth
examining how various players at the international level have addressed the
issues of borrower protection and financial regulation. It may be that all the
necessary parts of rulemaking power are already in place to ensure
microfinance's longterm safety and viability, particularly to individual
consumers, but also as a potential part of financial markets.  n103

   A. What Kind of Regulation?

   Especially if the roots of MFIs in humanitarian aid are ignored, the type of
credit they extend seems in theory to resemble the usurious payday loans and
fringe products addressed in Part III.C. Regulation should attempt to quell this
concern. There might be a range of parties with interests in the level and
nature of regulation, namely the government in defending the public interest,
for-profit institutions in encouraging investment (in what might be described as
pseudo-social enterprises) while avoiding government constraints, and purely
nonprofit organizations in presenting sustainability to stakeholders.  n104

   MFIs self-regulating through Self Regulatory Organizations (SROs) should be
considered. In this context, self-regulation involves regulation by a body
"effectively controlled by the regulated entities,  [*279]  and thus not
effectively controlled by the government supervisor."  n105 The Financial
Industry Regulatory Agency (FINRA) is an example, but it is subject to the
"active and direct oversight of the SEC."  n106 For this reason, one author
argues FINRA is technically not a government entity, but should still be subject
to administrative law and constitutional restrictions.  n107 Regardless of how
an SRO governing MFIs is classified, the government would be less involved than
with direct agency oversight, but more involved than allowing regulation through
market forces.  n108 This might make it much more desirable than creation of yet
another regulatory agency or expanding of the scope of a particular agency's
oversight. The government would encourage self-regulation through rules that
"threaten costly litigation should [the] industry fail to deliver socially
desired outcomes."  n109 As a result, MFIs might comply with the applicable
SRO's rules even if just to avoid government intervention.  n110 To the
consumer, a successful SRO would inspire confidence through the related function
of hearing and addressing consumer concerns.  n111 An effective arrangement
could involve the SRO enjoying immunity from lawsuits, like securities industry
SROs,  n112 to isolate it from industry influence. At the same time, the SRO
would provide grievance redress, specifically for MFI borrowers.  n113

   In developing countries, however, self-regulation has seen its failure in
maintaining the soundness of financial intermediaries, leading critics to
calling it a gamble.  n114 To some extent, self-regulation  [*280]  is nothing
more than a meaningless political concession to no regulation.  n115 Further
criticism suggests that successful regulation through an SRO depends on whether
"the majority of institutions are under its jurisdiction and if sanctions for
non-compliance can be enforced," conditions that are seldom met.  n116

   Nevertheless, a regime of self-regulation might be an inexpensive measure to
precede full-scale regulatory involvement and test its self-regulation's
effectiveness. At the very least, it could encourage reporting and articulation
of "best practices."  n117 For guidance on borrower protection, the Consultative
Group to Assist the Poor (CGAP) and organizations such as Accion have promoted a
campaign for Client Protection Principles ("CPPs") to address avoidance of
over-indebtedness, transparent pricing, appropriate collection practices,
ethical staff behavior, mechanisms for grievance redress, and client data
privacy.  n118 As far as financial and prudential regulations, the Basel
Committee has done the same, as referenced in Part II.  n119 International best
practices are available from many different sources and could be adopted by the
applicable SRO, making compliance a requirement for membership. Membership would
then act as a quality-screening device for prospective borrowers.

   B. The Dilemma of Capping MFI Interest Rates

   Usury laws applied to MFIs present a complex problem. With respect to
for-profit lenders, regulators likely would not think twice to apply them. But
from the business perspective, high interest rates are necessary. MFIs issue
loans of small principal amounts. The loan cycles for MFI loans, designed to
help borrowers stay current and avoid substantial individual payments, are
shorter than those of traditional commercial loans, usually at six months to a
year with some amount due every week.  n120 Because this means more collection
activities and transactions for a given account, overall costs are  [*281]
substantially higher than those for traditional portfolios of fewer but larger
(and longer-term) loans.  n121 Many MFIs are forced to charge "obscene" interest
rates, much higher than commercial bank rates and outside of most regulators'
comfort zones, to cover these costs and remain financially sound.  n122 Without
alternatives, poor borrowers around the world have had little objection to these
high rates.  n123

On the one hand, countries with monopoly players dominating their microcredit
markets have been thought to achieve better results with caps, because they
increase market entry, encouraging competition with established players and
consequently driving loan prices down.  n124 However, caps might fall short of
lawmakers' good intentions when considering the high administrative costs
previously discussed. For example, Bolivia caps loan interest at three percent
per month.  n125 By American standards, the equivalent compounded maximum annual
rate of 42.58 percent, if charged, is criminally high. As a point of reference,
Florida law, which is already generous among its peers, declares usurious annual
rates higher than eighteen percent for loans under $ 500,000.  n126 For loans
over $ 500,000, it is a second-degree misdemeanor for a lender to charge annual
rates between twenty-five and forty-five percent and a third-degree felony to
charge more than forty-five percent.  n127 As generous as the Bolivian cap is,
it could fail as a consumer protection device if the rates charged are still too
harsh for borrowers and if MFIs are unable to operate efficiently. Where
pre-determined rates are imposed on lenders they usually prevent lenders from
covering their costs, barring them from "operat[ing] efficiently and
competitively."  n128 If enough sanctioned MFIs withdraw in a certain market,
borrowers would be forced to rely on informal lenders due to  [*282]  the
reduction in regulated lenders.  n129 In addition to usurious rates, the use of
abusive collections tactics might manifest as a problem. In theory, it could be
a matter of laws allowing different rates for different financial subsectors.
Such a policy is found in South Africa, where legislation authorizes the
Minister of Trade and Finance to set rates based on market data and in
consultation with the National Credit Regulators, an independent body of
economic experts.  n130 Regulation in the United States could seek to adjust
rates or rate caps on a more specific basis to balance the burden on borrowers
and the financial viability of MFIs.

   C. Consumer Protection: Abuses and Transparency

   Regardless of the type or amount of regulation imposed on MFIs, much of it
will fail without some degree of fairness to borrowers. Regulations should
prevent coercion and confusion. For a new regulatory body, policies and data
could be borrowed from the CFPB's playbook on credit products, or CGAP
guidelines.  n131 Microloan terms should be barred from containing the "tricks
and traps" of credit card (or mortgage) terms.  n132 The full range of an MFI's
loan offerings should be marketed as "vanilla" or standardized products without
provisions like balloon payments.  n133

   Best practices or regulation should also take a paternalistic stance against
exploitative practices. Some scholars have explored how welfare effects of
consumer credit are skewed by lender manipulation of consumer preferences.  n134
These scholars suggest that lenders exploit borrower optimism and insufficient
reasoning.  n135 The lenders leverage this behavior to persuade borrowers to
"enter credit transactions that reduce their consumption in the present and
future,  [*283]  do not result in investment or other gains, and simply transfer
their limited resources to lenders and investors."  n136

   Standardized loans go hand in hand with standardized terms, particularly
statements of cost. Loans made by different types of lenders routinely state the
cost of the loan according to different standards. For example "[a]nnual
percentage rate and total cost of credit count the cost of borrowing differently
and are used among other calculations."  n137 The gap between the requisite
literacy to fully understand financial products and actual borrower literacy
n138 is a problem that can be addressed uniform and easily understood standards.
Select CCPA and TILA provisions should be applied to microloans, especially
those mandating the standard APR calculation, the disclosure of the appropriate
"finance charge" and uniformity of disclosure.  n139 In addition,
notwithstanding how high or low rates are set at a certain time of underwriting,
payments by borrowers should be fully amortizing and interest rates should be
fixed.  n140 This would lead to less of the surprises endured by consumers in
the mortgage crisis, with loans transforming from low (teaser) rate
opportunities into "explosive" subprime financial products.  n141

   Another lesson from the crisis is the undesirability of individual borrowers
with multiple loans outstanding.  n142 Borrowers with multiple loans, or loans
in frequent succession, are a criticism levied against payday lenders as
potentially "ensnar[ing] consumers in a debt trap."  n143 MFIs should therefore
be barred from issuing multiple concurrent loans to individual borrowers, and a
mechanism should be implemented to limit an individual borrower's ability to
obtain loans from different lenders. Rules, as either a supplement or an
alternative, could cap the amount of debt relative to a borrower's income and
incorporate penalties as appropriate for exceeding the  [*284]  cap.  n144
Specific guidance to address some of these issues is available to regulators and
to the MFI industry in model principles such as the CPPs discussed above.  n145

V. CONCLUSION

   The potential for small loans to have a positive impact on credit access in
the United States seems to be undermined by this lack of legal certainty.
Nonprofit institutions in the United States are organized in ways that escape
the brunt of regulation and so are their products. However, the foray of MFIs
around the world into forprofit operations suggests that U.S. based
organizations are not far behind. As they move into the role of an alternate
source of financing, these lenders' missions would benefit greatly if new laws
could address safety both on the consumer and institutional levels. Increasing
access to credit is meaningless if reforms are not proactively implemented to
address the problems previously experienced with predatory and payday lending.
While the purposes of microcredit might stymy some of these concerns, continuing
to treat microfinance as an exception to rules seems contrary to policies that
purport to put consumers first. A legal and regulatory framework for this field
must exist beyond carving out exceptions. Finally, such a framework should
reflect commitments to the consumer and serve to promote efficiency and safety
rather than acting as a burden on the industry.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Antitrust & Trade LawFederal Trade Commission ActGeneral OverviewBanking
LawDepository InstitutionsCommercial BanksBanking LawNational BanksAffiliates &
Subsidiaries

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Shaila Dewan, Microcredit for Americans, N.Y. TIMES (Oct. 28, 2013),
available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/10/29/business/microcredit-for-americans.html.





n2  Id.





n3  Id.





n4  Id.





n5  Id.





n6  Gregory Karp, Chicago has $ 700,000 Ready to Lend to Small Businesses, CHI.
TRIB. (Nov. 13, 2014), available at http://www.chicagotribune.comibusiness/ct-
microloans-chicago-1114-biz-20141113-story.html.





n7  Id.





n8  Id.





n9  Id.





n10  Id.





n11  About Us, KIVA, http://www.kiva.org/about (last visited Nov. 26, 2014).





n12  Id.





n13  Branden Lammers, Louisville Officially a Kiva City, LOUISVILLE BUSINESS
FIRST (Nov. 24, 2014),
http://www.bizjournals.com/louisville/news/2014/11/24/louisville-is-officially-a
-kiva-city.html.





n14  Id.





n15  See Aaron Jones, Promotion of a Commercially-Viable Microfinance Sector in
Emerging Markets, 13 GEO. J. ON POVERTY L. & POL'Y 187 (2006).





n16  BASEL COMM. ON BANKING SUPERVISION, MICROFINANCE ACTIVITIES AND THE CORE
PRINCIPLES FOR EFFECTIVE BANKING SUPERVISION 1 (Bank For Int'l Settlements 2010)
[hereinafter BASEL], available at http://www.bis.org/publ/bcbs175.pclf.





n17  Id. at 9.





n18  Id.





n19  See Jones, supra note 15, at 192.





n20  See Partha Ghosh et al., IMPACT OF POLICIES AND REGULATIONS ON THE MICRO
FINANCE SECTOR 21 (Micro Save 2015), available at
http://www.microsave.netifiles/pdf/Impact_of_Policies_and_Regulations_on_the_Mic
ro_finance_Sector.pdf.





n21  See Ross Levine et al., Financial Intermediation and Growth: Causality and
Causes, 46 J. MONETARY ECON. 31, 63 (2000); see also John P. Caskey et al., The
Urban Unbanked in Mexico and the United States 3 (World Bank, Working Paper No.
3835, 2006).





n22  Levine et al., supra note 21, at 63.





n23  Tanya Mannes, Federal Microloans Big With Small Businesses, SAN DIEGO
UNION-TRIB., Sept. 21, 2010, at C1.





n24  Bill Burrus, LESSONS AND TRENDS OF MICROCREDIT IN THE UNITED STATES 14
(Accion 2005), available at
http://www.microfinancegateway.org/sites/default/files/mfg-en-paper-lessons-and-
trends-of-microcredit-in-the-united-states-2005.pdf.





n25  Id.





n26  12 U.S.C. § 2901 (2013).





n27  Id.





n28  Richard D. Marsico, Enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act: An Advocate's
Guide to Making the CRA Work for Communities, 17 N.Y.L. SCH. J. HUM. RTS. 129,
131 (2000).





n29  Brooke Overby, The Community Reinvestment Act Reconsidered, 143 U. PA. L.
REV. 1431, 1432 (1994-1995).





n30  Id. at 1442.





n31  See Nellie R. Santiago et al., Turning David and Goliath into the Odd
Couple: How the New Community Reinvestment Act Promotes Community Development
Financial Institutions, 6 J.L. & POL'Y 571, 590-92 (1998).





n32  Id.





n33  Id.





n34  12 U.S.C. § 4701 (2013).





n35  15 U.S.C. §§ 1691-1691f (2013 & Supp. IV 1998).





n36  12 C.F.R. § 202 (2014).





n37  15 U.S.C. § 1691 (2013).





n38  See 15 U.S.C. § 6902 (2013); SBA Administrator's authority created by 15
U.S.C. § 634(b)(6) (2013); see also 13 C.F.R. § 119 (2014) (implementing
regulation for the PRIME Act of 1999).





n39  Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, Pub. L. No. 106-02, 113 Stat. 1338 (1999)
(codified in 12 and 15 U.S.C. (2013)).





n40  See Roberta S. Karmel, Should Securities Industry Self-Regulatory
Organizations Be Considered Government Agencies?, 14 STAN. J. L. Bus. & FIN.
151, 170 (2008-2009).





n41  Gramm-Leach-Bliley, supra note 39 at § 103.





n42  Luz Gomez & Elaine L. Edgcomb, A Newly Crowded Marketplace: How For-Profit
Lenders Are Serving Microentrepreneurs, FIELD AT THE ASPEN INSTITUTE 2 (2011),
available at http://fieldus.org/publications/ForProfitLenders.pdf.





n43  Id.





n44  Thomson Reuters/PayNet Small Business Lending Index (September 2014),
http://www.paynetonline.com/SmallBusinessInsights/ThomsonReutersPayNetSmallBusin
essLendingInde.aspx.





n45  David Goldman, CNNMoney.com's bailout tracker, CNN MONEY (Nov. 16, 2009),
http://money.cnn.com/news/storysupplement/economy/bailouttracker/.





n46  American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, 123
Stat. 115 (2009).





n47  G. Scott Thomas, Almost 98% of all businesses are classified as small
businesses, THE BUSINESS JOURNALS (November 2, 2011),
http://www.bizjournals.com/bizjournals/on-numbers/scott-thomas/2011/11/98-of-all
-businesses-are-small.html.





n48  Where We Work: United States, ACCION,
http://www.accion.org/page.aspx?pid=580 (last visited Nov. 23, 2014).





n49  Dewan, supra note 1.





n50  Anita Bernstein, The Trouble with Regulating Microfinance, 35 HAWAII L.
REV. 1, 20 (2013).





n51  See Damian Paletta & Kara Scannell, Ten Questions for Those Fixing the
Financial Mess, WALL ST. J. (Mar. 10, 2009),
http://www.wsj.com/articles/SB123665023774979341.





n52  See Oren Bar-Gill & Elizabeth Warren, Making Credit Safer, 157 U. PA. L.
REV. 1, 3-4 (2008) (asking why consumers are "protected from dangerous products
and sharp business practices when they purchase tangible consumer products, but
left at the mercy of their creditors when they sign up for routine financial
products like mortgages and credit cards").





n53  See Alan M. White, Credit and Human Welfare: Lessons from Microcredit in
Developing Nations, 69 WASH. & LEE L. REV. 1093, 1096 (2012).





n54  Robert Mayer, Loan Sharks, Interest-Rate Caps, and Deregulation, 69 WASH. &
LEE L. REV. 807 (2012).





n55  See, e.g., Michael A. Stegman, Payday Lending, 21 J. ECON. PERSP. 169, 169
(2007) ("Thus, a typical example [of a payday loan] would be that in exchange
for a $ 300 advance until the next payday, the borrower writes a postdated check
for $ 300 and receives $ 255 in cash-the lender taking a $ 45 fee off the
top.").





n56  See ROBERT MAYER, QUICK CASH: THE STORY OF THE LOAN SHARK, 73-74 (2010)
(discussing the drafting efforts that resulted in the USLL).





n57  Ronald J Mann, Regulating Financial Services for Low & Middle Income
Communities, 69 WASH. & LEE L. REV. 729, 749 (2012) (discussing the problems
faced by low and middle income communities with financial services and credit
products, and where an overly paternalistic regulatory approach might come up
short).





n58  Mayer, supra note 54, at 822.





n59  See Rolf Nugent, Three Experiments in Small-Loan Interest Rates, 11 HARV.
BUS. REV. 35, 37-46 (1933) (describing effects of state decisions lowering
maximum interest rates for small-loans, in 1929 and through the 1930s).





n60  See Jean Ann Fox, Unsafe and Unsound: Payday Tenders Hide Behind FDIC Bank
Charters to Peddle Usury, CONSUMERS FEDON OF AM. 7 (Mar. 30, 2004),
www.consumerfed.org/pdfs/pdlrentabankreport.pdf ("Early payday lenders used
inventive schemes to hide the true nature of their bans.").





n61  Id.





n62  See National Bank Act of 1864, 12 U.S.C. § 85 (2013).





n63  See Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. §§ 1811-1831aa (2013).





n64  15 U.S.C. § 41 (2013).





n65  15 U.S.C. § 45(a)(1) (2013).





n66  15 U.S.C. § 57a(a)(1)(B) (2013).





n67  15 U.S.C. § 1605(a) (2013).





n68  Id.





n69  Christopher L. Peterson, Truth, Understanding, and High-Cost Consumer
Credit: The Historical Context of the Truth in Lending Act, 55 FLA. L. REV. 807,
876 (2003).





n70  Id.





n71  Id.





n72  Id.





n73  15 U.S.C. § 1601(a) (2013).





n74  15 U.S.C. § 1606(a) (2013).





n75  15 U.S.C. § 1604(b) (2013).





n76  H.R. Rep. No. 1040, at 10-13 (1967).





n77  12 C.F.R. § 1026 (2014).





n78  12 C.F.R. § 1026.4(a) (2014).





n79  12 C.F.R. § 1026.4(b) (2014).





n80  12 C.F.R. § 1026.1 (2014).





n81  411 U.S. 356, 377 (1973).





n82  Id.





n83  Press Release, BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM (Feb. 1,
2011), http://www.federalreserve.gov/newsevents/press/bcreg/20110201a.htm.





n84  Ian Davis, Rural Banking: Designing an Effective Legal Framework for
Microfinance, 2 J. BUS. ENTREPRENEURSHIP & L. 394 (2008-2009); See generally
Alfredo Ebentreich, Microfinance Regulation in Peru: Current State, Lessons
Learned and Prospects for the Future, 4 ESSAYS ON REGULATION AND SUPERVISION 1,
1 (IRIS Center, University of Maryland, Apr. 2005) (discussing the different
categories of MFIs in Peru and how they "are regulated with the same norms as
banking and other financial institutions" but are subject to different capital
requirements and restrictions on activities).





n85  Bernstein, supra note 50, at 25.





n86  Olivia L. Walker, Note, The Future ofMicrolending in the United
States:AShiftfrom Charity to Profits?, 6 ENTREPREN. BUS. L.J. 383, 387 (2011).





n87  Elizabeth Littlefield & Richard Rosenberg, Microfinance and the Poor:
Breaking Down the Walls Between Microfinance and the Formal Financial System, 39
FIN. DEV. 38 (June 2004),
http://www.imif.org/external/pubs/ft/fandd/2004/06/pdf/littlefi.pdf.





n88  Id.





n89  Id. at 39.





n90  See Robert Peck Christen, et al., Microfinance Consensus Guidelines:
Guiding Principles on Regulation and Supervision of Microfinance, CONSULTATIVE
GROUP To ASSIST THE POOR/THE WORLD BANK GROUP, 15 (2003).





n91  See Jones, supra note 15, at 201.





n92  12 U.S.C. § 1813 (2013).





n93  Id.





n94  See id.





n95  12 U.S.C. § 1841 (2013).





n96  See generally Richard Hynes, Payday Lending, Bankruptcy, and Insolvency, 69
WASH. & LEE L. REV. 607, 613 (2012).





n97  Commercial Loan, INVESTOPEDIA,
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/commercial-loan.asp (last visited Apr. 1,
2015).





n98  Hennie van Greuning et al., A Framework for Regulating Microfinance
Institutions 10 (World Bank, Working Paper No. 2061, 1998), available at
http://elibrary.worldbank.org/doi/pdf/10.1596/1813-9450-2061.





n99  476 U.S. 426 (1986).





n100  NationsBank of N.C., N.A. v. Variable Annuity Life Ins. Co., 513 U.S. 251,
257-259 (1995).





n101  Chevron U.S.A. Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc. 467 U.S.
837, 842 (1984) (holding that legislative silence or ambiguity on an issue
allows an agency's treatment of such issue if it is based on a permissible
reading of the statute).





n102  See Christen, supra note 90, at 27.





n103  Safety and viability in the second context would be evaluated from the
perspective of securitizing MFI loans to be packaged and traded, which is beyond
the scope of this article. For an in-depth guide through the process, see
SECURITIZATION: A TECHNICAL GUIDE (Consultative Group to Assist the Poor/The
World Bank and Grameen Foundation USA 2010) available at
http://www.cgap.org/sites/default/files/CGAP-Technical-Guide-Securitization-Oct-
2010.pdf.





n104  Eugenia Macchiavello, Microfinance Regulation and Supervision: A
Multi-Faced Prism ofStructures, Levels and Issues, 9 N.Y.U. J. L. & Bus. 125
(2012-2013).





n105  See Christen, supra note 90, at 28 (emphasis added/repeated).





n106  Karmel, supra note 40, at 152.





n107  Id. at 155.





n108  Abraham L. Newman & David Bach, Self-Regulatory Trajectories in the Shadow
of Public Power: Resolving Digital Dilemmas in Europe and the U.S., 17(3)
GOVERNANCE 387, 390 (2004) (discussing self-regulation of relatively "new" areas
such as e-commerce, and characterizing the U.S. model of self-regulation as
legalistic self-regulation).





n109  Id. at 388.





n110  Id.





n111  Id. at 390.





n112  See Karmel, supra note 40, at 173.





n113  See Brigit Helms & David Porteous, Focus Note 27: Protecting Microfinance
Borrowers, CONSULTATIVE GROUP TO ASSIST THE POOR, 4 (May 2005), available at
http://www.cgap.org/sites/default/files/CGAP-Focus-Note-Protecting-Microfinance-
Borrowers-May-2005.pdf.





n114  See Christen et al., supra note 90, at 28.





n115  Id.





n116  Greuning et al., supra note 98, at 16.





n117  Id.





n118  Macchiavello, supra note 104, at 170.





n119  Basel, supra note 16.





n120  Davis, supra note 84, at 417.





n121  Id. at 416.





n122  Id. at 417.





n123  Id.





n124  Bernstein, supra note 50, at 22.





n125  Heywood W. Fleisig & Nuria De La Pefia, Legal and Regulatory Requirements
For Effective Rural Financial Markets, CTR. FOR THE ECON. ANALYSIS OF LAW, 27
(2003).





n126  FLA. STAT. § 687.02(1) (2014)





n127  FLA. STAT. § 687.071(2), (3) (2014)





n128  See Joanna Ledgerwood, Microfinance Handbook: An Institutional and
Financial Perspective, WORLD BANK 18 (1999).





n129  See id.; see also Heywood & De La Pefia, supra note 125.





n130  Megan Whittaker, South Africa's National Credit Act: A Possible Model for
the Proper Role of Interest Rate Ceilings for Microfinance, 28 Nw. J. INT'L L. &
Bus. 561, 573 (2008) (discussing South Africa's arguably successful
implementation of rate ceilings).





n131  See Helms & Porteous, supra note 113, at 4.





n132  Mann, supra note 57, at 735.





n133  Id. (different scholars' approaches to the best types and terms for
mortgages)





n134  See White, supra note 53, at 1104.





n135  Id.





n136  Id.; see also Bar-Gill & Warren, supra note 52, at 46.





n137  Bernstein, supra note 50, at 21.





n138  Id.





n139  See section III.C.2 infra for a discussion of the Truth in Lending Act.





n140  Mann, supra note 57, at 734.





n141  See Bar-Gill & Warren, supra note 52, at 10.





n142  Bernstein, supra note 50, at 23.





n143  Hynes, supra note 96, at 615-16.





n144  Helms & Porteous, supra note 113, at 3.





n145  Macchiavello, supra note 104, at 170.


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright (c) 2004 American Indian Law Review
                           American Indian Law Review

                                  2004 / 2005

                           29 Am. Indian L. Rev. 173

LENGTH: 9146 words

NOTE: MICROENTERPRISE THROUGH MICROFINANCE AND MICROLENDING: THE MISSING PIECE
IN THE OVERALL TRIBAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT PUZZLE


NAME: R. H. Tipton III*

BIO:



   * Third-year student, University of Oklahoma College of Law.


 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  However, there needs to be a renewed focus in academia on creating
feasible solutions to these economic deficiencies. ...  As for resources
provided by the larger microenterprise development programs, their primary focus
on Group One does not provide any assistance for the Group Three
microentrepreneur. ... By having a group lending structure, the MFI emphasizes
the gravity of repaying the unsecured loan. ...  Microlending's Impact on
Economic Development ...  Having said this, the mission of the TMFI should
identify the target audience (the Group Three microentrepreneur) and should
direct the institution to make all policy and technical decisions with this
focus in mind. ...  This improves the likelihood of success, lowers risk and
allows the TMFI to show its dedication to the social and economic development of
the tribe and the reservation. ...  While all the other services are vital to
ensuring the success of the microentrepreneur, the provision of initial capital
should be the most important focus of the TMFI. ...  However, this problem could
easily be solved by creating a Lending Board within the TMFI consisting not only
of TMFI loan officers but also business experts that work for the TMFI and
tribal leaders. ...

HIGHLIGHT: Give a man a fish; he'll eat for today. Teach a man how to fish; and
he'll eat for a lifetime. Teach a man to sell fish and he eats steak.

   - Author Unknown


TEXT:
 [*173]

   I. Introduction


   Economic and social development among American Indian tribes has long been a
topic of discussion for academics and tribal leaders alike. n1 However, this
discussion has often remained in the theoretical "big picture" and has rarely
been brought down to the practical "hands on" realm that is needed in order to
see real changes and positive growth in the movement. n2 Certainly, there is a
place for the theoretical discussions. Without them we would not have a context
in which we can now propose viable economic solutions to the current problems
facing the tribes and citizens alike. However, there needs to be a renewed focus
in academia on creating feasible solutions to these economic deficiencies.


   The purpose of this comment is to look at one of the many factors
contributing to lethargic economic development among American Indian tribes.
Rather than focusing on bringing in outside businesses or suggesting that the
government create jobs as a form of economic development, this comment advocates
a means for empowering tribal citizens through helping  [*174]  them create
viable, sustainable small businesses in order to facilitate substantial and
cognizable economic growth. Tribes have generally focused on fostering business
development with other corporations and the government; however, they have
failed to provide the necessary support to American Indian entrepreneurs.


   In looking for financing opportunities for American Indian entrepreneurs who
wanted to start a small business, research revealed many governmental programs
that help already established small minority businesses or small minority
businesses with sufficient financial backing. n3 However, there are far too few
programs to help individuals with ideas but absolutely no start-up capital, a
history of bad credit, or insufficient collateral to secure a conventional
commercial loan. n4 Further research revealed governmental programs that give
guaranteed contracts to minority owned businesses, commonly referred to as "8(a)
corporations," and lending opportunities to creditworthy debtors. n5 However,
there were many obstacles and qualification prerequisites, which require an
existing base of capital and extensive strategic business planning. n6


   These programs, while designed to help "small businesses," n7 require that an
individual have sufficient knowledge, capital and expertise in order to see
their idea near the certainty of success. In the alternative, these programs
help the already established businesses by giving them the opportunity to
develop growth strategies, gain extra investment capital and develop strategic
partnerships with governmental or other business entities.

     [*175]

   In looking at this situation, a few obvious questions arise. How does one get
to the point where he/she qualifies for one of these aforementioned programs?
How does a credit deficient entrepreneur with a dream make that dream a reality?
What good is it to have programs like these if most individuals cannot qualify
for them? The answer to these questions is provided by the rapidly growing
social economic philosophy of microenterprise development through microfinance
and microlending. n8


   The field of microfinance and its affect on microenterprise has been a
prominent topic of discussion in the area of social and economic development for
scholars and political leaders for the past three decades. Its terms are often
used loosely to describe similar but different topics. n9 One of these topics is
the so- called venture capital arm of the microenterprise industry, referred to
as microlending or microfinance. The focus of this comment is not to discuss the
development of a traditional commercial banking institution, but rather to
suggest that all tribes set up full service microfinance institutions (MFIs)
that will help nurture and develop independent entrepreneurs. n10 In so doing,
tribes will certainly see a surge in the overall wealth and economic
self-sufficiency of their members.


   Part II of this comment discusses microfinance and microlending in general,
providing both foreign and domestic examples of successful MFIs and explaining
the different models of microlending. Part III proposes a hybrid model of
microlending which is tailored to tribal institutions and is feasible,
relatively simple and extremely practical. This final section also discusses the
positive effect a hybrid model could have on economic development on reservation
land.


   II. Background


   Before discussing the proposed model as a solution to the missing piece in
the overall economic development puzzle, it is imperative to discuss the history
of microenterprise and address what has made it successful historically in other
countries and even recently in the United States of America. Many of the
examples given in this comment are taken from the plethora of  [*176]  academic
writing involving economic development through microfinance in the inner- cities
of America as well as the rural and aboriginal areas of foreign countries,
specifically Third World countries. This section examines how microenterprise,
and specifically microlending, has evolved and what components of the overall
structure of microfinance make microlending such a successful tool in fighting
poverty and economic deficiency. n11


   A. Microfinance in General


   Within the economic and social development rubric is a very helpful component
which furthers economic development by using microfinance. This cog in the wheel
of development is relatively young and has taken on many different forms; n12
however, the basic concept remains the same regardless of the form - to aid
individuals otherwise deemed helpless in increasing their personal and family
wealth in order to no longer be classified as impoverished. Many academic pieces
have been written about this topic in one form or another; n13 however, each
author uses his or her own terms to loosely define the same topics. In order to
fully understand these concepts it is imperative to understand the terms and the
context in which they will be used.


   1. Microfinance Theory Defined and Explained


   Microfinance (also referred to as microcredit), as a theory, seeks to foster
economic development by providing the opportunity through small, usually
collateral- free loans, for the poorest of the poor to create viable,
sustainable self-employment business enterprises. n14 The theory revolves around
the idea  [*177]  that, instead of relying on others or the government to
cultivate the job market and force individuals to rely on others for their sole
means of income, individuals should be given the opportunity to start their own
"smaller than small business" n15 and be able to live out the American dream -
taking an idea and seeing it through to a profitable fruition.


   2. Microenterprise Defined and Explained


   A "microenterprise" refers to an individual business that consists of less
than five employees and is generally organized as a sole proprietorship or
family business. n16 It is often funded by a microfinance institution (MFI) and
its owner is considered a microentrepreneur. Microentrepreneurs generally fall
into one of three distinct categories (Groups) of small business owners found in
America today.


   "Group One" small businesses are started by individuals who have attained a
high school diploma or have acquired some form of higher education, n17 and who
are experienced workers in a particular field who ultimately decide to branch
out and start their own business. n18 These individuals have sufficient assets
and net worth along with appealing credit status to obtain capital through
conventional measures. It is because of this status that they are generally able
to go to traditional commercial lending institutions and obtain traditional
small business loans.


   "Group Two" small businesses are started by individuals who are not as
educated as Group One entrepreneurs. Group Two entrepreneurs are "somewhat"
educated individuals who may have obtained their education through either book
learning or through hands-on work experience. These individuals may have
specific "know how," but may lack a credit rating sufficient to access financing
loans through traditional commercial lending institutions. n19 A Group Two
entrepreneur may be considered a  [*178]  microentrepreneur depending on the
size, nature and feasibility of the business. n20 As previously addressed, there
are sufficient financing opportunities in America for individuals in this class
of entrepreneurs.


   "Group Three" small businesses are the epitome of microenterprise and seem to
have been forgotten by most American lending and governmental institutions.
These microentrepreneurs are generally referred to as the poorest of the poor.
n21 They are individuals with ideas and some skills, but they have absolutely no
possible way of obtaining start up capital. Due to their low net worth and lack
of collateral, these individuals are undoubtedly termed credit risks by
commercial lending institutions and often fall through the cracks when it comes
to microfinance programs in America. They are often times classified as
impoverished, and generally their potential to be successful in the American
economy is disregarded. This lack of faith and lack of opportunity has made it
virtually impossible for Group Three microentrepreneurs to pull themselves from
the vicious cycle of poverty. This comment focuses on Group Three
microentrepreneurs and hopefully provides some hope and insight into the
possible resources that are available or should be available to them.


   Combined, these three groups comprise an estimated two million
microentrepreneurs in America. n22 Studies show that a 78% of the
microentrepreneurs are women, n23 62% are minority n24 and 58% have some post
high school education. n25 Group One makes up the majority of microentrepreneurs
and therefore a majority of development is focused towards these individuals.
However, this focus seems to be a shift from the original concept of
microenterprise - assistance to the poorest of the poor.


   In order for microenterprise to work on the tribal level, there will need to
be at least an initial focus on the poorest of the poor, the Group Three
individuals. The answer to the social and economic development problem comes
from providing assistance to Group Three individuals, thereby allowing them to
move into Group Two. Then the focus can shift towards moving  [*179]
individuals from Group Two to Group One and finally into a successful business.


   3. Historical Perspective


   Modern day microenterprise theory was conceived in 1976 in the mind of
Mohammed Yunus, an American-educated Professor of Economics who noticed the need
to provide minuscule loans to poverty-stricken individuals in his home country
of Bangladesh, in order to help them become independent, successful people. n26
In the late 1980s, it came to America as a crude form of credit opportunity for
rural and inner city America. n27 During this time a substantial number of
programs were developed to cultivate microfinance in targeted areas for targeted
genders and races. n28


   Today, it is estimated that there are over six hundred microenterprise
programs in all fifty states of the union. n29 These programs are funded and run
by a wide variety of groups (both governmental and nongovernmental, both
nonprofit and for-profit). n30 These programs not only provide lending services
but also legal advice, business training, health insurance and an abundance of
other necessary services to their clients. n31


   These programs are generally offered to a target group or to the entire
nation. Surprisingly, research revealed only one entity aimed specifically at
American Indian microentrepreneurs, the Cherokee Nation Micro-Enterprise
Development Program. n32 As for resources provided by the larger microenterprise
development programs, their primary focus on Group One does not provide any
assistance for the Group Three microentrepreneur. There must be something done
in order to help facilitate the microenterprise industry amongst American
Indians in all three groups.


   With a basic but functional understanding of microenterprise theory, it is
now necessary to shift the discussion to the venture capital arm of this
invaluable economic development machine.

     [*180]

   B. Microlending in General


   One of the major functions of a microenterprise program is the provision of
venture capital to the microentrepreneur seeking to advance herself by advancing
her business. This function of the industry is referred to as microlending or
microcredit.


   1. Microlending Defined


   The terms microlending or microcredit are often used interchangeably. They
refer to the process by which small loans, usually between $ 500 and $ 5000, n33
are distributed to entrepreneurs in a variety of different manners. n34
Microloans (as they are usually called) are generally given collateral-free, n35
depending on the method of distribution. Because of the increased risk incurred
by the lending institution, the rates on microloans are typically higher than
market interest rates. n36 Generally, microloans involve a short pay back
period, and the funds must be used for viable business expenses and not for
consumption. n37


   2. Methods of Microlending


   Solidarity groups, village banking systems and community banking
organizations are different modes in which microlending operates. n38 However,
this comment is limited to solidarity groups, also known as peer or group
lending. Due to their focus on the liability of the entire group, solidarity
groups are an effective risk reducer. Microfinance institutions that employ
group lending require debtors to form small groups (usually five to six
individuals), each of whom individually apply for a loan. n39 The MFI then
[*181]  distributes the loans to each individual in the group; however, the
entire group is responsible for the repayment of each loan individually. n40


   By having a group lending structure, the MFI emphasizes the gravity of
repaying the unsecured loan. Some commentators have likened peer lending to the
function of a third-party guarantee or to the theory of joint and several
liability. n41 These analogies are sufficient in explaining the fact that each
member of the group guarantees the other members' loans and also that each
member of the group is responsible to repay any amount that the individual
borrower does not repay. As simple as it seems, peer pressure and the fear of
repaying someone else's loan acts as a great tool in the arsenal of the MFI.


   Not all solidarity group programs work the same way. In some instances, the
MFI distributes only two loans and waits a short time to see how effectively
those two individuals are paying back their loans. n42 After these individuals
have established a satisfactory level of responsible payment history, the MFI
distributes two more loans to two other individuals in the group. n43 Only when
all four individuals are making regular payments on their loan will leaders of
the group be tendered their money. n44 In other instances, the MFI distributes
to each individual in the group the loan that they requested. n45 However, it is
still under the auspices of the group's guarantee for each other's loan.


   There are many risk-minimizing benefits in the peer lending structure. First
and foremost, by requiring individuals to form their own groups, the borrower
knows that each individual will be responsible for the other's shortfall in
repaying the loan; the MFI uses an extremely effective tool in screening their
potential borrowers. n46 The other members of the group unquestionably know
their partners better than the institution, as partners willing to share
liability most often come from long-term, close personal relationships such as
family and close friends. They each know the intent, purpose and direction of
the microenterprise. Each also knows how serious the microentrepreneur is about
working and about improving his or her way of life. No other test screens
prospective borrowers as efficiently as the self-screening mechanisms in peer
[*182]  lending groups. This is undoubtedly one of the secrets to the success of
the Grameen Bank and should be remembered when organizing a MFI in America.


   Second, it uses peer pressure to encourage microentrepreneurs to be
responsible in paying back their loan, persevering during hard times and
maximizing the effectiveness of their business while maintaining the integrity
of the group. n47


   Finally, group lending has been very successful in many countries including
the United States. Most American solidarity group lending programs are found in
the heart of urban, low-income cities. n48 For example, the South Shore Bank is
located in the heart of Chicago. n49 There is no reason that this method of
lending cannot be brought out of the big cities and onto the reservations and
have a positive impact on the lives of tribal citizens.


   3. Microlending's Impact on Economic Development


   These forms of microlending have focused on economically challenged
individuals, which corporate lending institutions would not normally serve. n50
This emphasis on the "little people" has had an enormous impact on their lives
and on the economy as a whole.


   A recent study by the Aspen Institute's SELP - Self-Employment Learning
Project, shows that of the microenterprises that were surveyed over a five year
period, 53% had moved out of the poverty range. Additionally, 57% were still
economically viable and sustainable after five years n51 - and as such are
competitive with the estimated 60%-70% survival rate of SBA small businesses.
n52 The average household income had risen by more than $ 8000 and the average
household assets had also increased by approximately $ 15,000 over the five year
period. n53

     [*183]

   4. Microfinance Institutions


   Microfinance institutions (MFIs) n54 have taken on many forms here in the
United States. Whether it is a Community Development Credit Union (CDCU) n55 or
a Community Development Bank (CDB), n56 each institution looks to the community
with a proactive, feasible solution to many of the problems facing the
community. These institutions have shown that there are many ways to combat
poverty and enhance social and economic development within these challenged
communities. However, modern trends have seen an emphasis shift from lending to,
among other things, development of low-income housing. n57 This shift may be due
to the positive economic impact of community banking and lending on Group Three
individuals in these inner city areas. However, this shift in focus toward
housing cannot take place until there has been a significant decrease in the
number of Group Three individuals in the challenged community.


   C. Micro-Lending Examples


   In order to foster this microenterprise development, many different types of
MFIs have been organized in the United States over the past thirty years. n58
Today, there are over 650 microenterprise development programs in the United
States. n59 Each institution, unique in its own right, may vary in the types of
services provided or advice given; however, each one generally has a division
for microlending. It is in this area where "all the magic happens." In order to
gain a full understanding of microlending it is prudent to look at the premier
MFI in the world and also the only known American Indian MFI in America.

     [*184]

   1. Grameen Bank


   Microlending first became famous through the extraordinary results of the
Grameen Bank in Bangladesh. In 1976 Dr. Yunus, Head of Rural Economics Program
at the University of Chittagong, embarked upon a research project examining the
possibility of developing a system to deliver credit to the extremely poor
through banking services. n60 The Grameen focuses on developing the community
into financially independent individuals who, in turn, focus on their
surroundings to ensure that everyone has the opportunity to be independent and
self- sufficient. n61


   The Grameen Bank, through its rigid rules and peer lending structure, has
created a system that has seen astounding results. What started as a research
project has now become an institution that in 2002 alone dispersed approximately
$ 272 million to over 2.4 million borrowers. n62 Over the last twenty-five-plus
years, the Grameen Bank has loaned over $ 3,800,000,000 and its borrowers have
paid back approximately $ 3,471,000,000 - an astonishing 91% payback rate. n63
This far surpasses a normal payback rate of approximately 40%. n64


   The Grameen's rigid rules and carefully planned system ensure that their
mission of providing funding to the poorest of the poor is fulfilled. These
rules force the bank to evaluate potential borrowers using strict eligibility
requirements in determining whether the borrower is poor enough to receive
funding. n65 The Bank has also geared the delivery system to its target
audience. By evaluating the borrower and delivering the funds at the doorstep of
the borrower, the Bank has brought a system to its constituency who would not
have otherwise been able to garner any start-up capital. n66 Dr. Yunus has
described the success of Grameen's tough regime as, "Credit without strict
discipline is nothing but charity." n67

     [*185]

   What has occurred in Bangladesh is nothing short of phenomenal; in fact, some
observers suggest that the Grameen is successful for three main reasons: (1) by
its very nature it targets the poorest of the poor, (2) it is geared and
suitable for the very poor, and (3) its rigid rules prevent corruption and
control by the already wealthy and influential members of the community. n68


   2. Cherokee Nation Micro-Enterprise Development Program


   The Cherokee Nation Commerce Division under its Cherokee Nation Credit and
Finance Department provides many education and loan programs for both personal
and business needs. n69 One such program is specifically relevant to this
comment, the Cherokee Nation Micro-Enterprise Development Program. n70 The
program offers loans up to $ 25,000 at the New York Prime Lending Rate for a
maximum term of seven years. n71 The loans must be secured in full by sufficient
collateral and must be used only for various business costs and not for real
estate or personal consumption. n72


   This program, while fostering some of the same social and economic
development values that this comment advocates, seems aimed only at the Group
Two or better microentrepreneurs. A critical look at the program quickly reveals
that one of the first necessities to participate in the program is that the
individual seeking the loan must have at least a 25% equity at stake in the
enterprise and must have "adequate collateral" to secure the loan. n73 This
requirement flies in the face of the Grameen theory. It requires a person to
have some sort of valued wealth to offer as collateral in order to obtain
funding. While this program plays an important role in the community, it fails
to serve Group Three entrepreneurs. In this manner, the program is nothing more
than a traditional lender with more stringent eligibility requirements relating
to jurisdictional location and tribal status.


   A second necessity is that the individual have "good credit history." n74 It
is safe to assume that a majority of these possible Group Three
microentrepreneurs have insufficient credit. By requiring "good credit" as a
[*186]  basic requirement for the debtor, the institution is again not
differentiating itself significantly from a traditional lending institution.


   The idea behind the Cherokee Nation providing a microloan program
specifically for its citizens should be commended; however, the program is
designed in a way that does not facilitate economic development amongst the
targeted demographic that microlending was designed to help. While there is a
need for this program, there is also a need for a MFI that focuses on Group
Three microentrepreneurs and develops them into business owners that can qualify
for traditional or current tribal lending services.


   III. Proposed Tribal Microfinance Institution


   To date, research indicates only one tribe that has seen the vision of the
potential impact microfinance could have on their reservation. Having noted
that, the proposed Tribal Microfinance Institution (TMFI) in many ways embodies
the spirit of the Cherokee Nation Micro-Enterprise Development Program. There
are, however, significant differences which make the proposed TMFI more focused
on Group Three entrepreneurs rather than on Group Two or better. Also, the
proposed model is more of a full service MFI rather than just a microlending
institution. This is in order to facilitate success amongst the
microentrepreneurs by providing the necessary resources for success.


   A. Mission Statement


   As with any focused business enterprise, the purpose of the TMFI should be
embodied in a mission statement. This mission statement should focus on the
economic and social development of the Group Three members of the tribe. It
should create an effort to affect the lives of the poorest of the tribe in a
positive, feasible way. The goal of the TMFI is not profit maximization, but
rather it is patterned after the Grameen Bank and is focused on empowering the
individuals in their community. n75 So long as the tribal leaders keep this
social consciousness throughout the duration of the program, the needs of the
lowest class will be met in an efficient and effective way. Having said this,
the mission of the TMFI should identify the target audience (the Group Three
microentrepreneur) and should direct the institution to make all policy and
technical decisions with this focus in mind.

     [*187]

   B. Initial Funding


   The technical discussion of the TMFI must start with the issue of funding.
With all of the recent developments in tribal economics on the macro level, it
is safe to assume that a majority of the tribes have sufficient funding to be
able to enact a TMFI. n76 It is encouraging to see the many economic pursuits
being met with a fruitful bounty; however, it is imperative to not forget about
microentrepreneurs, who may further increase this advancement. The bottom line
is that tribes should be able to funnel sufficient amounts of money into a TMFI
in order to foster both the economic and social developments that will naturally
flow from this institution.


   C. Rigid Rules Structure


   The Grameen Bank has proven that a rigid rules structure is imperative to the
success of a MFI. Since the mission statement will identify the Group Three
microentrepreneur as the targeted consumer, the rules must start with a
description of exactly what type of individual falls into this category. The
definition given will be a sufficient starting place. It will be necessary for
each tribe to modify its eligibility requirements to suit tribally-specific
needs. These eligibility requirements include, but are not limited to exact
figures for the amount of education allowed/required, and the maximum amount of
income an individual can have and still be considered a Group Three consumer.
However, the decisions regarding these criteria should be left to the tribal
leaders of each TMFI.


   There obviously has to be a jurisdictional requirement in the eligibility
classifications. For example, to get a microloan from "XYZ" TMFI, that
individual must be a member of "XYZ" Tribe and must reside in a town or county
located within the reservation boundaries. This restricts the pool of applicants
and enables the tribe to focus on its own local members. Also, by restricting
the access, the TMFI reduces risk by creating a pool that is located relatively
close to each other and has the opportunity to observe and monitor fellow group
members. It could be argued that the tribe should allow any citizen of the
tribal nation to participate in the TMFI regardless of their  [*188]  location.
While this would encourage participation and assist individuals who would
otherwise meet all eligibility requirements except geographical location within
the reservation, it would lower risk.


   These requirements for participating in the TMFI are designed to ensure that
the individuals in charge of the TMFI are constantly reminded of the mission and
that they do not lose track of the task of empowering the poorest of the tribe.
They are neither exhaustive nor exclusive, but rather a starting point on the
issues that must be considered in order to have a successful TMFI.


   D. Full Service Microfinance Institution


   In order to make the TMFI successful, it is imperative that the institution
be a full service, one-stop-reference-shop for microentrepreneurs. It defeats
the purpose of the TMFI to force an individual to waste resources jumping
through hoops at multiple administrative locations to accomplish their final
goal. The TMFI should provide many different services and have experts on hand
in the areas of business services and training, legal services, microlending and
insurance. By providing these services, the TMFI can help ensure that the
microentrepreneur has all the available resources necessary to succeed in their
chosen business endeavor. This improves the likelihood of success, lowers risk
and allows the TMFI to show its dedication to the social and economic
development of the tribe and the reservation.


   The idea of creating a microentrepreneur incubator is hardly novel, but it
cannot work if the sole function of the institution is to distribute money. The
TMFI must have on staff a group of individuals with the talents and capabilities
to advise and help the microentrepreneur with all areas of its business. There
should be strategic business planning training to help create a vision and
direction for the enterprise. Financial advisors should be on the premises,
which not only help with the loan application, but also advise the individual
about general accounting methods and other necessary bookkeeping items. Also, a
person with the capability of helping in the areas of marketing, personnel
management, technology services and advertising would help ensure the success of
the microenterprise. Because this institution is aimed at Group Three
microentrepreneurs, the TMFI should provide "how to" classes on many of the
basic business, legal and other functions necessary to operate a successful
enterprise.


   Some services that need to be provided are both business and law related, for
example, tax preparation. It would be beneficial to the microentrepreneur to
have a tax advisor on hand to aid in the business-making decisions and tax
preparation every year. Along with tax advice there are many other legal  [*189]
services that would help these new business owners. Experts in governmental
compliance, qualifications for Federal assistance, corporate structure,
contracts and land rights are just a few of the possible legal services that
should be offered by the TMFI. The TMFI could easily partner with the Small
Business Association's Minority Development Program to help offer many of these
services. In the alternative, it is not out of the question to have the TMFI
seek guidance from these already existing programs and from many of the
available studies: the Aspen Institute has a wealth of information and an entire
"how to" series of handbooks specifically aimed at developing quality
microenterprises. n77 By creating a system on their own, the TMFI would be able
to assist its constituents in qualifying for more of the governmental programs
in which they currently could not participate.


   One area that does not seem to fit into this discussion but seems vital to
the success of the TMFI is the provision of an insurance carrier for the members
of the TMFI. This would encourage the welfare-dependant and very low income
microentrepreneurs to branch out and attempt success without losing the benefits
afforded to them by the United States Government. By providing health and other
insurance policies, individuals will be more likely to take the step that will
change their lives.


   Obviously a TMFI will not be able to operate without a lending division.
While all the other services are vital to ensuring the success of the
microentrepreneur, the provision of initial capital should be the most important
focus of the TMFI.


   E. Specifics on Microlending Division of the Institution


   In order to make the lending institutional successful, the specifications
regarding the terms of the lending agreement have to be very clear and
understandable to the targeted audience.


   The biggest error in U.S. MFIs is not employing the solidarity group or peer
lending structure. This has been one of the keys to the success of not only the
Grameen Bank but also other MFIs around the world. n78 By using this system, the
lender reduces its risk involved in lending to an individual who would otherwise
be a credit risk. The research into the potential borrower's ability to pay back
the loan, the borrower's potential for success in business and intentions
regarding how to use the capital is all done by the members of the small
homogeneous group. As discussed previously, this allows for the  [*190]
institution to be comfortable giving money to otherwise noncreditworthy
individuals. n79


   A logical restriction on the lending is to require that the funding only be
used for productive capital - working capital, purchase of capital assets,
purchase of inventory or other necessary expenditures. This requirement ensures
that the loans are not spent on consumption, but rather in furtherance of the
individual's microenterprise. This forces the money to be used in activities
that will increase the individual's personal and business wealth. The peer
lending structure again provides a sufficient monitoring device to ensure that
the entrepreneur is using his or her money in the correct manner.


   Another requirement of the Grameen Bank that fits precisely into the mission
of the TMFI is to require that the borrower put a small percentage of the loan
into savings. n80 By doing this, the individual begins to increase their net
worth and consequently begins to work their way out of the poverty cellar. By
requiring a small percentage to be put back into savings, the TMFI is helping to
facilitate healthy financial habits while instilling the virtues of savings and
efficient, effective financial planning.


   F. Potential Problems with the TMFI


   Anytime there is an organization created with the ability to affect peoples'
livelihood there is always the fear of things going awry. One of the biggest
potentials for problems with the TMFI structure are the politics and favoritism
that could occur in the decisions affecting the granting of loan requests.
However, this problem could easily be solved by creating a Lending Board within
the TMFI consisting not only of TMFI loan officers but also business experts
that work for the TMFI and tribal leaders. By employing a cross section of
individuals from within the community with a vested interest in the success of
the TMFI and keeping in mind the mission of empowering the poor of the tribe to
become financially self-sustainable, the board should have little difficulty
eliminating the possible corruption factor.


   As with any other microfinance program, funding is always a constant concern.
However, as long as each tribe keeps a focus on the economic development of
their citizens and their business endeavors continue to be profitable, the fear
of lack of funding should not be a very strong consideration.

     [*191]

   IV. Conclusion


   This proposal is just the tip of the iceberg. There are so many variations
that can occur depending on the initial success and focus of the TMFI. A tribe
shouldn't limit its thinking to just one TMFI focused on Group Three
microentrepreneurs. It should consider developing an overall financial banking
corporation which participates in traditional commercial lending services but
also keeps the TMFI as a subsidiary of the mother corporation. By doing this,
the tribes will be able to maximize their profits by taking advantage of the
lucrative banking industry, while at the same time keeping focus on their
community and the development of the overall economic structure of the nation
itself. The purpose of this proposal is to start a healthy discussion amongst
tribal leaders and academia as to the unused financial potential hidden in an
often overlooked and often disregarded sector of the nation.


   Many of the obstacles addressed in this comment may be overcome. We must
recognize the unused human capital present on the reservations and amongst the
tribes and develop it into the unique, sustainable businesses they have the
potential to become. Further, each tribe has unique characteristics and
specialties that add to the overall richness of the American Indian tradition
and if there is a system - an institution - with the resources available to help
guide these ambitious individuals, then each one will be able to overcome Group
Three status. This will allow them to move into more sustainable and autonomous
economic growth, which will afford them even more outside opportunity (with the
federal government or more Group One or Two focused institutions). This will
also improve the quality of life by bringing these individuals out of poverty
status and into a working class status with a brighter future.


   The lessons learned from successful MFIs both abroad and domestically are
vital to the success of the TMFI. In order to make a better life for these
microentrepreneurs, the TMFIs must be cognizant of the corollary services that
are necessary to cultivate sustainable businesses. TMFIs must provide the
requisite lending as well as business, legal, accounting and insurance advice.
These services are imperative in allowing the individuals to reduce their risk
and will provide them with added incentive to make a more gratifying,
self-sustaining life for themselves and their families.


   Although a TMFI will not completely solve the social and economic
deficiencies facing tribes today, it has the potential to be a strong force in
bringing about real change in the financial status of many individuals. If the
[*192]  leaders of each tribe embrace this bottom-up approach, the lives of the
economically challenged can and will be changed forever.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Constitutional LawEqual ProtectionPovertyPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial
ServicesEconomic DevelopmentPublic Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesNative
Americans

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See, e.g., Frank Pommersheim, Economic Development in Indian Country: What
Are the Questions?, 12 Am. Indian L. Rev. 195 (1987); Stephen Cornell & Joseph
P. Kalt, What Can Tribes Do? Strategies and Institutions in American Indian
Economic Development (1992).




n2  For an example of "hands on" suggestions, see Symposium, Securing Economic
Sovereignty Through Agreement, 37 New Eng. L. Rev. 523 (2003) (advocating the
establishment of effective economic agreements as a way to gain economic
sovereignty); Dao Lee Bernardi-Boyle, State Corporations for Indian
Reservations, 26 Am. Indian L. Rev. 41 (2001-2002) (discussing a "hands on"
solution for problems arising from tribal contractual relationships).




n3  United States Minority Business Development Association, United States Small
Business Administration (SBA), and Registered 8(a) Corporations.




n4  There are over 100 community development banks in America. However, many of
them are precluded from helping American Indians because of location, distance
from tribal lands and specific ethnic, living or other conditions which by
definition American Indians cannot meet. See generally Rochelle E. Lento,
Community Development Banking Strategy for Revitalizing Our Communities, 27 U.
Mich. J.L. Reform 773 (1994).




n5  See 15 U.S.C. § 636 (m) (2000 & Supp. II 2002).




n6  See U.S. Small Bus. Admin., SBA Financing - Eligibility & Preparation: Basic
Requirements, at http://www.sba.gov/financing/preparation/requirements.html
(last visited Oct. 20, 2003).




n7  SBA defines a "small business" as "one that is independently owned and
operated and not dominant in its field." Only small businesses that meet certain
employment or sales standards set forth by SBA are eligible for SBA assistance.
Standards employed in eligibility determinations differ, depending on whether
the business operates as a manufacturing or wholesale company. U.S. Small Bus.
Admin., SBA - Financing: Eligibility & Preparation: Eligibility Size Standards,
at http://www.sba.gov/financing/preparation/eligibility.html (last visited Dec.
3, 2003).




n8  Microenterprise refers to the actual business itself. See discussion infra
Part II.A.2. Although this article discusses microenterprise, its specific focus
will be on the function of microfinance and microlending and the other services
that make up a microfinance institution.




n9  See discussion infra Part II.A.




n10  The Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma already has such a program in place. See
Cherokee Nation, Micro-Enterprise Development Program, at
http://www.cherokee.org/Services/ CommerceService.asp?ID=170 (last visited Oct.
12, 2004).




n11  See Muhammad Yunus, Poverty Alleviation: Is Economics Any Help? Lessons
from the Grameen Bank Experience, 52 J. Int'l Affairs 47, 49 (1998).




n12  See discussion infra Part II.B.




n13  E.g., Susan R. Jones, Small Business and Community Economic Development:
Transactional Lawyering for Social Change and Economic Justice, 4 Clinical L.
Rev. 195 (1997) (discussing American Community Economic Development Clinics and
their impact on the community); Yoko Miyashita, Microfinance and Poverty
Alleviation: Lessons from Indonesia's Village Banking System, 10 Pac. Rim L. &
Pol'y J. 147 (2000) (providing an in depth glimpse of microfinance in Eastern
Pacific countries); Christopher Jordan Heisen, Comment, Community Development
Lite: An Economic Analysis of the Community Development Financial Institutions
Act, 39 How. L.J. 337 (1995) (discussing Congress' attempt at microfinance in
the Community Development Financial Institutions Act). But see Keith N. Hylton,
Banks and Inner Cities: Market and Regulatory Obstacles to Development Lending,
17 Yale J. on Reg. 197 (2000) (providing a caution against using microfinance in
inner city economic development).




n14  Louise A. Howells, The Dimensions of Microenterprise: A Critical Look at
Microenterprise as a Tool to Alleviate Poverty, 9 J. Affordable Housing &
Community Dev. L. 161, 164 (2000).




n15  Smaller business than the typical small business as defined by SBA. See
supra note 7 (definition of "small business").




n16  Ass'n for Economic Opportunity & Microenterprise Fund for Innovation,
Effectiveness, Learning & Dissemination at the Aspen Inst., Microenterprise Fact
Sheet Series No. 1, Microenterprise Development in the United States: An
Overview 5 (2000) [hereinafter Microenterprise Fact Sheet] (copy on file with
author).




n17  Id. at 3.




n18  Id.




n19  Credit ratings are graded on an alphabetical scale from A to D with A being
the best and having a FICO (Fair Isaacs) credit score of 620 or better. A poor
credit rating of D generally has a FICO credit score of 550 or less. See A to Z
Financial Services, http://www.atozfinancial. com/creditratings.html (last
visited Dec. 3, 2003).




n20  A microentrepreneur is defined as "one who owns a microenterprise."
Microenterprise Fact Sheet, supra note 16, at 5.




n21  Yunus, supra note 11, at 49.




n22  Microenterprise Fact Sheet, supra note 16, at 1.




n23  Id. at 3.




n24  Id.




n25  Id.




n26  See Yunus, supra note 11, at 49-52.




n27  Howells, supra note 14, at 163.




n28  Id.




n29  Highlights from the 2002 Directory, 2002 Directory of U.S. Microenterprise
Programs 1 [hereinafter 2002 Directory] (Aspen Inst., Washington, D.C.).




n30  See Microenterprise Fact Sheet, supra note 16, at 5.




n31  Id. at 4-5.




n32  See discussion infra Part II. For information on the Cherokee Nation's
program, see the Cherokee Nation's web site: Cherokee Nation, Micro-Enterprise
Development Program, at
http://www.cherokee.org/Services/CommerceService.asp?ID=170 (last visited Oct.
12, 2004).




n33  Microlending Is Latest Trend in Business Assistance, Rural Conditions &
Trends, vol. 10, no. 1, at 19, a v a i l a b l e a t
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/rcat/rcat101/rcat101d. pdf (last visited
Nov. 1, 2003) [hereinafter Microlending] .




n34  See infra Part II.B.2.




n35  See Press Release, Royal Economic Society, Explaining the Widespread
Success of Grameen Bank-Style 'Microlending' (July 2000) (on file with author),
available at h t t p : / / w w w .
res.org.uk/society/mediabriefings/pdfs/2000/July/ghatak.pdf [hereinafter Press
Release, RES].




n36  Jameel Jaffer, Microfinance and the Mechanics of Solidarity Lending:
Improving Access to Credit Through Innovations in Contract Structure, 9 J.
Transnat'l L. & Policy 183, 200 (1999).




n37  Id.




n38  See generally Betsy Brill, Profiles in Microenterprise, New Village J.,
issue 2, at http://www.newvillage.net/Journal/Issue2/2microlending.html; Press
Release, RES, supra note 35; Yunus, supra note 11.




n39  Jaffer, supra note 36, at 200.




n40  Id.




n41  Id. at 201-02.




n42  Id. at 197-98.




n43  Id.




n44  Id.




n45  Laura Brandt et al., Lending Methodology Module (The Russia Microfinance
Project, Doc. No. 53, n.d.), at
http://depts.washington.edu/mfinance/eng/curriculum/docs/ 53
LendingMethodology.doc (on file with author).




n46  Jaffer, supra note 36, at 201.




n47  Id. at 200.




n48  See generally Lento, supra note 4.




n49  Heisen, supra note 13, at 348-49; see also Lento, supra note 4, at 784-90.




n50  This seems a bit misleading. In many CDB's the loan size is much less than
the stated range. However, the SBA defines the loan size as being between $ 500
and $ 25,000.




n51  Microenterprise Fact Sheet, supra note 16, at 7.




n52  Id.




n53  Peggy Clark & Amy Kays, Microenterprise and the Poor, Executive Summary vii
(1997) (Aspen Inst., Washington D.C.).




n54  For purposes of this comment, reference to a "microfinance institution"
broadly encompasses all entities established to cultivate microenterprise on any
scale. The institution may be a for-profit or a nonprofit concern.




n55  A Community Development Credit Union is a nonprofit financial cooperative
institution owned and controlled by its members. Lento, supra note 4, at 777.




n56  A Community Development Bank is a federally insured and regulated
depository institution with a primary mission to provide capital and to rebuild
lower income communities. Id. at 776.




n57  See Microlending, supra note 33.




n58  See Howells, supra note 14, at 163. See generally Brandt et al., supra note
45 (discussing the early history of microlending and its resurgence today).




n59  2002 Directory, supra note ?, at 3; see also Howells, supra note 14.




n60  A Short History of Grameen Bank, at
http://www.grameen-info.org/bank/hist.html (last visited Nov. 8, 2003).




n61  See generally Yunus, supra note 11.




n62  Grameen Bank Historical Data Series 1998-2002, at
http://www.grameen-info.org/ bank/hist2001.html (last visited Nov. 8, 2003).




n63  Id.




n64  Press Release, RES, supra note 35, at 1.




n65  See Yunus, supra note 11; Grameen - Banking for the Poor, at
http://www.grameen-info.org (last visited Nov. 8, 2003).




n66  Yunus, supra note 11, at 52.




n67  Id. at 55.




n68  See Jaffer, supra note 36, at 186.




n69  See Cherokee Nation, Commerce, at
http://www.cherokee.org/Services/Commerce.asp (last visited Nov. 8, 2003).




n70  See Cherokee Nation, Micro-Enterprise Development P r o g r a m , a t h t t
p : / / w w w . cherokee.org/Services/CommerceService.asp?ID=170 (last visited
Oct. 12, 2004).




n71  Id.




n72  Id.




n73  Id.




n74  Id.




n75  See generally Yunus, supra note 11.




n76  See Richard J. Ansson, Jr. & Ladine Oravetz, Tribal Economic Development:
What Challenges Lie Ahead for Tribal Nations as They Continue to Strive for
Economic Diversity?, 11 Kan. J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 441 (2002) (including a
discussion regarding the Mississippi Band of Choctaws and their industrial
development); Kathryn R.L. Rand, There Are No Pequots on the Plains: Assessing
the Success of Indian Gaming, 5 Chap. L. Rev. 47 (2002) (discussing the success
of many tribes in the area of gaming and the available funds due to that
industry).




n77  FIELD Microenterprise, at http://www.fieldus.org (last visited Nov. 8,
2003).




n78  See Jaffer, supra note 36, at 184-85.




n79  See supra Part II.B.2.




n80  See Grameen - Banking for the Poor, at http://www.grameen-info.org (last
visited Nov. 8, 2003).


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2010 New York University Journal of
                         International Law and Politics
              New York University Journal of International Law and
                                    Politics

                                  Summer, 2010

              New York University Journal of International Law and
                                    Politics

                       42 N.Y.U. J. Int'l L. & Pol. 1111

LENGTH: 9651 words

SYMPOSIUM: Fifteenth Annual Herbert and Justice Rose Luttan Rubin International
Law Symposium: The Privatization of Development Assistance*: DEMOCRATIZING
FOREIGN AID: ONLINE PHILANTHROPY AND INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT ASSISTANCE

* This symposium was made possible through the generous support of the Carnegie
Corporation of New York, and was co-sponsored by the Institute for International
Law and Justice.

NAME: Raj M. Desai & Homi Kharas*

BIO: * Raj M. Desai is a Nonresident Senior Fellow at the Wolfensohn Center for
Development at the Brookings Institution, and Associate Professor of
International Development in the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at
Georgetown University. Homi Kharas is a Senior Fellow for global economy and
development with the Wolfensohn Center.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Both are 501(c)(3) nonprofit organizations, and both operate primarily
though their internet portals, through which anyone with a credit card or PayPal
account can donate to development projects or lend to micro-entrepreneurs who
post requests online.  ... This consists of three parts: first, a comparison of
official aid flows to private aid flows from GlobalGiving and Kiva; second, an
analysis of the factors influencing funding decisions of individual GlobalGiving
donors and Kiva lenders; and third a discussion of the effects of donor
fragmentation.  ... The primary goal of GlobalGiving's website is to match the
interests of potential donors with the needs of individuals seeking funds for
projects; for this reason, it is sometimes referred to an "Ebay" for development
assistance.  ... Both Kiva and Global Giving report their administrative costs
for developing and maintaining the websites and providing the matching and
information services that permits the short route of funding from person to
person to occur.  ... Allocations by Country Turning to country-specific lending
rates, Figure 6 compares average hours to fund (for GlobalGiving projects, log
scale) and average seconds to fund (Kiva loans, also log scale) on a set of
common countries, i.e., countries to which Kiva loans have been disbursed and
countries for which GlobalGiving projects have been completely funded.

TEXT:
 [*1111]

   I. Introduction

 The nature of development assistance is changing rapidly, with new delivery
mechanisms and new players becoming important parts of the aid system. Official
funding is increasingly being channeled through specialized agencies dedicated
to particular targets, like HIV/AIDS or malaria, instead of through traditional
agencies like the World Bank's International Development Association, which
provides support for broad country development programs. A raft of new players
has emerged from the private sector, bypassing the traditional channels. These
new players include foundations, religious organizations, other NGOs and
nonprofits, as well as individual philanthropists.

   Between 1998 and 2008, international private giving by U.S.-based corporate
and independent foundations and individuals doubled. Private aid, comprised of
foundations, nongovernmental organizations, religious groups, and charities in
the United States contributed almost $ 37 billion to development causes in 2007.
n1 The World Bank, in comparison, committed about $ 25 billion. n2 This growth
in private aid is seen at all levels, from "mega-charities" such as the Gates,
Ford, MacArthur,  [*1112]  Rockefeller, and Hewlett foundations, to hundreds of
smaller foundations. n3 Meanwhile, transnational nongovernmental organizations
(NGOs) such as CARE, Oxfam, Medecins Sans Frontieres, and Save the Children,
each with annual budgets exceeding $ 500 million, now distribute more
development aid than the entire United Nations system. n4

   More recently, online philanthropy has proliferated with the spread of global
internet usage. Gifting aid over the internet is anonymous. There is no
face-to-face contact with the recipient and no expectation of material reward to
the giver. It is one of the purest of altruistic acts. It is also one of the
most rapidly expanding forms of private giving to international causes. Although
online giving still represents a small fraction of private aid, several
internet-based platforms have been able to expand in scale, steadily increasing
the number of contributors, as well as the amounts disbursed to developing
countries. n5

   InterAction, an umbrella group of U.S. NGOs responsible for giving $ 6
billion per year in foreign aid, estimates that its members get contributions
from 13 million groups, or about 50 million individuals. In addition, new
online-giving tools have vastly expanded the pool of potential donors. This
"democratization" of foreign assistance raises several implications for the
relationships between aid givers and recipients. How do private aid flows -
especially when the ability to participate in aid giving is open to all citizens
- differ from official aid flows? What are the factors that influence the
character of these private aid flows? For private aid that is facilitated by
internet social networking, what can be said about the ways in which different
online platforms influence private giving?

    [*1113]  We argue that private aid provided by newly enfranchised individual
citizen-donors and citizen-lenders via the internet represents a unique and
potentially consequential form of foreign assistance, in three respects. First,
online-based private aid mechanisms resolve some of the traditional constraints
that, historically, have limited the scale and scope of individual charitable
giving and given a rationale for aid to be channeled through public agencies.
Second, online-based private aid is by definition a reflection of the
preferences of philanthropic-minded individuals who determine their own
allocations across countries and, within countries, across sectors, projects,
and individuals. Official aid, although funded by taxpayers, gives their
citizens little say over aid allocations. Third, this new kind of private aid is
strongly influenced by the specific characteristics of the person or project
receiving aid but not sensitive to the characteristics of the country in which
the recipient lives.

   Private internet-based aid represents a new modality for providing
development assistance. It is different from official assistance by virtue of
the fact that it reflects the views of multiple small donors rather than a few
experts. The new private aid platforms do not seek to coordinate or plan aid in
any way. It remains to be seen whether this affects the development outcomes it
achieves to a significant degree.

   Part II of this article examines the changing landscape of development aid,
focusing on the rise of online philanthropy through the example of two
well-known internet-based platforms, GlobalGiving and Kiva. GlobalGiving
facilitates matches between community projects in developing countries seeking
funds and individuals who can contribute grants. Kiva allows individual lenders
the opportunity to lend to hand-picked microfinance institutions at zero percent
interest. These microfinance institutions, in turn, screen local applicants and
lend money to entrepreneurs in developing countries. Both are 501(c)(3)
nonprofit organizations, and both operate primarily though their internet
portals, through which anyone with a credit card or PayPal account can donate to
development projects or lend to micro-entrepreneurs who post requests online.
Part III considers constraints on the provision of large-scale international
aid, and explores how online philanthropy markets address these constraints.
Part IV investigates how democratization of private aid through the  [*1114]
GlobalGiving and Kiva online platforms results in different aid flow
distribution. This consists of three parts: first, a comparison of official aid
flows to private aid flows from GlobalGiving and Kiva; second, an analysis of
the factors influencing funding decisions of individual GlobalGiving donors and
Kiva lenders; and third a discussion of the effects of donor fragmentation. In
the conclusion we offer some tentative policy implications of the rise of
private online aid for the current global foreign-aid architecture.

   II. The Changing Landscape of Development Aid

 Warren Buffett made headlines in 2006 by announcing that he was earmarking 85
percent of his wealth to six foundations, an amount then valued at about $ 31
billion, the largest philanthropic gift in history: n6 "I know what I want to
do, and it makes sense to get going," he said at the time. n7 The record-setting
size of the declaration and the purposiveness in targeting it to international
development highlights, in a somewhat celebrity fashion, the increasing
significance of private-sector giving in the landscape of global aid. Private
aid includes not only generous gifts from philanthropists like Buffett, but also
funds from foundations, corporations, private voluntary organizations (PVOs),
universities, and religious organizations. Taken together, the private sector in
OECD countries may contribute around $ 60 billion per year in aid to developing
countries. n8

   That may seem small compared to official development assistance (ODA) of $
120 billion in 2008. But ODA includes some artificial forms of "aid": for
example, administrative expenses  [*1115]  of bilateral aid agencies; relief on
debts that were unlikely to ever be repaid (along with the punitive accrued
interest on past late payments); inflated valuations of technical cooperation
provided by for-profit international consultants. Considering only development
projects and programs in developing countries, the global size of private aid is
today roughly equivalent to ODA. n9 In the United States, private aid is 50
percent larger than official aid.

   This new source of funding, from large and small donors alike, is changing
the nature of private aid organizations. They are no longer simply contractors
for government-sponsored programs as in the past but rather have an independent
voice and strategy. InterAction estimates that two-thirds of its members' funds
now come from private donations; ten years ago, two-thirds came from the
implementation of government aid contracts. While NGOs depended on government
contracts, they simply followed official aid policies. Now that they are
financially independent, they have developed their own voice. n10

   The sheer number of official aid players has exploded. n11 There are
significant benefits to this dynamism, including more resources, more innovative
solutions, and more direct action. However, there have also been costs. The
number of development projects has grown while the average size of a project has
declined, burdening weak administrative structures in recipient countries. There
is overlap and waste because each official donor needs to report independently
on the broad development landscape in which each project operates.
Accountability and sustainability are threatened. Mechanisms for information
sharing, coordination, planning, and scaling  [*1116]  up are breaking down. The
key issues facing development aid are those that arise from this fragmentation
and the accompanying volatility of aid disbursements. Seeing these problems with
official aid, many private aid agencies are stepping in to try to do things
better.

   A. Internet Philanthropy - Global Giving and Kiva

 Despite the growth of private aid in general, and internet-based aid in
particular, relatively little is known about the allocation and effectiveness of
private aid. Defenders of private aid argue that private development assistance
is more effective than official development assistance (ODA) due to lower
overhead costs, less susceptibility to corrupt practices, and the fact that aid
is allocated according to need on the ground with very little of the money
funneled back to consultants and contractors in donor countries (as "technical
assistance"), leaving more for the beneficiaries in developing nations. n12

   GlobalGiving was launched in 2002 by two former World Bank economists and is
one of the oldest online philanthropy markets. On the GlobalGiving website,
prospective donors can search projects by country/region, by "theme," or
according to certain keywords. Donors can also search projects according to the
date they were posted on the website, by project sponsor, and according to the
percentage of the project request that has already been funded. Potential grant
seekers must either submit projects through one of GlobalGiving's project
"partners" (mainly U.S. and international NGOs) or submit projects directly
after meeting certain due-diligence requirements. The primary goal of
GlobalGiving's website is to match the interests of potential donors with the
needs of individuals seeking funds for projects; for this reason, it is
sometimes referred to an "Ebay" for development assistance.

   Kiva operates mainly by bundling together microloans to entrepreneurs in
developing countries. Prospective borrowers post their projects through one of
several affiliated  [*1117]  microfinance institutions (MFIs). The Kiva website,
similarly, allows project searches by geography, sector, and keyword.

   Each site takes a different approach to the online "market" for philanthropy
or microcredit. GlobalGiving does not restrict the size of donation requests,
nor does it limit the amount of time any given project may remain posted on the
website. By contrast, Kiva limits both loan size and time on the website. Until
the end of 2007, individual loan requests could not exceed $ 1,200; that limit
has since been raised to $ 2,000. The maximum request for group loans remains $
5,000. In addition, borrowers' projects may list their requests on the website
for only thirty days, after which they are removed (the maximum repayment period
for all loans is twenty-four months). Because of the smaller average size of
individual projects, Kiva has occasionally had to cap individual lenders'
contributions for lack of fundable projects. n13

   Both GlobalGiving and Kiva also make use of web-based, interactive forms of
communication - journals, blogs, or comment forums. Those who have obtained
grants through GlobalGiving, for example, can post pictures or other information
documenting their progress and activities. Kiva's field partners may post
"business journals" identifying how the loan is being used, or what effect it
has had on the business owner. This reporting is not required by either
organization, and thus the flow of information from recipients can be erratic,
and the information provided is very rarely financially detailed. Nevertheless,
Kiva and GlobalGiving platforms provide enough information to make a personal
connection between the donor and the recipient. A key problem for both
organizations is to decide on exactly what information (and how much
information) to provide to permit informed choices without overwhelming an
individual donor.

   To assist prospective individual donors and lenders in making decisions, both
GlobalGiving and Kiva provide some information about the projects listed. Once
the projects are posted on the websites, potential donors and lenders can search
projects by size (grant or loan amount), by recipient's region, and by sector.
GlobalGiving donors may search, additionally, by project sponsor or the
frontline organization that will run the project, while Kiva lenders can search
by gender of  [*1118]  the borrower (both GlobalGiving's and Kiva's websites
also have normal search capabilities, where they can query projects by any term
that appears in the project description). On both websites, short narratives are
included by the sponsoring organization (the charity that will use the money, or
the MFI through which the loan is being channeled) that describe the purpose for
which the funds will be used and give some brief background information on the
principal grantee(s) or borrower(s). Once a project is selected, donor-lenders
can contribute funds in any amount up to the full amount requested. n14 Using a
PayPal account (or in the case of GlobalGiving, a direct payment from a credit
card or a check), donor-lenders then transfer funds in the pledged amount.
Projects accumulate funds from donors-lenders in this manner until they are
fully funded.

   Besides the central difference between GlobalGiving and Kiva, in that the
former collects donations for grant requests while the latter collects
contributions to microloan requests, each organization uses differently
structured platforms to bundle funds from individuals. In particular,
GlobalGiving is less restrictive, in that currently there are no limits in terms
of project size (and therefore contribution restrictions), listing time allowed
for grant requests on its website, and number of requests allowed at any given
time. Kiva, by contrast, limits project size, listing time allowed, and the
total number of listed projects permitted on the site. All requests made to Kiva
enter a queue, and after a preliminary screening, they are posted on the website
for a maximum of thirty days, after which they are pulled from the site.

   These platform differences have created contrasting results for GlobalGiving
and Kiva. Because GlobalGiving does not limit grant requests, and because many
of these grant requests are for large amounts of money, the number of projects
is large, but the portion of fully funded projects is relatively small. Kiva's
more controlled approach, on the other hand, limits the number and variety of
microloan requests that appear  [*1119]  on the site, but those that do appear
have so far always been 100 percent funded. As a result, GlobalGiving has an
abundance of projects, but most projects are listed for several months before
they are funded, while Kiva - facing no shortage of individuals willing to lend
relatively small amounts - often is without an adequate number of loan requests.

   These differences can be seen in table 1, and in figures 1 and 2. Table 1
lists some basic indicators for both internet platforms. Stark differences
appear mainly in terms of project amount, volume of activity, and funding rates.
GlobalGiving's projects are, on average, eight times larger than Kiva's.
Activity on the Kiva website, on the other hand, is intense: 2,000 projects
posted in an average month in 2008 (compared to GlobalGiving's twelve). The
total dollar amounts requested through Kiva's site in an average month in 2008
was approximately $ 1.6 million, relative to GlobalGiving's $ 71,000. As
expected due to different average amount requests, Kiva lenders fund a typical
loan request in approximately two days while the average GlobalGiving project
requires over a year to be fully funded. Finally, less than a tenth of all of
GlobalGiving's projects posted since 2003 have been fully funded. All of Kiva's
projects posted since 2006 have been funded 100 percent.

   Table 1: Basic Indicators


Averages                                            GlobalGiving  Kiva

Amount requested (by project, 2008)                 $ 5,935       $ 725
Funding rate ($ /hour)                              1.19          93.68
Hours per grant/loan                                11,000        52
U.S.-based donor share                              0.78          0.70
New projects (by month, 2008)                       12            2,229
Total requested (by month, 2008)                    $ 71,220      $ 1,616,025
Percent fully funded (by project, 2008)             9.5%          100%


 Figure 1 shows monthly gross disbursements for GlobalGiving and Kiva.
GlobalGiving's monthly disbursements reached approximately $ 750,000 by the end
of 2008, while Kiva was disbursing about $ 3.5 million monthly. Kiva's dramatic
growth of gross disbursement is also helped by the fact that by  [*1120]  the
end of 2008 some original loans were being repaid and could be re-lent.

   Figure 1: Gross Disbursements via Global Giving and Kiva Internet Portals

 [SEE FIGURE 1 IN ORIGINAL]
 Internet Portals
 Figure 2 shows all grant and loan requests for GlobalGiving and Kiva,
respectively, since their establishment. The first graph plots all requested
amounts (in U.S. dollars, log scale) to GlobalGiving over a period of seven
years, showing both projects that are fully funded (solid circles) and those
that are as of yet not fully funded (hollow circles). The funded requests tend
to be scattered along the bottom of the graph, suggesting that grant requests
for large projects are more likely to remain unfunded for a longer period of
time. The second graph shows a similar scatterplot for Kiva (over three years).
As all Kiva loan requests are fully funded, there is no distinction between
funded and unfunded loan requests. The graph also shows cut-offs at the $ 1,200
level (which is the maximum loan that individual entrepreneur can request) and $
5,000 (the maximum request for groups since late 2007).

[*1121]

   Figure 2: Projects (grants and loans) Funded


 [SEE FIGURE 2 IN ORIGINAL]
 Kiva
 Global Giving
  [*1122]

   III. Issues in Private Aid Provision

 Foreign aid delivered through official channels does not provide direct
connections between citizens and recipients. Citizens pay their taxes to the
government, which in turn allocates resources to other governments to fund
myriad public programs, among them programs that benefit poor individuals around
the world. There is no face-to-face contact between an individual taxpayer and
the final recipient, and, insofar as taxpayers have inaccurate perceptions of
how their government spends development aid, there are few concrete expectations
of impact, return, or reward.

   Many international development charities operate in a similar manner. Private
donors direct resources to an organization (with which the donor identifies
with, agrees with, or otherwise trusts), and the organization in turn allocates
resources to various programs and operational expenses. Some organizations do
allow varying forms of "sponsorship." This usually involves donors receiving
updates from recipients (e.g., updates from a child recipient), or selecting a
level of donation that corresponds to different types of the organizations'
activities (e.g., a donation of X dollars allows the charity to purchase Y
vaccines). Donors are not typically able to select which child they sponsor, and
funds received are not usually earmarked.

   These traditional modes of aid delivery are designed to cope with the
Samaritan's Dilemma. n15 Effective giving requires an understanding of the
structural causes of poverty, and programs must be designed to address these
causes, not just to treat the symptoms. Government agencies and organized NGOs
provide an institutional basis for making these decisions. Private aid often
operates without such institutionalized structures, and individuals giving aid
must answer a set of questions. Why should I give (and not someone else)? Will
my help be effective? How should I help? These questions can be framed in
economic terms. Is there a collective action problem to solve? How high are
transaction costs? Are there agency costs?

    [*1123]  The new forms of internet-based giving offer different answers to
the traditional models of charity. First, taxpayers who support foreign aid in
principle may be insufficiently mobilized relative to particular interest
groups. n16 The internet offers an opportunity for individual action rather than
collective action. Second, the route that official aid takes - from taxpayers to
government coffers, to aid agencies to governments in developing nations to
public agencies or private organizations in the field - is long and winding and,
whether accurate or not, is often perceived by taxpayers in donor countries to
be costly and susceptible to corruption and leakage as funds move from donor
countries to beneficiaries in recipient countries. Internet-based aid offers a
more direct connection between giver and recipient. Third, donor-country
individuals may want to help, but recognize that they need to act through one or
more intermediaries (usually governments or NGOs) - parts of a global
foreign-aid apparatus that may be simply too insulated or centralized to
incorporate the individual preferences. n17 Internet-based giving offers many
more opportunities for choosing the kind of intermediation platform that donors
feel most comfortable with.

   A. Collective Action Problems

 The public economics literature suggests that collective action problems may
block private giving for worthy causes because  [*1124]  each individual,
behaving rationally, tries to free-ride on others' generosity. Governments can
overcome the collective action problem by taxing everyone and providing grants
to the causes to which individuals would want to give. One common empirical
approach is to test whether individual donations are smaller in areas where
government grants are larger. Such crowding-out would be evidence of collective
action problems at work.

   A review of the literature finds evidence that crowding-out in domestic
charities is significant. n18 Bekkers and Wiepking's summary mostly looks at
cross-section studies. In the long run, cointegration tests show that increased
government spending crowds out charitable giving, especially in the education
sector. In the short run, however, the effects are weaker and not significant.
The authors suggest that it may take time for individuals to get full
information on what the government is doing.

   Andreoni and Payne also confirm the crowding-out effect in a large sample of
charities. n19 They demonstrate that crowding out occurs through two channels:
classic crowding out (where donors feel less willing to give) and fundraising
crowding out (where organizations receiving grants reduce activity to collect
donations). The evidence suggests that fundraising crowding out accounts for 68
percent of the observed crowding-out effect.

   This evidence, however, relates to giving through NGOs compared to government
tax-and-spend programs. It does not directly look at new forms of internet-based
giving. For these  [*1125]  platforms, the premise is that the act of individual
giving is pleasurable to the donor - that is, assuming that giving is
altruistic. If so, it would suggest that the collective-action constraint to
international aid is minimal. n20

   What seems unquestionable is that both official aid and private international
giving have risen strongly in the United States over the last decade, suggesting
limited crowding out. U.S. official development assistance has doubled since
2000, from $ 12 billion to $ 25 billion in 2008 (in constant 2007 dollars).
Private aid has also grown fast. In the United States, private giving for
international development totaled $ 36.9 billion in 2007. While time series data
on private giving volumes is not available, the number of private foundations
has grown from 40,100 in 1995 to 71,000 in 2005 (with more than 650 U.S.
foundations making grants for international affairs). n21 Meanwhile,
international NGOs quadrupled from 6,000 to 26,000 in the 1990s; today there are
thought to be some 40,000  [*1126]  such organizations. n22 The growth in
private aid is all the more striking because survey data suggests that public
opinion overestimates the size of official aid by significant amounts. In the
United States, 69 percent of people think the U.S. government gives more than
other countries in international aid, as a share of their GDP. n23 That would
tend to bias private giving downwards if crowding out is indeed serious.

   B. Transaction Costs

 Official aid is perceived to have low transaction costs because it operates at
large scale. But official aid travels a long route, with costs at each stage.
The first stage is the cost of tax collection when money is transferred from
individuals to the treasury. In this stage, costs consist of the direct
administrative costs of tax collection as well as deadweight losses from
taxation. These costs can be substantial. n24

   In the second stage, official donor agencies transfer funds to recipient
country governments to support specific development projects and programs. The
administrative costs of these agencies have averaged between 4 to 5 percent,
according to statistics reported by the OECD Development Assistance Committee.
n25

   The third stage involves costs associated with transferring the money from
the recipient government to final beneficiaries through project implementation.
Administrative costs of the project, corruption, and other leakages mean that
only about half the funds actually reach their stated end purpose. n26  [*1127]
In all, transaction costs on official aid could amount to 60 percent or more.

   Private aid, particularly internet-based, offers a more direct connection
between donors and recipients and potentially reduces transaction costs. At both
GlobalGiving or Kiva, the flow of funds route is short: money goes from an
individual to the online platform, where it is pooled and transferred to a
financial or project intermediary in a recipient country, which then disburses
to the final beneficiaries. The long route of passing through government
bureaucracies is avoided.

   There are, however, some differences in approach. Kiva focuses on
individuals, or entrepreneurs, and provides a person-to-person link. Its
feedback mechanisms and other information on the site are all geared towards
establishing a connection between people. Global Giving, in contrast, highlights
the worthiness of the projects they are proposing for funding. Donors contribute
directly to those activities, rather than to individuals.

   Both Kiva and Global Giving report their administrative costs for developing
and maintaining the websites and providing the matching and information services
that permits the short route of funding from person to person to occur. Those
costs have averaged around 15 percent. Both companies, however, are relatively
new and still expanding, and costs may be expected to fall significantly if
their business model is successful and expansion continues at its recent rate.

   Higher transaction costs are incurred at the financial intermediary that
conveys the money from Kiva to the micro-entrepreneur and that collects
repayments. Studies suggest that interest rates on microcredits are between 30
to 50 percent in order to cover default risk and transaction costs. n27 At the
upper end of that rate, the total costs for private giving through  [*1128]
microcredit, to take just one example, are probably about the same as for
official aid.

   C. Agency Costs

 From the perspective of individual donors, channeling funds through official
aid agencies has the drawback that it is the agency that decides what projects
to fund rather than the donor. For some, this may not be a cost but a benefit.
If an official agency learns about what works in development, has an active
evaluation mechanism, strong project review and implementation structures, and
appropriate financial controls, it may provide valuable services to the
individual donor.

   On the other hand, if the official agency chooses projects on a different
basis from what an individual would choose, or imposes conditions on its giving,
there may be agency costs. In the past, one large source of agency costs came
from tied aid, a practice where procurement was linked to the country of origin
of the funds. It is unlikely that altruistic individual donors would care about
whether a particular good or service was procured from a specific country,
whereas it is more obvious why a national government may care about such
linkages. Estimates of the cost of tied aid vary, but averaged between 15 to 30
percent. n28 For some types of aid, like technical cooperation, the costs of
tying may be even higher.

   A further source of agency costs comes from differences in approach about
what makes for an effective aid intervention. Individual donors may have views
about project size, gender of recipient, sector, and other characteristics that
differ from official agency views. The greater the difference, the greater the
agency costs of transferring aid through official channels rather than through
direct person-to-person giving.

   IV. The Distribution of Aid Flows: Evidence from Internet Philanthropy

 Assuming that the allocation of aid through GlobalGiving and Kiva reflects
philanthropic citizens' preferences regarding development assistance, this Part
analyzes data on internet-  [*1129]  based transactions to determine the extent
to which private preferences differ from official aid agency preferences, as
well as to examine the factors that affect the supply of private development
aid. We proceed in two steps. First, using information on disbursements by
recipient country, we compare the allocation of official development aid for
projects and programs to GlobalGiving's disbursements for projects, and of
official microcredit lending to Kiva's microloans. Official aid categories are
defined to overlap as closely as possible with GlobalGiving and Kiva activities;
humanitarian aid, debt relief, technical cooperation, administrative expenses,
and other forms of official aid are excluded from this analysis. Second, moving
beyond country-specific factors affecting aid and microloan allocations, we
examine the funding rates of specific project grant or microloan requests - the
"velocity" at which individual grant and loan requests are funded once they are
posted on the GlobalGiving or Kiva websites.

   A. Sensitivity of Official and Online Aid to Recipient-Country
Characteristics

 Several observers of foreign aid have argued that assistance would have greater
impact on growth and poverty were it better targeted to poorer countries, and to
countries with better "institutions." n29 Empirical work on this subject has
found increasing selectivity of aid money along these lines, especially after
the end of the Cold War. n30 In the 1990s, for example, bilateral and
multilateral aid was allocated more selectively in terms of objective criteria,
whereas in the 1980s the same donors tended to be more arbitrary. Whether
private aid is equally selective remains a puzzle, mainly due to the poor
quality of data on private aid allocation. Some skeptics of private development
aid believe that aid allocation is influenced by considerations that are
unrelated to the needs of the poor in recipient countries. In particular,
increased competition  [*1130]  among NGOs for funding has prompted these groups
to capitalize on the misery of the world's poor in order to perpetuate and fund
themselves. As a result, NGOs may hop from crisis to crisis, forever seeking the
next development cause or humanitarian disaster that will mobilize money rather
than taking the long-term perspective that is needed to achieve lasting
development progress.

   GlobalGiving and Kiva disbursements can serve as useful proxies for private
grants and private microloans. We compare four aid categories: (i) net project
and program aid from aid agencies (ODA); (ii) microlending by official aid
agencies; (iii) GlobalGiving disbursements; and (iv) Kiva disbursements, to
examine differences in aid selectivity across recipient countries for these
different types of assistance. All disbursements are per-capita for recipient
countries.

   Figure 3: Sensitivity of Private Aid Disbursements to Institutional Quality
in Recipient Countries

 [SEE FIGURE 3 IN ORIGINAL]
 Note: Disbursements are log scale. Estimates are derived from stochastic
simulations of a regression equation in which total population (log) and
GDP/capita (log) are fixed at their means, and where Democracy is adjusted to
different values along the sample percentile. Bands show +/-95% confidence
intervals.

   [rs text] Figures 3 and 4 shows the sensitivity of these four different aid
flows to poverty (measured as per-capita GDP) and quality of institutions,
proxied by the "Polity" index of democracy, which scores countries from -10
(most non-democratic)  [*1131]  to +10 (most democratic). n31 We see that
official aid is quite selective. More money goes to poorer countries and to more
democratic countries. Comparing official project aid with GlobalGiving, we see
similar tendencies, but GlobalGiving is less selective. Democracy is less of a
factor for GlobalGiving donors. Official microcredits, too, are allocated more
toward democratic countries, as with ODA. Kiva lenders, however, are more likely
to help those living in less democratic countries, perhaps because they are in
greater need. n32

   Private online aid thus appears to be less influenced by recipient
country-specific factors such as GDP per capita or the quality of country
institutions than official aid and microlending. Overall, philanthropic citizens
do not behave like official donors. Given that both Kiva and GlobalGiving are
internet-based platforms drawing from the same group of potential donors, it may
seem surprising that allocations of funds differ between the two of them. One
explanation is that the funding mechanism drives the cross-country allocation.
GlobalGiving is based on a project-funding concept. If poor countries have
developed an expertise in project preparation to attract money from official
donors, then those same countries may have better projects to offer. In the case
of Kiva, all loans flow through participating financial intermediaries. These
may be more developed or more widespread in slightly richer developing countries
(or as countries grow richer). Similarly, Kiva donors may feel a special empathy
for entrepreneurs struggling in non-democratic systems, and hence have a higher
propensity to lend to them. n33

[*1132]

   Figure 4: Sensitivity of Private Aid Disbursements to Poverty in Recipient
Countries

 [SEE FIGURE 4 IN ORIGINAL]
 Note: Disbursements are log scale. Estimates are derived from stochastic
simulations of a regression equation in which total population (log) and
Democracy are fixed at their means, and where GDP/Capita (log) is adjusted to
different values along the sample percentile. Bands show +/-95% confidence
intervals.

   B. Factors Affecting Variation in Funding Rates for GlobalGiving and Kiva

 If traditional country-, sector-, and risk-related factors do not seem to have
a strong effect on the willingness of individual philanthropists to give aid,
what does? Individual philanthropists may be more likely to focus on
project-specific factors, such as the individuals who are receiving the funds,
the specific purposes for which the funds will be used, and the amounts
requested. This section examines the effects of these factors on the rate at
which projects are funded by website visitors. The analysis relies primarily on
information regarding funding rates for GlobalGiving and Kiva projects (measured
in dollars per hour) to determine the relative significance of these various
factors. A project that is funded very quickly can be assumed to appeal more
deeply to more people. The funding rate would therefore reveal information about
the preferences  [*1133]  of donors with respect to the project or recipient
individual.

   Figure 5 shows monthly average dollars-per-hour funding for GlobalGiving
projects (between May 2003 and December 2008) and Kiva loans (between April 2006
and December 2006). Kiva's rate is, on average, tenfold faster than
GlobalGiving's (recall that average project size is much smaller for Kiva). For
Global Giving, with some exceptions in 2003 and in 2008, the funding rates have
remained fairly constant. Kiva's rose between 2006 and early 2008, fell through
2008, and then jumped at the end of the year.

   Figure 5: Global and Kiva Funding Rates

 [SEE FIGURE 5 IN ORIGINAL]

   1. Allocations by Country

 Turning to country-specific lending rates, Figure 6 compares average hours to
fund (for GlobalGiving projects, log scale) and average seconds to fund (Kiva
loans, also log scale) on a set of common countries, i.e., countries to which
Kiva loans have been disbursed and countries for which GlobalGiving projects
have been completely funded. This graphic may be considered a comparison of
"relative" funding rates. The graph does show that some East Asian countries
(Indonesia,  [*1134]  Nepal, and Philippines) receive funding from Kiva faster
than other countries, while Cameroon and Sierra Leone have been favored by
GlobalGiving funders.

   Figure 6: Country-Specific Funding Rates

 [SEE FIGURE 6 IN ORIGINAL]
 Overall, however, there does not seem to be a strong country-specific bias in
terms of funding rates for either GlobalGiving or Kiva. Similarly, when one
compares funding rates across countries to the same country-specific factors
examined in the previous section - quality of institutions, level of poverty,
etc. - there is no clear relationship between these country-level indicators and
funding rates. This pattern can also be seen across regions (in Table 2), with
two exceptions. First, North African states tend to receive GlobalGiving money
faster than countries in other regions. Second, for the online community of both
organizations, there is a clear bias against Eastern Europe and the Commonwealth
of Independent States (CIS) of the former Soviet Union. For both GlobalGiving
and Kiva, the EE/CIS region receive funds at the slowest rate - approximately
two-thirds as fast as for other Kiva regions, barely one-tenth for GlobalGiving.
n34

[*1135]

   Table 2: Funding Rates by Region


Region                                            Dollars per     Dollars
                                                  Hour            per Hour
                                                  (GlobalGiving)  (Kiva)

East Asia/Pacific                                 1.5             160.8
Eastern Europe/CIS                                0.2             114.1
Latin America/Caribbean                           0.4             162.8
Middle East                                       0.7             171.2
North Africa                                      5.3              -
South Asia                                        1.2              -
Sub-Saharan Africa                                1.0             172.9



   2. Allocations by Project Purpose

 Both organizations also collect information regarding the purposes for which
funds are to be used by prospective grantees or borrowers. Table 3 lists funding
rates by GlobalGiving's and Kiva's different sectoral classifications. For
GlobalGiving the fastest recipients tend to be project sponsors involved with
disaster relief followed by human rights, reflecting the orientation of
GlobalGiving's donors towards these areas. Meanwhile, the traditional areas of
official development - education, health, human development, childhood
development, economic development, even climate change - fare poorly by
comparison. In the case of Kiva, one does see some traditional areas of
development - education and health - being funded quickly. On the other hand the
traditional areas of microfinance, namely, entrepreneurship in retail and
economic sectors (construction, transport, retail, services) do not obtain funds
as quickly (only manufacturing does relatively well). Finally, arts and
entertainment - unusual sectors for microcredit - are funded fast.

[*1136]

   Table 3: Sectoral Funding Rates

Global Giving                       Kiva
                       Dollars per                        Dollars per
Theme                  Hour                Sector             Hour

Animals                1.5          Agriculture           151.3
Children               0.7          Arts                  201.5
Climate                0.5          Clothing              141.6
Democracy              2.1          Construction          125.3
Disaster               6.2          Education             251.8
Economic Development   0.2          Entertainment         202.2
Education              1.3          Food                  179.5
Environment            0.4          Health                207.7
Finance                2.9          Housing               113.1
Gender                 1.0          Manufacturing         194.5
Health                 1.5          Personal Use          124.2
Human Development      0.0          Retail                146.2
Human Rights           5.0          Services              161.8
Sport                  0.7          Transportation        130.3
Technology             0.2          Wholesale             146.7


   3. Kiva's Allocation by MFI Rating

 Kiva also rates the MFIs through which it does business, based on repayment
records and other factors, as "one-star" (riskiest) through "five-star" (least
risky). If Kiva's lending community behaved as traditional microlenders,
presumably, these star ratings should have some impact on the rate at which
funds are provided. Table 4 lists average funding rates by MFI star rating. It
is clear that, at $ 95/hour, single-star-rated MFIs receive funds at a slower
rate than better-rated organizations. But once an MFI moves beyond the one-star
threshold, there is not much extra funding speed to be gained from acquiring
three-, four-, or five-star status.

   Table 4: Microfinance Institution Rating and Funding Rates (Kiva)


MFI Rating  Dollars
(stars)     per Hour

1           92.8
2           165.3
3           161.4
4           148.2
5           168.0


  [*1137]

   4. Allocation by Loan-Specific Factors

 Using information from Kiva's microcredit projects, for example, we can examine
the relationship between three loan-specific factors and their funding rates:
loan amounts, duration, and the gender of the borrower. Figures 7 through 9 show
these relationships graphically. In figure 7, for example, we see that the
relationship between loan size and funding speed is U-shaped, small loans and
large loans are funded faster than mid-sized loans. It is likely that small
loans are easily funded by a handful of visitors to the website. But it is also
the case that website visitors may gravitate towards the larger-sized,
group-based loans. Figure 8 shows that the funding rate declines as loans
increase in duration.

   Figure 7: Amount and Funding Rates (Kiva)

 [SEE FIGURE 7 IN ORIGINAL]
 Figure 9, finally, shows that Kiva's lenders also follow one of the tenets of
microfinance - that women are preferable as borrowers. n35 Except for a few
months in 2006 and one month in 2007, the female lending rate is faster than the
male rate (in  [*1138]  some cases twice as fast). Figure 9 also shows the
overall increasing funding-rate trend for Kiva loans until early 2008.

   Figure 8: Loan Duration and Funding Rates (Kiva)

 [SEE FIGURE 8 IN ORIGINAL]

   Figure 9: Gender and Funding Rates (Kiva)

 [SEE FIGURE 9 IN ORIGINAL]
  [*1139]

   C. Effects of Donor Fragmentation

 Internet platforms offer an innovative mechanism for tying together a
fragmented community of individual philanthropists and bundling modest
contributions into large amounts. Thus far, we have examined the effects of
project-specific characteristics on the rate at which projects are funded by
website visitors, on the assumption that these micro-level characteristics trump
country-specific factors that determine the flows of official aid.

   But there is also the question of how donors interact. In other words, the
newest website visitor to GlobalGiving or Kiva will respond not only to the
various characteristics of the project or loan request, but to what other donors
have done up until that point. In particular, a large number of small donations
funding a project may send different signals than a similar project that has
been funded by a small group of donors. On the one hand, donors (and lenders)
may respond positively to highly dispersed projects (being funded by a large
number of small-scale donors) as a result of some sort of philanthropic "herd."
Alternatively, donors may be more inclined to fund more concentrated projects,
seeing an opportunity to be part of a small group of patrons.

   We examine these relationships in figure 10 using GlobalGiving project data.
The graph measures the standard funding rate (dollars per hour) against donor
concentration which is measured as the sum of the squared shares of
contributions from all donors. A concentration measure of 1, then, implies that
the project has been funded by a single donor, a measure of 0.5 implies two
donors (0.52 + 0.52), and so on. We remove all single-funded projects from the
data (since there is no interaction between donors for these projects).

   The graph shows that, on average, the more concentrated the project, the
slower that additional donors will fund it, while more dispersed projects with
lots of donors are funded quickly - evidence of a philanthropic herding effect.
But the variation in funding rates is much higher for concentrated projects,
suggesting that as more and more donors contribute to projects, the rates at
which these projects increases and converges at approximately $ 5/hour.

[*1140]

   Figure 10: Concentration and Funding Rates (GlobalGiving)

 [SEE FIGURE 10 IN ORIGINAL]

   V. Conclusions

 We have shown that the selectivity of development assistance varies between
official and private donors and lenders. Official aid tends to be more
responsive to country-specific factors in aid recipient countries, especially
the income level and institutional environment. Elected officials in the largest
bilateral donors must justify the use of taxpayer funds. Hence their concern -
both in rhetoric and in practice - with using these funds to reduce poverty and
in allocating these funds to countries with lower levels of corruption, more
democratic institutions, etc. These same factors seem to influence private
individuals - at least those who give through internet contributions - to a far
lesser degree. Individual citizen-donors and citizen-lenders, however, do care
about project-specific factors, such as project size, the gender of the
recipients, and the specific purposes for which the funds will be used.

   Our findings suggest that both the aid instrument and platform matter a great
deal. In particular, the fact that Kiva's participants are lending money (in
small amounts) rather than making grants to entrepreneurs may be driving the
high  [*1141]  level of activity on Kiva's website as well as its rapid
expansion, despite the fact that Kiva's lenders have no recourse in the event of
default. GlobalGiving, being a site that bundles donations into larger amounts,
has expanded more slowly.

   Moreover, the person-to-person connections that are the heart of Kiva's
platform may account for the significant growth in number of lenders and amounts
disbursed at Kiva over three years. Although Kiva's lenders actually lend to
MFIs, not to individuals (or groups of individuals) directly, the perception
that specific micro-entrepreneurs are the recipients drives much of activity on
Kiva's website. Indeed, our findings show that individual lenders do not care
nearly as much about MFI risk factors as they do about the specific
entrepreneurs they believe they are funding. n36

   Our findings have implications for policy. Individuals allocate aid
differently than official donors. This indicates that private aid and official
aid are complementary: official aid supports countries, private aid supports
people. With different preferences, formal coordination between these different
donors may not be needed. Instead, each needs to understand when and how it can
partner with the other to meet differing objectives.

   We also suggest that there are few inherent advantages to official aid over
private aid in terms of collective action. New internet-based technology appears
to have reduced the advantage that official agencies once held in terms of
transaction costs. By its very nature, official aid has disadvantages in terms
of agency costs. Multiple private aid platforms can provide a choice for donors
to give money to recipients in developing countries in a much more direct way
than ever before. The  [*1142]  rapid growth of private aid may be attributed to
the attractiveness of this "short route" to giving, but not all recipient
countries are organized to take advantage of this. Our findings suggest that the
design of projects can be fine-tuned to make them more attractive to donors. To
give an example: it is probably more effective to invest in providing assistance
to entrepreneurs to allow them to develop a sensible project idea than to invest
in building the capacity of microfinance intermediaries.

   Finally, an implication of the rapid expansion of internet lending is that
aid recipients would do well to organize themselves to take advantage of new
forms of private aid. In some countries like India, MFIs must first obtain
approval from the Reserve Bank before they can borrow abroad. That is an obvious
barrier to accessing private loans from Kiva, for example. India could benefit
by relaxing its rules for highly concessional credits.

   The phenomenal growth of internet-based giving is testimony to the potential
for private aid to reach a scale which can be significant in global terms. What
has not been shown is that organizing aid in this fashion is more effective for
development. A comparison of development effectiveness between public and
private aid platforms is an important direction for future research.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Business & Corporate LawNonprofit Corporations & OrganizationsGeneral
OverviewTax LawFederal Tax Administration & ProcedureCriminal Procedure &
Penalties (IRC secs. 7201-7217, 7231-7232, 7261-7262, 7268-7273, 7375)Aid &
Assistance in Preparation of False ReturnsTax LawState & Local
TaxesAdministration & ProceedingsCollection

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See Ctr. for Global Prosperity, Hudson Inst., The Index of Global
Philanthropy and Remittances 2009 17 (2009), http://www.
hudson.org/files/documents/Index%20of%20Global%20Philanthropy%20
and%20Remittances%202009.pdf (citing figures from the OECD 2009 report on
development).





n2.  See The World Bank, Annual Report 2007: Fiscal overview,
http://web.worldbank.org/WBSITE/EXTERNAL/EXTABOUTUS/EXTANNRE
P/EXTANNREP2K7/0,,contentMDK:21489961menuPK:4186949pagePK:
64168445piPK:64168309theSitePK:4077916,00.html (tabulating amounts from loans,
credits, guarantees, and grants; this amount was 4 percent higher than total
lending in 2006).





n3.  See Raj M. Desai & Homi Kharas, The California Consensus: Can Private Aid
End Global Poverty?, 50 Survival 155, 155-156 (2008).





n4.  See generally Organisation for Economic Co-operation & Development,
Creditor Reporting System, http://stats.oecd.org/Index.aspx?Dataset Code=CRSNEW
(last visited Apr. 12, 2010) [hereinafter OECD, Creditor Reporting System].





n5.  See, e.g., Kiva, Facts and Statistics, http://www.kiva.org/about/help/stats
(citing over 400,000 lenders distributing over $ 130 million to over 300,000
entrepreneurs) (last visited Apr. 12, 2010).





n6.  See All Things Considered: Buffett gift Sends $ 31 Billion to Gates
Foundation (Nat'l Pub. Radio broadcast June 26, 2006) (reporting on Buffett's
announcement of his donation).





n7.  Carol Loomis, Warren Buffett Gives Away his Fortune, CNNMoney, June 25,
2006, http://money.cnn.com/2006/06/25/magazines/fortune/charity1
.fortune/index.htm.





n8.  See Homi Kharas, The New Reality of Aid, in Global Development 2.0: Can
Philanthropists, the Public, and the Poor Make Poverty History? 53, 67 (Lael
Brainard & Derek Chollet eds., 2007) (showing that the amount of private aid
from rich countries has sharply increased); Homi Kharas, Trends and Issues in
Development Aid 14 (Wolfensohn Cent. for Dev., Working Paper No. 1, 2007)
(citing statistics from the OECD estimating the amount of total development aid
from rich countries).





n9.  See Kharas, Trends and Issues in Development Aid, supra note 8, at 1
(citing statistics from the OECD).





n10.  See Interaction Viewpoint, U.S. International and Humanitarian
Organizations Should Have a Stronger Voice in Policymaking, Mar. 17, 2009,
http://www.interaction.org/document/interaction-viewpoint-us-inter
national-development-and-humanitarian-organizations-should-ha (claiming that
U.S. NGOs are significant and independent actors in international development).





n11.  Estimates suggest that there are 233 multilateral development agencies;
fifty-one bilateral donor countries (most with multiple official agencies);
several hundred international NGOs; and tens of thousands of national NGOs, not
including community-based organizations, which could number in the millions.
Kharas, The New Reality of Aid, supra note 8, at 71.





n12.  See, e.g., Axel Dreher et al., Acting Autonomously or Mimicking the State
and Peers: A Panel Tobit Analysis of Financial Dependence and Aid Allocation by
Swiss NGOs 20 (CESifo, Working Paper No. 2617, 2009), http://papers.ssrn
.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract id=1392138 (claiming that private donations
arguably respond more to visible success stories).





n13.  Personal conversation with Matt Flannery, KIVA Founder and CEO.





n14.  A minimum $ 10 contribution is required for GlobalGiving. See generally
GlobalGiving, Frequently Asked Questions, http://www.globalgiving.
org/cb/vfpserv/help.html#4.5 (last visited Apr. 12, 2010). For Kiva, the minimum
contribution is $ 25. See generally Kiva, Help Center, http://www.kiva.org/help
(last visited Apr. 12, 2010).





n15.  See generally Deborah Stone, The Samaritan's Dilemma: Should Government
Help your Neighbor? (2008) (discussing the question of the role of government in
caring for the poor).





n16.  See Robert K. Fleck & Christopher Kilby, Foreign Aid and Domestic
Politics: Voting in Congress and the Allocation of USAID Contracts Across
Congressional Districts, 67 S. Econ. J. 598, 612 (2001) (using empirical data to
show voting patterns and voter preferences); Helen Milner & Dustin Tingley,
Explaining the Internationalist Orientation in American Foreign Economic Policy:
Theories of Legislative Politics in Trade and Aid Policy 8-9 (2008),
http://www.princeton. edu/hmilner/working%20papers/Trading%20and%20Aiding
092408.pdf (discussing the differences between general support for foreign aid
and support among special interest groups).





n17.  See William Easterly, How to Assess Needs for Aid? The Answer: Don't Ask
21 (N.Y.U. Dev. Res. Inst., Working Paper No. 18, 2005), available at
http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract id=876982 (emphasizing that
individual preferences motivate searches for what works in development); David
Roodman & Scott Standley, Tax Policies to Promote Charitable Giving in DAC
Countries 3 (Ctr. for Global Dev., Working Paper No. 82, 2006), available at
http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract id=98402 (stressing that
individual preferences are rarely incorporated into governmental aid plans).





n18.  See, e.g., Rene Bekkers & Pamela Wiepking, Generosity and Philanthropy: A
Literature Review 27-28 (Neth. Org. for Sci. Res. Working Paper Series, 2007),
available at http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract id=1015507
(surveying the literature on crowding-out effects, which have a different impact
on different sectors receiving donations). Garrett and Rhine analyze time series
for 1965-2003 and reach the same conclusion. Thomas A. Garrett & Russell M.
Rhine, Government Growth and Private Contributions to Charity 6, 14-15 (Fed.
Res. Bank of St. Louis, Working Paper No. 2007-012, 2007), available at
http://research.stlouisfed.org/wp/2007/2007-012.pdf (concluding after reviewing
studies that crowding commonly results from government spending).





n19.  See James Andreoni & A. Abigail Payne, Do Government Grants to Private
Charities Crowd Out Giving or Fundraising? 93 Am. Econ. Rev. 792, 793 (2003)
(showing research that government grants have a demonstrable and measurable
crowding effect).





n20.  There is considerable evidence of "psychic" rewards to charitable giving.
Experiments show that giving charitable donations triggers brain activity in the
subgenual cortex/septal region, areas related to social attachment and bonding
in other species. They conclude that altruistic behavior may be hard-wired into
humans. Trust in other humans is a biologically based part of human nature, and
experiments show that the presence of oxytocin, a hormone that reduces social
anxiety and helps people meet and bond with each other, is also linked with a
greater degree of trust that good behavior will be reciprocated. The conclusion
is that people have an in-built desire and tendency to respond when they see
someone in need. Internet-based giving provides the connection with the needy.
These biological studies suggest there is no collective action problem when
individuals have the opportunity to help others directly. See Jorge Moll et al.,
Human Fronto-Mesolimbic Networks Guide Decisions About Charitable Donation, 103
Proc. of the Nat'l Acad. of Sci. of the U.S., 15623, 15626 (2006) (showing brain
scans that demonstrate differences in brain activity when making altruistic
decisions); Michael Kosfeld, Brain Trust, 5 Greater Good Mag. 18 (2008) (citing
results of a study which show increased trust from people with higher levels of
oxytocin in their brains).





n21.  Steven Lawrence et al., Found. Ctr., Foundation Growth and Giving
Estimates: Current Outlook 1 (2007), available at
http://foundationcenter.org/gainknowledge/research/pdf/fgge07.pdf (citing more
than 71,000 grantmaking foundations in the United States); Loren Renz & Jse
Atienza, Found. Ctr., International Grantmaking Update: A Snapshot of U.S.
Foundation Trends (2006), available at
http://www.cof.org/files/Documents/International Programs/
2006%20Publications/IntlUpdateOct 06.pdf (showing rises in the numbers of
organizations and dollars granted internationally by U.S. foundations).





n22.  See Robert O. Keohane & Joseph S. Nye, Introduction, in Governance in a
Globalizing World 29 (Joseph S. Nye & John Donohue eds., 2000) (claiming a
four-fold increase in the number of NGOs since the 1990s).





n23.  Clay Ramsay et al., World Public Opinion, American Public Opinion and
Global Health 6 (2009), available at http://www.worldpublic
opinion.org/pipa/pdf/may09/WPO IOM May09 rpt.pdf.





n24.  For example, Alm found deadweight losses on U.S. taxes could approach 9
percent. See James Alm, The Welfare Cost of the Underground Economy, 24 Econ.
Inquiry 243, 259 (1985) (citing conclusions from empirical data on deadweight
losses).





n25.  See generally OECD, Creditor Reporting System, supra note 4.





n26.  One World Bank study, based on surveys in Ghana, Tanzania, and Rwanda
concludes that, "approximately half of the overall amount allocated to clinics
and hospitals did not actually reach them." Magnus Lindelow et al., Measuring
Corruption in the Health Sector, in Transparency International, Global
Corruption Report 30 (2007). The GAO, in its April 11, 2008 Letter on The
Millennium Challenge Corporation: Analysis of Compact Development and Future
Obligations and Current Disbursement of Compact Assistance indicated that 27
percent of in-country disbursements between July 2005 and end-December 2007 were
for administrative, audit, fiscal, and procurement expenses. Additional
disbursements were made to cover MCC headquarters administrative, due diligence
and audit expenses, http://www.gao.gov/new. items/d08577r.pdf.





n27.  See Consultative Group to Assist the Poor, Making Sense of Microcredit
Interest Rates (CGAP Donor Brief No. 6, 2002), available at http://www.cgap.
org/gm/document-1.9.2434/DonorBrief 06.pdf.





n28.  Catrinus J. Jepma, OECD Dev. Ctr., The Tying of Aid 15 (1991) (aggregating
several empirical studies, but acknowledging variation among results).





n29.  See David Dollar & Victoria Levin, The Increasing Selectivity of Foreign
Aid, 1984-2003, 34 World Dev. 2034 (2006) (citing a World Bank Study asserting
that foreign aid would be more effective if given more selectively).





n30.  See Anne Boschini & Anders Olofsg<ring a>rd, Foreign Aid: An Instrument
for Fighting Communism?, 43 J. of Dev. Stud. 622, 641 (2007) (discussing the
Bush administration's approach to foreign aid, which stressed selectivity of
recipients).





n31.  Polity data is taken from Monty G. Marshall & Keith Jaggers, Polity IV
Project: Political Regime Characteristics and Transitions 1800-2007 40-45
(2008), http://www.systemicpeace.org/inscr/inscr.htm. Poverty data is taken from
World Bank, World Development Indicators,
http://ddp-ext.worldbank.org/ext/DDPQQ/member.do?method=getMembers&userid
=1&queryId=135.





n32.  Note that the number of recipient countries varies considerably across
development flows. Countries that receive annual ODA do not receive these
private forms of aid annually. These comparisons focus on a common set of twenty
countries that received all four types of flows between 2006 and 2008.





n33.  Note that these comparisons - between official aid, official microcredit,
GlobalGiving, and Kiva disbursements - are in a common group of twenty-nine
countries to avoid various selection biases due to GlobalGiving's or Kiva's
screening procedures (which may limit their ability to transact with NGOs or
MFIs in some countries) or, in Kiva's case, due to some countries' capital
controls that may restrict microcredit flows.





n34.  There is little evidence that GlobalGiving donors or Kiva lenders are more
inclined to fund projects in countries that receive lower amounts of official
aid, suggesting little evidence of a substitution effect between private aid and
ODA. Additional analyses of funding rates controlling for country-specific
factors do not find any significant effect of levels of ODA per capita. See Raj
Desai & Homi Kharas, Do Philanthropic Citizens Behave Like Governments? 17
(Wolfensohn Cent. for Dev., Working Paper 12, 2009) (reporting statistical data
on differences between private aid and ODA).





n35.  The graph shows monthly funding rates for projects with male and female
borrowers (if for group loans, than if greater than 50 percent of the group is
male or female) between April 2006 and December 2008.





n36.  Recent discussions have pointed out discrepancies between how Kiva has
been perceived by its users (as a platform to connect directly with
micro-entrepreneurs in developing countries) and how it works in practice (as a
mechanism that bundles interest-free loans to MFIs that then on-lend the funds
to entrepreneurs at interest), thus severing the connection between specific
lenders and borrowers. See David Roodman, Kiva is not what it Seems, Cent. for
Global Dev., Oct. 2, 2009, http://blogs.cgdev.org/open
book/2009/10/kiva-is-not-quite-what-it-seems.php (alleging that Kiva modestly
misleads users in order to raise additional funds for entrepreneurs); Stephanie
Strom, Confusion on Where Money Lent via Kiva Goes, N.Y. Times, Nov. 9, 2009, at
B6 (questioning the role of Kiva in extending microcredit to entrepreneurs in
the poorest countries).


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2013 Northwestern University School of Law
              Northwestern Journal of International Law & Business

                                  Spring, 2013

              Northwestern Journal of International Law & Business

                         33 NW. J. INT'L L. & BUS. 711

LENGTH: 16234 words

CONTENT: COMMENT: "Micro-Management": Constitutional and Policy Concerns Arising
from India's Microfinance Institutions (Development and Regulation) Bill

NAME: By Ashley Becker*

BIO: * J.D., 2013, Northwestern University School of Law; B.A., Psychology,
2006, Colgate University. I would like to thank the editors of this Comment for
all their hard work and thoughtful input. I would also like to thank Sunshine
Becker and Charles Reinert for their consistent support and encouragement.

HIGHLIGHT:

   Abstract: At the end of 2010, India possessed the largest, most concentrated
microfinance industry in the world. Initially, Indian microfinance operations
were funded primarily by the state or charitable donations, but the industry has
grown to be largely dominated by the private sector. As this shift occurred, the
industry became quite profitable, and in the wake of its success, faced a
significant amount of backlash. When borrowers in the State of Andhra Pradesh,
home to a substantial portion of the households utilizing microcredit in India,
complained of excessive rates and predatory collection practices, the State
responded by passing a regulation that severely restricted microlending
practices. This regulation sharply affected microfinance companies' profit
margins and growth rates, and effectively delegitimized the industry. Following
adoption of the regulation, historically high collection rates plummeted and
shares in microfinance companies fell to record lows. In July of 2011, India's
central government released a draft bill, entitled "Micro Finance Institutions
(Development and Regulation) Bill." The Bill provides a national regulatory
framework for India's microfinance companies. Furthermore, the Bill preempts
existing state regulations, such as the one in Andhra Pradesh. The State of
Andhra Pradesh is resisting the Bill, arguing, inter alia, that since India's
Constitution explicitly provides states with the power to regulate the
microfinance industry, it represents an unconstitutional usurpation of state
power by the federal government. This Comment argues that in the likely event
the Bill is passed, Indian courts will hold the adoption of the Bill
constitutional, since the federal government does, in fact, have the ability to
override relevant state legislation. Adoption of the Bill is likely to provide a
solution to the challenges faced by the microfinance industry. By providing
certainty, defining boundaries, and providing a government partner, the Bill
will both promote development with the currently stagnant microfinance industry
and allow it to regain some of the legitimacy it lost in the process of state
regulation.


 TEXT:
 [*712]

   I. INTRODUCTION

 At the end of 2010, India possessed the largest, most concentrated microfinance
n1 industry in the world. n2 Upon its inception in the country  [*713]  decades
prior, the industry was viewed as a favorable venture that provided a path out
of poverty for individuals who traditionally lacked access to banking and
related financial services. n3 While India has the world's fourth highest gross
domestic product (GDP) based on purchasing power parity n4 and the world's
fiftieth fastest-growing economy, n5 the country possesses historically high
poverty rates. n6 Today, almost 30% of the country's 1.2 billion citizens live
below the poverty line. n7 India's high poverty rates presented the ideal
opportunity for the implementation of microfinance; by offering small loans to
impoverished individuals wishing to engage in productive activities, the
industry provided hope to the country's poor.

   However, those engaged in microfinance lending did not have wholly altruistic
intentions. Microfinance can also be a very profitable business model. For
example, the largest microfinance company, SKS Microfinance Private Limited
(SKS), raised $ 347 million in an initial public offering (IPO) in 2010 n8 and
netted over 1.7 billion rupees (31 million U.S. dollars) in profits the same
year. n9

   Despite their initial successes, microlenders and investors may have
overlooked the political risk involved in the industry. India's poor possess
significant political capital in the form of their votes. When borrowers in the
State of Andhra Pradesh - home to more than one-third of the households that
utilize microcredit in India - complained of excessive rates and predatory
collection practices, the State responded by passing a regulation that severely
restricted microlending practices. n10 The regulation  [*714]  imposed caps on
interest rates, created obligatory registration and documentation requirements,
and substantially narrowed permissible collection practices. n11 In addition to
sharply affecting profit margins and growth rates of microlending companies, the
regulation effectively delegitimized the industry. As a result, historically
high collection rates plummeted and shares in microfinance companies fell to
record lows. n12 Indeed, since 2010 the industry's revenues in India have
dropped about 33%. n13

   In July of 2011, India's central government released a draft of a new
microfinance bill, entitled "Micro Finance Institutions (Development and
Regulation) Bill" (Bill), for comment. n14 On May 22, 2012, this Bill was
introduced to Parliament. n15 The Bill provides a national regulatory framework
for India's microfinance companies, delegating primary regulatory authority to
the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). n16 Furthermore, the Bill preempts existing
state regulations, such as the one in Andhra Pradesh. n17 The Bill's status is
currently pending, awaiting parliamentary approval. n18

    [*715]  While the reaction to the Bill among industry insiders has been
favorable as measured by the markets, n19 the effect it may have on the
microfinance industry is uncertain. Andhra Pradesh is resisting the Bill, and is
expected to argue that because India's constitution explicitly provides states
with the power to regulate the microfinance industry, it represents an
unconstitutional usurpation of state power by the federal government. n20 The
Bill's opponents further argue that the mandated association with the RBI is
dangerous, because it allows microlenders to continue their predatory practices
under the authority of their alignment with a national institution. n21

   This Comment argues that in the likely event the Bill is passed, Indian
courts will hold that the Bill is constitutional because the federal government
has the ability to override relevant state legislation. This decision would
likely provide a solution to the challenges faced by the microfinance industry,
supplying it with an opportunity for reinvention that is crucial to its future
success. This Comment argues that the Bill implements the mechanisms necessary
to manage n22 the unregulated microfinance industry's problems; by providing
certainty, defining boundaries, and providing a government partner, the Bill
will both promote development within the currently stagnant microfinance
industry and allow it to regain some of the legitimacy it lost in the process of
state regulation.

   Part II of this Comment provides a succinct overview of India's legal
infrastructure. It also provides contextual background for the discussion of the
Bill's impact by describing India's social landscape and how this landscape
promoted the evolution of microfinance. Part III examines the current status of
the microfinance industry in India, focusing on the recent state-promulgated
regulations adopted by Andhra Pradesh. Part IV discusses the proposed Bill and
its reception by various factions in India. Part V discusses the arguments
proffered by the Bill's opponents.  [*716]  Specifically, it examines whether
the Bill represents an unconstitutional usurpation of power, concluding that
Parliament will be able to effectively argue that the Bill is constitutional.
Part V also addresses the Bill's public policy implications and suggests that
the Bill promotes regulations that benefit both the microfinance industry and
its intended customers. Finally, Part VI offers some concluding thoughts about
the future of the microfinance industry in India.

   II. RELEVANT BACKGROUND INFORMATION

 India possesses one of the largest microfinance industries in the world. n23
Microfinance in India began in the 1980s. n24 By 2004, the industry's presence
in the country consisted of 188 million accounts, representing 18% of the
nation's total population. n25 In 2008, India experienced a 65% borrower growth
rate, n26 and by 2010, it possessed the largest and most concentrated
microfinance industry in the world. n27

   The public persona of India's microfinance industry has changed dramatically
over the past decade. Once lauded, the industry recently experienced a large
backlash that has spurred widespread regulatory efforts. This Part examines
India's legal framework, which serves as the forum for these regulatory efforts
as well as the basis for their controversy. This Part also provides the
necessary background for understanding the microfinance industry and the current
demand for the industry's reform by examining the establishment of microfinance
generally as well as its evolution in India.

   A. India's Legal Infrastructure

 In order to understand the regulation of India's microfinance industry, it is
essential to have some understanding of the country's legal infrastructure.
India is governed by a constitution, implemented in 1950, that guarantees equal
rights to all citizens and prohibits discrimination  [*717]  based on race,
ethnicity, gender, caste, or religion. n28 India's Constitution also contains
"directive principles of state policy," which "require the government to set
goals for the welfare of the people, such as a minimum wage, jobs for people
from disadvantaged backgrounds, and subsidized medical care." n29

   Based largely on the United Kingdom's system of government, India's
Constitution divides the federal government into three branches: executive,
legislative, and judicial. The executive branch consists of the President, Vice
President, and Prime Minister. n30 The bicameral legislative branch, n31 also
known as Parliament, or Sansad, is composed of an upper house (the Council of
States, or Rajya Sabha) and a lower house (the House of People, or Lok Sabha).
n32 The judiciary is composed of the Supreme Court, which is the ultimate
interpreter of the constitution and the laws of India, as well as High Courts at
the state level and a hierarchy of Subordinate Courts. n33

   Laws or amendments to India's Constitution are made by Parliament. n34 An
amendment bill must be passed by a two-thirds majority vote in both Houses of
Parliament. n35 Furthermore, certain amendments, which pertain to the federal
nature of the constitution, must be ratified by a majority of state
legislatures. n36 The constitution provides for judicial review by the Supreme
Court and High Courts, which extends to every governmental or executive action,
including all legislation. n37

   India uses a common law legal system based on the English model. n38 One
feature of the Indian Constitution that differentiates it from the U.S.
Constitution is that, while there are separate federal and state laws with
[*718]  predefined areas of application, India has a single integrated court
system that administers both federal and state laws. n39 The Supreme Court of
India is the highest court, under which there are High Courts, presiding over
one or a group of states. Below the High Courts are a hierarchy of Subordinate
Courts, state courts divided into Judicial Districts presided over by a District
and Sessions Judge, and lower courts divided into a Criminal and a Civil
Jurisdiction. n40

   The Supreme Court and the High Courts of India are the two "constitutional
courts" vested with the power to protect the fundamental rights of citizens and
interpret the constitution and other laws. n41 The Supreme Court, located in New
Delhi, is comprised of the Chief Justice of India and twenty-five other Judges
appointed by India's President. n42 Its exclusive original jurisdiction extends
to any dispute between the federal government and one or more states, or between
the states themselves. n43 There are twenty-one High Courts in India, each
having jurisdiction over at least one state. n44 While they work under the
guidance and supervision of the Supreme Court, "no direct administrative control
is exercised by the latter that may in any way affect the functioning of the
High Courts as independent judicial institutions." n45 Supreme Court decisions
are considered binding law, while High Court decisions are binding only in
respect to their state jurisdiction. n46

   It is under this framework that both state and federal regulation of the
microfinance industry, as well as potential rulings on the constitutionality of
these regulations, occurs.

   B. The Roots of Microfinance

 Microfinance in its modern form is a relatively new industry, not just in
India, but worldwide. Globally, needy individuals have traditionally lacked
access to the financial services provided by banks, regardless of the sum of
money involved. n47 One of the primary reasons for this is the significant
transaction costs associated with servicing client accounts. n48  [*719]
Another major reason is that the poor lack assets that can be used as collateral
to secure loans, providing banks with little recourse against defaulting
borrowers. n49 As a result of being denied access to credit services from formal
banking and lending institutions, impoverished individuals' access to credit was
limited to either traditional development programs - which were criticized for
failing to reach the world's neediest n50 - or to moneylenders n51 known for
their predatory lending practices. n52

   Modern microfinance developed as a solution to the poor's need for access to
credit. The industry materialized in the 1970's in response to the "widespread
perception that traditional development programs, funded by international
agencies such as the World Bank ... largely failed to reach the world's poorest
or to improve their life chances." n53 Furthermore, research shows that not only
were these programs failing to reach their intended recipients, they actually
undermined the developmental goals they were intended to carry out. n54
Microfinance was established to provide a mechanism for putting money "directly
into the hands of the poor" in a manner that would immediately impact their
economic prospects. n55

   Given its goal of providing credit solutions to an under-served population,
microfinance clearly started with an altruistic slant. In its initial phases,
microfinance involved a standard procedure. Money would be lent to the needy;
the principal amount would then be collected, with interest, and the proceeds
from the collected payment would be contributed to a pool of capital that would
be re-lent to other borrowers. n56 It was intended that borrowers would use the
loaned money to fund small entrepreneurial  [*720]  enterprises, which would
hopefully provide them with an ongoing source of income. n57 A microlender may,
for example, loan a borrower enough money to cover the cost of a goat. Upon
purchasing the goat, the borrower would be able to produce and sell the goat's
milk. The profits from these sales would allow the borrower to maintain a
constant income stream. Thus, rather than providing the borrower with temporary
relief from financial distress, the microloan was intended to provide the
borrower with an enduring source of financial support.

   In the initial phases of microfinance, government agencies were the primary
providers of "productive credit" to the needy. n58 These lending programs,
heavily subsidized by international donors, were criticized due to their large
loan losses and the lending organizations' frequent need to recapitalize, or put
new money into their business, in order to continue operations. n59 This led to
microfinance in its modern form, rooted primarily in the private sector, as a
market-based solution that quickly became viewed as "an integral part of the
financial system." n60

   Traditionally, microfinance programs possessed two features that drove their
success. First, impoverished people, particularly women, had excellent repayment
rates that were often better than the formal financial sectors of most
developing countries. n61 Second, "the poor were willing and able to pay
interest rates that allowed [microlenders] to cover their costs." n62 Thus,
microlenders were able to function sustainably while reaching a large number of
clients. Throughout the 1990s and into the 2000s, microfinance was viewed as a
tool of socioeconomic development, and was operated overwhelmingly as a
non-profit enterprise, concentrated in developing countries throughout South
Asia, Africa, and Latin America. n63

   Efforts to establish and implement microfinance were lauded worldwide. One of
the most exalted figures in microfinance is Muhammad Yunus, the founder of the
Grameen Bank of Bangladesh and one of the industry's pioneers. n64 The Grameen
Bank arose out of a study conducted by Yunus, then a professor at the Chittagong
University in Bangladesh, in which he interviewed impoverished residents of
villages surrounding the  [*721]  University in order to better understand their
experiences with poverty. n65 He concluded that the reason people were poor was
that they "lacked access to credit at reasonable interest rates and under
appropriate conditions." n66 Yunus attempted, unsuccessfully, to convince
traditional banks to lend small amounts of money to the needy. n67 The inability
of traditional banks to provide adequate financing led him to conclude that
"specialized financial institutions" were needed to provide these loans. n68
Such institutions would need to be willing to provide loans to the impoverished
individuals on terms and conditions that were appropriate for them. n69

   Yunus established the Grameen Bank using a model that was quite distinct from
the traditional banking model. Strict qualification criteria were established to
ensure a focus on the needy. n70 In order to provide incentives for repayment,
the bank implemented an innovative lending scheme in which borrowers were
required to form groups of five and "accept joint responsibility for repayment
of loans." n71 The ability to access future credit was conditioned upon
repayment of each group members' loan. n72 Another unique feature of the Grameen
Bank's model was that small loans were repaid in weekly installments over the
period of one year. n73 Furthermore, rather than require borrowers to travel to
the bank for service, Grameen Bank workers traveled to the borrowers' homes to
provide service. n74 This innovative framework distinguished the Grameen Bank
from its peers in its ability to address the specific needs of the poor.

   Under this model, the Bank began in 1976 as a research project that served
one local village and soon spread to neighboring villages. n75 In 1983, the
government of Bangladesh recognized the Grameen Bank as an independent bank. n76
The bank grew rapidly, expanding both in loan coverage and volume. n77 In 2006,
the organization and its founder were  [*722]  jointly awarded the Nobel Peace
Prize, placing the microfinance industry in the international spotlight. n78
Today, the Bank boasts that it is "owned by the poor whom it serves," with
borrowers owning 90% of its shares and the Bengali Government owning the
remaining 10%. n79

   While the Grameen Bank appears to have preserved its philanthropic roots by
maintaining a structure that functions primarily to serve the needy, not every
microfinance institution (MFI) n80 can say the same. Over time, the industry's
rapid growth has coincided with a shift from operations being funded primarily
by the state or charitable donations to being largely dominated by the private
sector. n81 With this has come a shift from non-profit to for-profit business
models. While this transformation has occurred worldwide, it is especially
salient in India. The repercussions of this shift in India are discussed in more
depth in the following subpart.

   C. Evolution of Microfinance in India

 As is the case in many other countries, microfinance in India was traditionally
operated under a non-profit model. The origins of microfinance in India can be
traced back to the early 1970s when the Self Employed Women's Association of the
State of Gujarat created an urban cooperative bank, with the objective of
offering banking services to impoverished women employed in rural parts of the
state. n82 The industry evolved in the 1980s around self-help groups (SHGs),
which are "informal bodies that would provide their clients with much-needed
savings and credit services." n83 India's microfinance sector grew rapidly,
evolving into a multi-billion dollar industry. n84

   Like other countries that have embraced the industry, the foundation of
India's microfinance industry rests on the failure of state-owned financial
institutions to extend credit to the poor as well as the disappointing
performance of government programs intended to alleviate poverty by  [*723]
providing those in need with resources for self-employment. n85 The industry
operates on the assumption that "the core of poverty lies in the realm of the
"economic' and credit (debt) is an effective tool that helps the poor tackle the
problem of deprivation, improve their welfare and social acceptance and
credibility." n86 In India, "the industry has grown under two different systems
of patronage." n87 The first system, linked to the National Bank for Agriculture
and Rural Development (NABARD), n88 has the patronage of the state as well as
formal banking institutions. n89 A parallel system is funded exclusively through
the private sector. n90 Due to the government's lack of involvement, the latter
system traditionally functioned outside of any formalized legal or regulatory
framework. n91

   Rapid development within India's microfinance industry brought significant
diversification. Today, Indian MFIs range from "Grameen-replicator
[non-government organizations (NGOs)] to for-profit entrepreneurial ventures to
developmental NGOs." n92 Private sector MFIs dominate the industry,
demonstrating a shift from the overwhelmingly government and charity-sponsored
MFIs that founded the industry in India. Recent data indicates that over one
thousand MFIs operate in India, n93 and "the top five private sector MFIs reach
more than 20 million clients in nearly every state in India." n94 One of the
reasons proffered for this shift is "private sector institutions are able to
attract increasingly large amounts of private capital," which "accelerates the
growth of the industry." n95  [*724]  Furthermore, India, with its immense
impoverished population and well-established microfinance tradition, offered a
captive market from which private sector MFIs could derive significant profits.

   The shift from public to private sector may be best exemplified by SKS
Microfinance Ltd., India's largest MFI by assets. n96 Founded in 1997, SKS began
its operations as an NGO known as SKS NGO or SKS Society. n97 After several
years of operating under this model, SKS's management, aware of the company's
vast capacity to produce revenue, found itself constrained by the non-profit
model. n98 In 2003, as a response to the growing demand for microfinance, SKS
Society created a private company called SKS Microfinance Private Limited. n99
SKS transitioned its lending operations to this corporate form and continued to
gain momentum, leveraging its equity to raise debt from the public and private
sector as well as multinational banks operating in India. n100 Among its
investors was Sequoia Capital, a venture capital firm in Silicon Valley that
participated in an $ 11.5 million private share offering by SKS in March 2007.
n101 In May 2009, SKS was converted into a public limited company, n102 and on
July 28, 2010, the company made its debut on the Bombay Stock Exchange. n103 The
IPO resulted in $ 350 million in sales and a 30% increase in SKS's stock  [*725]
price. n104 At the end of 2010, SKS's future appeared bright as it boasted more
borrowers than any other MFI in India. n105 Unfortunately, as Part III
illustrates, 2011 did not bode well for SKS.

   III. STATE REGULATION OF MICROFINANCE IN ANDHRA PRADESH

 In 2010, India's microfinance industry was a successful sector. Moreover,
Indian society embraced the microfinance industry, especially the needy whom the
industry claimed to benefit. The industry experienced rapid growth, and with
rapid growth came an increasingly watchful governmental gaze. This Part
discusses the backlash faced by the microfinance industry in the wake of its
success as well as the resulting state regulation.

   A. Backlash Against the Microfinance Industry

 From its initial phases through the height of its success, India's microfinance
industry was viewed as the "silver bullet to uplift the poor." n106 What appears
to be one of the most significant factors in its rapid growth and success is the
industry's ability to combine altruism with capitalism. While some say increased
capital is necessary to reach more borrowers, n107 others view for-profit MFIs,
and in particular, publicly traded MFIs, as offering the "chance of making money
out of poor people." n108

   Regardless of whether MFIs' intentions are purely altruistic, purely
capitalistic, or a combination of the two, it is clear that the industry's rapid
growth and increasing profits have drawn a significant amount of criticism.
Critics often point to SKS's IPO as the cause of increased scrutiny toward the
industry. S.P. Tusian, an investment adviser and analyst at Premium Investments
in Mumbai, stated: "The SKS IPO opened [up] Pandora's box. The IPO brought SKS
under the scanner and, along with it, the realization of the practices of other
microfinance institutions, too." n109 Extensive media  [*726]  coverage of the
IPO and the company's public filings revealed SKS's business practices for the
first time. Once these practices came to light, Indian citizens and government
officials were troubled by what they saw.

   One area of criticism targeted the interest rates that MFIs charged. While
not as high as the rates charged by moneylenders, MFIs' interest rates varied
between 25% and 100%. n110 These rates were much higher than those associated
with bank loans. n111 Commercial MFIs claimed that interest rates needed to be
this high in order to cover the costs of making thousands of microloans. n112
Unlike banks, MFIs do not collect deposits; working capital, therefore, comes
from the principal and interest collected from borrowers. n113 High interest
rates are likely instituted, at least partially, to maximize liquidity.

   The practice of lending is expensive, even for small loans, particularly when
considered in relation to the size of the transactions involved. n114 "A $ 100
dollar loan, for example, requires the same personnel and resources as a $ 2,000
one," notes one commentator, "thus increasing per unit transaction costs." n115
The high interest rates also likely account for the heightened risk associated
with lending to individuals who would be denied credit at formal banking
institutions.

   Critics, however, say the rates charged by MFIs are exorbitant and exploitive
of the poor who, with limited options, must resort to microloans regardless of
the associated interest rate, fueling a cycle of indebtedness. n116 One
borrower, addressing this cycle, stated: "I understand that it is credit, that
you have to pay interest, and your debt grows. But sometimes the problems we
have seem like they can only be solved by taking another loan. One problem
solved, another created." n117

   Moreover, the Indian microfinance industry was accused of employing predatory
collection practices. Borrowers complained of harassment by  [*727]  MFI agents.
n118 Reportedly, agents went as far as showing up at borrowers' doorsteps,
demanding loan repayment, and making threats to those who failed to repay. n119
In one instance, three agents showed up at a woman's doorstep, physically
restrained her, and made profanity-laced threats to her. n120

   Multiple lending is another problem stemming from the growth of the
microfinance industry. The industry's growth resulted in a large number of MFIs
competing with each other for borrowers. n121 This market saturation allowed
customers to take out loans from a large number of lenders that were desperate
for customers, before paying off existing loans. n122 As one commentator notes:
"Commercial lenders cut costs by poaching loan officers from their rivals and
targeting the same borrowers. This allowed them to collect a higher return on
equity as they [did not] have to invest in new communities, which normally
required training and preparation in how to use microfinance." n123 This
increased competition even led some MFIs to extend multiple loans to a single
borrower. n124

   The lending practices utilized by MFIs concerned experts, who feared that
borrowers were being encouraged to take on more debt than they could handle.
n125 The significant over-indebtedness in the Indian population that MFIs were
designed to serve led to increased pressure among borrowers that some say has
had catastrophic consequences. Indian press and government officials linked both
stress-related deaths and increased suicide rates among the needy to their
inability to repay microloans. n126 MFIs claimed that for the suicides they
investigated that were attributed to their lending, "microloans were among the
smallest of the many problems of the people that have killed themselves." n127
The string of suicides, nonetheless,  [*728]  spurned a rash of hostility toward
MFIs.

   With the microfinance industry facing an onslaught of negative publicity,
Indian citizens began to express concern that MFIs were allowing profit-seeking
business practices to overshadow altruistic intentions. While the poor suffered,
MFIs were accused of "unseemly enrichment by promoters and senior executives."
n128 Critics alleged "the surge in for-profit MFIs driven by equity investors
has skewered the industry away from its pro-poor roots." n129 In an attempt to
defend the microfinance industry, one MFI executive blamed "rogue" lenders for
the backlash, pleading, "do not destroy the entire industry because of the
actions of a few rogue players." n130 Clearly, however, the entire industry was
under scrutiny. Although it may have primarily stemmed from the actions of a few
money-driven "rogue players," the entire industry was shrouded in a cloak of
criticism. With this widespread criticism bringing the microfinance industry
into the government's purview, government intervention was imminent.

   B. Andhra Pradesh's Microfinance Regulation

 The criticism targeting the microfinance industry in 2010 was especially
noticeable in the State of Andhra Pradesh. Andhra Pradesh, situated on the
southeastern coast of India, experienced widespread microlending activity. In
2010, "more than a third of the 30 million households that [used] micro-credit
in India lived in Andhra Pradesh." n131 Of those who took microcredit, many
experienced the effects of over-indebtedness; the government estimated that
families who took out microloans in Andhra Pradesh had an average debt of $ 660
and an average annual income of $ 1060. n132

   India's poor have a large political vote. When politicians became aware of
the harms experienced by borrowers at the hands of MFIs, they saw an opportunity
to intervene in an industry many were already beginning to view with suspicion.
n133 Andhra Pradesh responded to the complaints by developing regulations that
severely restricted microlending practices. The State began curbing the interest
MFIs could collect. In the fall of 2010, "State regulators ... ordered a freeze
on loan repayments where the interest exceeds the principal." n134 Furthermore,
Andhra Pradesh politicians urged borrowers to stop making loan payments
altogether. n135 Full-blown  [*729]  regulation was cemented in December of 2010
when the Andhra Pradesh State Assembly approved the Andhra Pradesh Microfinance
Institutions (Regulation of Moneylending) Act, 2010 (Act). n136

   The Act contains many provisions that severely restrict MFIs' lending and
collection practices. First, the Act requires all MFIs operating in Andhra
Pradesh to register with the State. n137 Upon registration, MFIs must indicate:



   The villages or towns in which they have been operating or propose to
operate, the rate of interest being charged or proposed to be charged, system of
conducting due diligence and system of effecting recovery and list of persons
authorized for conducting the activity of lending or recovery of money which has
been lent. n138

 The Act also imposes restrictions on multiple loans. n139 Furthermore, the Act
caps interest rates and requires government approval of margins between
borrowing costs and interest rates. The Act prescribes that "no MFI shall
recover from the borrower towards interest in respect of any loans advanced by
it ... an amount in excess of the principal amount." n140 The Act also requires
that MFIs maintain detailed documentation and account records that can be
produced, inspected, or seized by Andhra Pradesh officials. n141 Finally, the
Act institutes severe penalties for coercive or predatory collection practices.
n142

   The Act was a catastrophic blow to the microfinance industry. The limitations
on interest rates and state-backed lack of repayments cut off a major source of
liquidity for struggling MFIs. n143 The collection rates of most Andhra
Pradesh-based MFIs fell from 99% before the issuance of the Act to around 20%
following the promulgation of the Act. n144 Worsening matters for MFIs, banks
and other investors "turned off the credit tap that allows microfinance lenders
to operate" in the months following the Act's adoption because of concern over
repayment and profitability under the new  [*730]  regulation. n145 Bhartiya
Samruddhi Finance Ltd., India's oldest MFI, had almost half its loan portfolio
in Andhra Pradesh at the time of the Act's passage. n146 It reported a net loss
of 5.8 billion rupees (over 106 million U.S. dollars) for 2011-12. n147

   In addition to its crippling financial impact, the Act had a delegitimizing
effect on the microfinance industry. n148 State-sponsored resistance to loan
repayment diminished the authority of MFIs, and officials say there has been a
cascading effect on the repayment habits of borrowers in other states. n149
Furthermore, the Act drew not just nationwide, but worldwide attention to the
overly aggressive and profit-driven practices of some microlenders. n150 The
attention garnered by the Act focused on the negative aspects of the industry
without differentiating between the for-profit MFIs engaged in predatory
practices and legitimate MFIs. n151 In fact, there was little differentiation
between for-profit and not-for-profit MFIs, causing even the most philanthropic
organizations' reputations to suffer. n152 The executive director of a large
network of non-profit MFIs stated: "It's not only the bad boys that will get
hit. Everyone will get hit. People can't differentiate between who are the good
boys and who are the bad boys." n153 Based on the widespread consequences of the
Act, it appeared that India's future would become one absent of microlenders, a
disturbing reality for those who viewed microloans as a means of empowerment.

   The entire country watched as the microfinance business was criticized,
regulated, and ground to a halt in Andhra Pradesh. Given the extensive media
coverage the microfinance industry was generating, the Indian government felt
compelled to address the industry's federal  [*731]  regulatory framework.

   IV. FEDERAL REGULATION: MICROFINANCE INSTITUTIONS (DEVELOPMENT AND
REGULATION) BILL

 In the wake of the events in Andhra Pradesh, India's federal government
determined that a national level response was in order. Consequently, the
Ministry of Finance proposed the Microfinance Institutions (Development and
Regulation) Bill (Bill), which was released for comment in July of 2011. n154
The Bill was introduced to Parliament on May 22, 2012 and is currently awaiting
parliamentary approval. n155

   Recognizing that MFIs have the potential to play an important role in an
inclusive financial system, the Bill seeks "to create uniform policies for
regulation and development of the [microfinance] sector," rather than restrict
the microfinance industry to the point of futility. n156 "The MFI sector has a
lot of potential," stated Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation (HSBC)
India Chief Naina Lal Kidwai, "but it needs to have a defined set of rules to
function in a proper way." n157 The Bill defines the industry's boundaries and
provides a much-needed element of certainty. The Bill requires existing
microlenders to register with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), n158 which will
assume a supervisory role with the power to dictate the margins MFIs are allowed
to have between their own borrowing costs and the fees and interest rates MFIs
charge. n159 Other factors included in RBI's regulatory scope include
permissible loan amounts, methods of  [*732]  recovery, and location of
operations. n160 MFIs' compliance with these directives "will determine their
future scope of services, ability to mobilize various types of finance and to be
part of the mainstream financial system." n161 RBI will also be empowered to
delegate responsibility to the National Bank for Agricultural and Rural
Development (NABARD) when it deems such a delegation suitable. n162
Additionally, RBI has the power to impose monetary penalties for any
contravention of the Bill's provisions. n163

   Notably, the Bill mandates that "the provisions of this Act shall have
effect, notwithstanding anything inconsistent therewith contained in any other
law for the time being in force or any instrument having effect by virtue of any
such law." n164 This clause of the Bill, entitled "Act to have overriding
effect," clearly indicates that the Bill's drafters intended the Bill to
override conflicting state laws, such as the one in Andhra Pradesh. n165
Furthermore, the Bill explicitly clarifies that MFIs do not include "any
individual carrying on the activity of money-lending and registered as a
moneylender under the provision of any State law," providing additional
assurance that MFIs cannot be regulated by states. n166

   MFIs have responded favorably to the Bill. n167 Companies expect that the
Bill will allow them to expand their businesses n168 and collect outstanding
loans. n169 Many industry insiders believe it will lend credibility to the
industry by bringing MFIs into the realm of organized financial services. n170
Furthermore, assuming that the Bill will override any state regulation of the
industry, such as the Act in Andhra Pradesh, MFIs will have the opportunity to
avoid the state-imposed restrictions, which are substantially more severe. The
market appears to support the industry's positive outlook on the Bill. On the
day following the Bill's public release,  [*733]  SKS posted a 20% gain in
trading on the Bombay Stock Exchange, closing at 411 rupees after opening at
333.50 rupees. n171 However, the Bill's reception has not been entirely
positive, as evidenced by Andhra Pradesh's strong objections to the Bill. These
objections have the potential to interfere with the Bill's adoption.

   V. ISSUES POSED BY THE BILL

 India's proposed microfinance bill has had a polarizing effect on the country.
While many analysts believe the Bill will succeed in providing significant
solutions to the challenges faced by both the microfinance industry and the
individuals whom it serves, others, including the State of Andhra Pradesh,
staunchly oppose the Bill. The arguments proffered by the Bill's opponents fall
into two veins of logic. The first has a constitutional basis. Opponents argue
that India's Constitution explicitly vests states with the power to regulate the
microfinance industry, and thus the Bill's attempt to control something solely
within the state's purview amounts to an unconstitutional usurpation of power.
n172 The second argument rests on the Bill's policy implications. Opponents
assert that, by aligning MFIs with RBI, the Bill allows microlenders to continue
their predatory practices under the authority of their alliance with a national
institution. n173 The following subparts explore these two arguments, concluding
that neither offers a sufficient reason for rejecting the Bill's adoption.

   A. Constitutional Issue: Division of Legislative Power

 While Parliament is confident the Bill supersedes state laws, Andhra Pradesh
asserts that the federal government is attempting to control something that
falls solely within the state's purview, amounting to an unconstitutional
usurpation of power. n174 This argument rests on the division of legislative
power between state legislatures and Parliament.

   India's Constitution defines and divides state and federal legislative powers
into three lists: (1) the Union List, which defines the items Parliament has
exclusive power to legislate; (2) the State List, which defines the items states
have exclusive power to legislate; and (3) the Concurrent List, which defines
the items both Parliament and the states have the power to regulate. n175
India's Constitution includes a doctrine to address conflicts that arise between
laws passed on the same subject by the  [*734]  two legislatures. n176 This
doctrine, however, only applies when the subject matter of the legislation is on
the Concurrent List:



   Where the subject-matter of the legislation in question falls within either
the Union List or the State list only, then ... one of the two laws must
necessarily be void, because ... the Indian constitution confers exclusive
jurisdiction upon Parliament for matters in the Union List and upon a State
Legislature for matters in the State List. n177

 The constitutionality of the Bill rests, then, on which list encompasses
microfinance.

   There is no reference to "microfinance" on the Union List, State List, or
Concurrent List. n178 Item thirty on the state list, however, is "money-lending
and money-lenders; relief of agricultural indebtedness." n179 Andhra Pradesh
claims state governments are authorized to pass a law such as the Andhra Pradesh
Microfinance Institutions Act because microfinance institutions "come under the
purview of money-lending activity, and hence, the state law." n180 Thus, Andhra
Pradesh argues, it is clearly within its power to create and enforce its own
laws regulating MFIs. n181 Based on this logic, whether the Bill overrides state
legislation rests on whether microfinance qualifies as "money-lending."

   Moneylenders have a tradition in India dating back thousands of years.
Historically, their sole financial service was to provide loans from their own
resources. n182 They are known for charging high interest rates for the small
loans they issue to the needy, as well as using strong-arm tactics to ensure
collection. n183 Moneylenders, referred to as "village loan sharks," n184 are
typically individuals who lend in the community they reside, operating  [*735]
vastly unregulated. n185

   While some rogue MFIs may seem to be properly characterized as moneylenders,
there are significant differences between MFIs and moneylenders. Despite the
recent emphasis on profits within the industry, many MFIs still possess
altruistic intentions and are not driven solely by financial gain. Unlike
informal moneylenders, these MFIs are registered, formal institutions that aim
to lend and manage funds used mainly for productive activities, engage in a
range of financial activities, and typically operate as a business collective
rather than through individual agents. n186 Furthermore, upon adoption of the
Bill, microfinance will be a highly regulated industry that operates as an
extension of the RBI, distinguishing it even further from usurious moneylenders.
MFIs that attempt to carry out practices typically associated with moneylenders
will be estopped by the new law.

   In the event the draft Bill becomes law, the definitional distinctions
between MFIs and moneylenders will likely be insufficient to resolve the
conflict; Andhra Pradesh has already threatened to bring the issue before the
Supreme Court. n187 If the Bill does reach judicial review, it is likely that
Parliament will be able to successfully assert the power to regulate the
microfinance industry, thus usurping state regulations. The Bill's drafters
appeared to anticipate Andhra Pradesh's argument. As previously discussed, the
Bill contains language that makes it clear microfinance institutions should be
distinguished from moneylenders. n188 Indeed, "the most critical part of the
Bill is that MFIs registered with the Indian central bank won't be treated as
moneylenders. This essentially means they will be kept out of the purview of a
state law, which has restricted the operations of microlenders." n189 This
distinction, however, is not one contrived by Parliament solely for the purpose
of usurping the Andhra Pradesh's Act; the microfinance industry has historically
been viewed as distinct from moneylenders, making it more difficult for states
to argue they have sole legislative authority over its regulation. n190

    [*736]  As an alternative to the characterization of moneylenders, the
federal government may be able to successfully argue that microfinance, the
subject-matter of the Bill, should be classified as "banking" or even "the
Reserve Bank of India," both of which are items included on the Union List. n191
The Bill establishes a prominent partnership between MFIs and the RBI. This link
with a banking partner, as well as the formalized requirements the Bill imposes
upon MFIs, could bring them into the realm of a banking institution.
Furthermore, the constitution provides that "Parliament has exclusive power to
make any law with respect to any matter not enumerated in the Concurrent List or
State List." n192 If the federal government can successfully argue that MFIs are
neither moneylenders nor banks, but instead a non-enumerated power, then they
also have the ability regulate them, overriding any conflicting state
regulation.

   While Indian courts have issued varying opinions regarding the scope of
moneylending, n193 recent jurisprudence suggests courts will find that MFIs fall
within Parliament's authority. In a February 2013 opinion upholding the Andhra
Pradesh Microfinance Institutions (Regulation of Money Lending) Act, 2010, the
High Court of Andhra Pradesh acknowledged the federal government's ability to
govern MFIs. n194 The possibility that a court could determine the definition of
moneylenders properly includes MFIs is thus unlikely.

   However, even if the Supreme Court believes that microfinance does classify
as moneylending, the federal government may still be able to prevail by
asserting Parliament's power to legislate with respect to a matter that is of
"national interest." The constitution gives Parliament the power to legislate on
matters enumerated in the State List if they are "necessary or expedient in the
national interest." n195 The negative impacts of an unregulated microfinance
industry were felt throughout India, drawing  [*737]  national concern and
bolstering support for federal regulation. India clearly has an interest in
protecting the poor, a constituency large enough in India for their interests to
qualify as national interest. It is this group of impoverished individuals that
is most susceptible to exploitation by MFIs. This, taken in combination with the
historic distinction between moneylenders and MFIs, the regulation's partnering
of MFIs with RBI, and Parliament's residuary power, gives the government
numerous courses to ensure the Bill will preempt Andhra Pradesh's and other
state regulations. It will be very difficult for Andhra Pradesh to defend its
law in the face of these arguments.

   B. Policy Issue: Government Involvement in Private Business

 The Bill's critics, including the State of Andhra Pradesh, have also voiced
concern that the Bill prescribes an inappropriate level of government
involvement in private business. Opponents argue that intertwining the business
of the microfinance institutions with that of the banks could be dangerous. n196
They argue:



   If the MFIs become the "extended arms of banks', banks will have no reason to
push the financial inclusion agenda of the RBI forward. As a result, the
unserviced, undeveloped rural areas will be ceded by the banks to these
financing companies leaving them at the mercy of the MFIs and their agents. n197


 Furthermore, critics argue:



   [If] the intention is to equate the MFIs with the banking network, the
correct course would be to mandate them to convert into banks and operate under
the banking regulation. By giving them a status of a bank by a back door, the
[Bill] allows giving them privileges enjoyed by a bank without the concomitant
obligations. n198

 If the Bill is implemented according to its drafters' intentions, however,
aligning the industry with the RBI will necessitate closer regulation of the
industry, which, in turn will lead to a greater level of oversight, higher
levels of detection, and more deterrence of the previously unrestrained lending
practices the public criticizes. In addition, the possibilities that MFIs will
have their registration revoked or receive a hefty monetary penalty by the RBI
in the instance of such conduct serve as deterrents that add additional
consumer-protection elements to the RBI-MFI  [*738]  partnership. The likelihood
for predatory collection practices and exorbitant rates (which are explicitly
restricted by the Bill) will significantly diminish as a result of the
alignment.

   Critics argue that the provision in the Bill that gives the RBI authority to
delegate power to NABARD undermines the regulatory authority the RBI exercises
over the microfinance industry. These critics reason, as the primary service
provider to SHGs in the microfinance industry, NABARD is currently "a key
participant in this sector ... It is widely recognized that combining the role
of service provider and regulator is not a good governance practice, as it could
lead to serious conflict of interest." n199 However, the authorized delegation
of authority to NABARD is permissive, not mandatory, and given RBI's supervisory
role, it is likely that any authority delegated is carefully considered in order
to assess potential conflicts of interest that could weaken the regulatory
system. n200 Given the experience NABARD has in the microfinance sector, it may
be more capable of identifying weaknesses and points of improvement in the
regulatory system, providing the potential to actually strengthen the regulatory
framework.

   Without the proposed Bill, impoverished individuals will be left worse off
than they are at present. The unregulated microfinance industry's profits have
plummeted over the past year as a result of losing important investors and the
large state-backed lack of repayment. n201 This rapid loss of capital prevents
MFIs from extending loans to those in need. n202 Despite the recent controversy,
many impoverished individuals rely on MFIs as their only access to the capital
that formal banking institutions are unwilling to extend. Foreclosing this
option could have detrimental implications for the poor.

   Rather than leave the needy worse off, the partnership between the RBI and
the microfinance industry has the potential to tailor the industry in ways that
will better service impoverished individuals. RBI's credibility, as well as its
authority, may encourage customers to recommence payments on their loans,
curbing the liquidity issues caused by widespread lack of repayment, and
allowing them to continue advancing small loans. Furthermore, investors, worried
about their exposure to the declining microfinance industry, may view the
partnership as the security they need to continue funding the MFIs. n203 The
partnership prescribed by the Bill is  [*739]  also likely to repair the
industry's tarnished reputation. The Bill defines and adds certainty to the
industry's boundaries, bringing it into the realm of organized financial
services. Perhaps this new image can diminish its reputation as a wayward,
unregulated industry that preys on the poor.

   Additionally, the Bill will cap profits that the industry can make from
excessive interest rates and fees, forcing it to refocus its values. This shift
provides room for the industry to embrace the altruistic slant for which it is
traditionally known. Some may worry that the Bill will squelch the microfinance
industry's ability to make any money, effectively fending off investors and
eliminating a much-needed service to the poor. This view, however, assumes
overly restrictive government mandates that eliminate the possibility for
profit, which is not the case. While the Bill does give the RBI the authority to
cap profit margins, n204 it appears to preserve the potential for profit. If one
looks to the market for guidance, it appears that investors have an optimistic
view of the Bill; the Bombay Stock Exchange reflected a 20% gain in trading for
SKS following the announcement of the proposed Bill, suggesting the market is
hopeful about the Bill's impact on the industry. n205 It seems there is an
overwhelming possibility that the Bill will provide microfinance institutions
with the resources they need not only to survive, but to provide a truly
beneficial service to the needy as well.

   VI. CONCLUSION

 India's microfinance industry today is at a crossroads: it can continue to lose
money and be viewed in a negative light, or it can reinvent itself through its
realignment with the RBI. Despite the criticism drawn by the industry in recent
years, microfinance fulfills a social need. The industry offers a unique,
frequently utilized service to the poor. n206 Lacking regulation, however, the
microfinance industry has expanded without bounds, and has done so using tactics
that have significantly harmed its borrowers. This conduct has left the industry
with a tarnished reputation.

   India's proposed Bill has the potential to further the positive aspects of
microfinance that allow it to be a social utility while minimizing or
eliminating the aspects that cause strife. The Bill provides certainty regarding
the industry's capabilities and limitations, defining permissible practices and
establishing penalties for unconscionable conduct. It provides a government
partner that will bring the legitimacy and security that investors require.
Perhaps most importantly, the Bill limits excessive, purely profit-driven
behavior, refocusing the industry's function on the altruistic foundation it was
built on.

    [*740]  Andhra Pradesh's draconian regulation offers no compromise; it
threatens to regulate the microfinance industry to the point of futility, thus
limiting the poor's access to capital. While the State hopes to assert its law,
and is willing to challenge the constitutionality of the Bill in the Supreme
Court, it is likely that the Bill will be found to be constitutional on a
variety of grounds. Although moneylending falls within the exclusive legislative
power of the state, the Bill explicitly distinguishes microfinance from
moneylending, leaving open the prospect of federal regulation. Furthermore, it
is possible that microfinance could be classified as either "banking" or "the
Reserve Bank of India," both of which explicitly fall under the federal
government's legislative purview. Alternatively, microfinance may be deemed a
non-enumerated power, in which case it would also fall under the federal
government's exclusive legislative authority. Even in the unlikely event the
Supreme Court determines that microfinance does qualify as moneylending, the
federal government could still prevail by asserting that microfinance is a
matter of "national interest" within their legislative authority. Thus, the Bill
will likely survive a constitutional challenge, allowing the microfinance
industry to survive by avoiding overly restrictive regulations from states like
Andhra Pradesh.

   Despite recent controversy, altruistic possibilities still exist for India's
microfinance industry. MFIs maintain the potential to provide the poor with a
vital resource - the capital they are denied by traditional banking
institutions. With the right regulation, the industry can add significant value
to Indian society by providing a service to, rather than imposing a burden upon,
the needy.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil ProcedureJurisdictionSubject Matter JurisdictionGeneral
OverviewGovernmentsNative AmericansAuthority & JurisdictionGovernmentsState &
Territorial GovernmentsLegislatures

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  The term microfinance generally "refers to the provision of financial
services to low-income clients, including the self-employed." Joanna Ledgerwood,
Microfinance Handbook: An Institutional and Financial Perspective 1 (1999). This
broad definition encompasses an expansive range of services, including
microcredit, which involves the extension of very small loans to impoverished
individuals in order to spur entrepreneurial efforts.Microcredit,
Investopedia.com,
http://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/microcredit.asp#axzz1dXLmIRKv (last visited
Nov. 1, 2010). In India, however, microfinance is defined by the Task Force on
Microfinance as the "provision of thrift, credit and other financial services
and products of very small amounts to the poor in rural, semi-urban or urban
areas for enabling them to raise their income levels and improve living
standards." Anil K. Khandelwal, Microfinance Development Strategy for India,
Econ. & Pol. Wkly 1127 (2007). This Comment adopts India's more narrow
definition of microfinance to refer solely to this type of small-scale lending.
Scholarly texts, industry reports, and the Indian government use the terms
"microcredit" and "microfinance" interchangeably. In the interest of
consistency, this Comment will use the term "microfinance."





n2.  Carlos Ani, India is the World's Largest Microfinance Industry: M-CRIL,
Phildevfinance,
http://phildevfinance.blogspot.com/2010/11/india-is-worlds-largest-microfinance.
html (last visited Nov. 10, 2011) [hereinafter M-CRIL] ("India now has the
largest microfinance industry in the world with the phenomenal growth of 62% per
annum in terms of numbers of unique clients and 88% per annum in terms of
portfolio over the past five years and around 27 million borrower accounts.");
see also Rajeshwari Adappa Thakur, Macro Potential for Microfinance Industry,
India Brand Equity Foundation Report 23 (2008), available at
http://www.ibef.org/download/finance_260908.pdf.





n3.  See Thakur, supra note 2, at 23 ("Increasingly, microfinance is perceived
as an effective channel for ensuring financial inclusion of the low income
population and those in the informal sector.").





n4.  The World Factbook: India, Cent. Intelligence Agency,
https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/in.html (last
updated Feb. 19, 2013) [hereinafter World Factbook].





n5.  India had GDP real growth rates of 10.6% in 2010 and 7.2% in 2011. Id.





n6.  Aasha Kapur Mehta & Amita Shah, Chronic Poverty in India: Overview Study
8-9 (Chronic Poverty Research Ctr., Working Paper No. 7, 2001),
http://www.sa-dhan.co.in/Adls/Microfinance/PerspectivePoverty/ChronicpovertyinIn
dia.pdf.





n7.  World Factbook, supra note 4.





n8.  Satish Sarangarajan & John Satish Kumar, SKS Microfinance IPO Attracts
Strong Demand, Wall St. J., Aug. 2, 2010, at C2, available at
http://online.wsj.com/article/NA_WSJ_PUB:SB1000142405274870427180457540522335606
3904.html.





n9.  SKS Microfinance, Annual Report: 2010-2011, at 9 (2011), available at
http://www.sksindia.com/downloads/sks_annual_report_2010_11.pdf. SKS
Microfinance reported profits after taxes of 1,739,500,000 rupees (32,341,653.75
U.S. dollars) in FY 2010. Id.





n10.  Harsh Joshi, India's Big Problem with Microfinance, Wall St. J., May 10,
2011, at C22.





n11.  See Andhra Pradesh Microfinance Institutions (Regulation of Moneylending)
Act, 2010 Andhra Pradesh Gen. Assemb. (2010) (India).





n12.  Joshi, supra note 10. For a detailed quantitative illustration of the
recent drop in performance measures among India's MFIs, see M-CRIL India Indices
of Microfinance 2011, Micro-Credit Ratings Int'l Ltd. (Aug. 19, 2011),
http://www.m-cril.com/BackEnd/ModulesFiles/Publication/CRILEX-India-2011_revised
.pdf ("Growth in 2010-11 was just 7.5% for borrowers and 7.2% for portfolio,
greatly reduced from the 43% and 76% growth respectively in the previous year
after adjusting for multiple lending.").





n13.  Interview by India Knowledge@Wharton with Vijay Mahajan, President,
Microfinance Institutions Network of India (July 26, 2012) (transcript available
at http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/india/article.cfm?articleid=4696)
[hereinafter Interview with Vijay Mahajan].





n14.  The Micro Finance Institutions (Development and Regulation) Bill, 2011,
Acts of Parliament, 2011 (India); Government likely to Introduce Micro-Finance
Bill in Budget Session, Econ. Times (Jan. 26, 2012, 2:46 PM),
http://articles.economictimes.indiatimes.com/2012-01-26/news/30666819_1_finance-
institution-national-housing-bank [hereinafter Budget Session].





n15.  Vishnu Padmanabhan, The Micro Finance Institutions (Development and
Regulation) Bill, 2012, PRS Legislative Research (May 25, 2012),
http://www.prsindia.org/billtrack/the-micro-finance-institutions-development-and
-regulation-bill-2012-2348/; see also The Micro Finance Institutions
(Development and Regulation) Bill, 2012, No. 62, Acts of Parliment, 2012 (India)
(as introduced in Lok Sabha) [hereinafter Micro Finance Bill].





n16.  Micro Finance Bill, supra note 15.





n17.  Id.





n18.  The Micro Finance Institutions (Development and Regulation) Bill, 2012,
PRS Legis. Res. Bill Track,
http://www.prsindia.org/billtrack/the-micro-finance-institutions-development-and
-regulation-bill-2012-2348/ (last visited Jan. 27, 2013) [hereinafter Bill
Track].





n19.  See Tripti Lahiri, Markets Cheer Microfinance Draft Law, Wall St. J. (July
7, 2011, 5:12 PM),
http://blogs.wsj.com/indiarealtime/2011/07/07/markets-cheer-microfinance-draft-l
aw/.





n20.  Vineet Rai, India's Microfinance Bill Offers a Mixed Bag to Investors,
Consultative Group Assist Poor (Aug. 4, 2011),
http://www.cgap.org/blog/india-microfinance-bill-offers-mixed-bag-investors; V.
Umakanth, The New Microfinance Institutions Bill, Indian Corp. L. (July 15,
2011, 3:02 PM),
http://indiacorplaw.blogspot.com/2011/07/new-microfinance-institutions-bill.html
.





n21.  KV Ramana, Andhra Pradesh Lambasts Microfinance Bill, Wants Full Rethink,
Daily News & Analysis (July 9, 2011, 8:00 PM),
http://www.dnaindia.com/money/report_andhra-pradesh-lambasts-microfinance-bill-w
ants-full-rethink_1563902.





n22.  The topic of microfinance has been aptly described as a case of
"micro-management" by one Indian news outlet. See Micro-Mismatch, Indian Express
(July 8, 2011, 3:56, AM),
http://www.indianexpress.com/news/micromismatch/814369/. The title of this
Comment is a play on words referencing this description.





n23.  Sanjay Sinha & Shweta S. Banerjee, India's Microfinance Industry: An
Anatomy of Risk for April 2012, Consultative Group Assist Poor (May 6, 2012),
http://www.cgap.org/blog/india%E2%80%99s-microfinance-industry-anatomy-risk-apri
l-2012.





n24.  M.S. Sriram & Rajesh S. Upadhyayula, The Transformation of the
Microfinance Sector in India: Experiences, Options, and Future, 6 J. of
Microfinance, 2004, at 89, available at
http://www.iimahd.ernet.in/&#x7Emssriram/jmf.pdf.





n25.  Robert Peck Christen, Richard Rosenberg, & Veena Jayadeva, Financial
Institutions with a "Double-Bottom Line": Implications for the Future of
Microfinance, Occasional Paper (Consultative Grp. to Assist the Poor, D.C.),
July 2004, available at http://www.cgap.org/gm/document-1.9.2701/OP8.pdf.





n26.  Microfinance Information Exchange, The Microbanking Bulletin No. 19, 5
(Sept. 2009), available at
http://www.cerise-microfinance.org/IMG/pdf/MBB_19_-_December_2009.pdf.





n27.  See M-CRIL, supra note 2.





n28.  India Const. art. 14-15; Navoneel Dayanan, Cornell L. School Asian Am. L.
Students' Ass'n & LLM Ass'n, Overview of Legal Systems in the Asia-Pacific
Region (Apr. 10, 2004) (unpublished manuscript),
http://scholarship.law.cornell.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1001&context=lps_
lsapr.





n29.  Dayanan, supra note 28.





n30.  World Factbook, supra note 4.





n31.  However, the legislative bodies for many Indian states, such as Andhra
Pradesh, are unicameral. Origin and Growth, AP Online,
http://www.aponline.gov.in/quick%20links/legislature/legislature.html (last
visited Nov. 19, 2011).





n32.  World Factbook, supra note 4.





n33.  Indian Judiciary, Maps India (Jan. 25, 2011),
http://www.mapsofindia.com/events/republic-day/india-judiciary.html.





n34.  Gurram Ramachandra Rao, India: Judicial Review in India, Mondaq (Apr. 10,
2003), http://www.mondaq.com/article.asp?articleid=20649.





n35.  Constitution Amendment Bills, Parliamentary Procedure: Lok Sabha,
http://164.100.47.132/LssNew/abstract/constitution_amendment_bills.htm (last
visited May 22, 2013).





n36.  Id.





n37.  Rao, supra note 34.





n38.  Dayanan, supra note 28.





n39.  Id.





n40.  Id.





n41.  Id.





n42.  Id.





n43.  Id.





n44.  Dayanan, supra note 28.





n45.  Id.





n46.  Id.





n47.  About Microfinance, Kiva, http://www.kiva.org/about/microfinance (last
visited Feb. 5, 2012).





n48.  John O. Ogbor, Entrepreneurship in Sub-Saharan Africa: A Strategic
Management Perspective 160 (2009).





n49.  Id.; see also Hernando de Soto, The Other Path: The Invisible Revolution
in the Third World 162 (1989) (discussing the limited scope of the poor's
assets).





n50.  Kenneth Anderson, Microcredit: Fulfilling or Belying the Universalist
Morality of Globalizing Markets?, 5 Yale Hum. Rts. & Dev. L.J. 85, 92 (2002).





n51.  A moneylender is defined as "a person whose main or subsidiary occupation
is the business of advancing and realising loans." Reserve Bank of India, Report
of the Technical Group Set up to Review Legislations on Money Lending § 4.5
(2007), available at
http://rbi.org.in/scripts/PublicationReportDetails.aspx?UrlPage=&ID=513.
Typically for an unincorporated individual, or small group of individuals, a
moneylender uses their own funds to offer consumer credit and agricultural loans
in the form of cash to members of a limited geographic region, often restricting
their activity to the town where they reside. Id. § 3.3. While various news
articles and academic works alternate between the spellings "money-lender" and
"moneylender," this Comment uses the term "moneylender" for the sake of
consistency.





n52.  M. P. Vasimalai & K. Narender, Microfinance for Poverty Reduction: The
Kalanjiam Way, 42 Econ. & Pol. Wkly. 1190, 1193 (Mar. 31, 2007).





n53.  Anderson, supra note 50.





n54.  See, Dale W. Adams, Douglas H. Graham & J. D. Von Pischke, Undermining
Rural Development with Cheap Credit (1984).





n55.  Anderson, supra note 50.





n56.  Id. at 91.





n57.  Id.





n58.  Ledgerwood, supra note 1, at 2.





n59.  Id.





n60.  Id.





n61.  The History of Microfinance, Global Envision (Apr. 14, 2006),
http://globalenvision.org/library/4/1051/.





n62.  Id.





n63.  Id.





n64.  Anne Perkins, A Short History of Microfinance, Guardian (June 3, 2008,
7:20 AM),
http://www.guardian.co.uk/katine/2008/jun/03/livelihoods.projectgoals1.





n65.  Alexandra Bernasek, Banking on Social Change: Grameen Bank Lending to
Women, 16 Int'l J. of Pol., Culture, & Soc'y 369, 371 (2003).





n66.  Id.





n67.  Id. at 372.





n68.  Id.





n69.  A Short History of Grameen Bank, Grameen Bank,
http://www.grameen-info.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=19&Itemid=
114 (last updated Jan. 1, 2013).





n70.  Bernasek, supra note 65, at 372.





n71.  Id.





n72.  Id.





n73.  Id.





n74.  Id.





n75.  A Short History of Grameen Bank, supra note 69.





n76.  Id.





n77.  As of 2002, Grameen Bank was lending over $ 2.8 billion to 2.3 million
people in more than 40,000 villages in Bangladesh. Bernasek, supra note 65, at
373.





n78.  The Nobel Peace Prize for 2006, NobelPrize.org (Oct. 13, 2006),
http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/peace/laureates/2006/press.html.





n79.  A Short History of Grameen Bank, supra note 69.





n80.  While the term "microfinance industry" refers to the microlending business
in its totality, this Comment uses "MFI" to refer to individual organizations
carrying out the business of microlending.





n81.  Salil Tripathi, Who is Responsible for India's Poor - the State or the
Private Sector?, Guardian (Jan. 26, 2011, 2:00 AM),
http://www.guardian.co.uk/global-development/poverty-matters/2011/jan/26/microfi
nance-regulations-india.





n82.  Microfinance in India: A Crisis at the Bottom of the Pyramid, Legatum
Ventures 2 (May 2011), http://www.legatum.org/attachments/MicrofinanceCrisis.pdf
[hereinafter Crisis].





n83.  Id.





n84.  Id.





n85.  Tara A. Nair, Institutionalising Microfinance in India: An Overview of
Strategic Issues, 36 Econ. & Pol. Wkly. 399, 400 (2001).





n86.  Id.





n87.  Tara S. Nair, The Transforming World of Indian Microfinance, 40 Econ. &
Pol. Wkly. 1695, 1695 (2005).





n88.  NABARD was established by the Indian Parliament to facilitate the "credit
flow for promotion and development of agriculture, small-scale industries,
cottage and village industries, handicrafts and other rural crafts" and "to
support all other allied economic activities in rural areas, promote integrated
and sustainable rural development and secure prosperity of rural areas." About
NABARD, Nat'l Bank for Agric. & Rural Dev.,
http://www.nabard.org/introduction.asp (last visited Feb. 15, 2013).





n89.  Nair, supra note 87, at 1695. Within this system, RBI, NABARD, and
commercial banks contribute to a fund called the Micro Finance Development and
Equity Fund, which is distributed to pre-approved community-based organizations
and institutions engaged in microlending activities. See Development Fund, Nat'l
Bank for Agric. Rural Dev.,
http://www.nabard.org/microfinance/developmentfund.asp (last visited Feb. 26,
2013).





n90.  Nair, supra note 87, at 1696.





n91.  Id. at 1695.





n92.  Manju George, A Primer on Microfinance in India, Microfinance Gateway
(Jun. 4, 2008),
http://www.microfinancegateway.org/p/site/m/template.rc/1.26.9150/.





n93.  Id.





n94.  Crisis, supra note 82.





n95.  Id.





n96.  John Satish Kumar, Global Finance: SKS Says That Debt Collections Are
Suffering Amid New Rules, Wall St. J., Nov. 19, 2010, at C3. At the end of 2010,
SKS's assets exceeded $ 320.2 million. MFI Report, Mix Market,
http://www.mixmarket.org/mfi/sks (last visited Feb. 3, 2013).





n97.  Vikash Kumar & Daniel Rozas, SKS Microfinance Journey to IPO - An Inside
Story, Microfinance Focus (May 12, 2010, 5:20 PM),
http://www.danielrozas.com/2010/05/12/exclusive-sks-microfinance-journey-to-ipo-
an-inside-story/.





n98.  Id.





n99.  Id.





n100.  Id.





n101.  Ketaki Gokhale, A Global Surge in Tiny Loans Spurs Credit Bubble in a
Slum, Wall St. J., Aug. 13, 2009, at A1.





n102.  A "public limited company" is an entity organized under § 3(1)(iv) of
India's Companies Act 1956 where ownership is held by the general public,
including individuals, officers, employees, and institutional investors.
Companies Act 1956, No. 1 of 1956, India Code (2012), § 3(1)(iv). "The liability
of each shareholder is limited to the extent of the unpaid amount of the shares
face value and the premium thereon in respect of the shares held by him."
Procedure for Formation of Company India, Madaan,
http://madaan.com/incorporateprocedure.html (last visited May 22, 2013). At
times, however, the liability of a director or manager of such a company can be
unlimited. Id.





n103.  Jennifer Shevock, MICROCAPITAL BRIEF: SKS Microfinance Initial Public
Offering Opens on Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange of India,
Shares Up After First Day of Trading, MicroCapital (Aug. 17, 2010, 9:56 AM),
www.microcapital.org/microcapital-brief-sks-microfinance-initial-public-offering
-opens-on-bombay-stock-
exchange-and-national-stock-exchange-of-india-shares-up-after-first-day-of-tradi
ng/.





n104.  Joshi, supra note 10.





n105.  Eric Bellman, Global Finance: Just Off IPO, Microlender Ousts CEO in
Board Row, Wall St. J., Oct. 6, 2010, at C3.





n106.  Simon Montlake, India's $ 5 Billion Microfinance Industry Faces Backlash
Over Profits, Christian Sci. Monitor (Nov. 17, 2010),
http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Asia-South-Central/2010/1117/India-s-5-billion-mi
crofinance-industry-faces-backlash-over-profits.





n107.  See Eric Bellman, IPO Pits Profit vs. Altruism: Indian Microlender Sees
Scale in Capitalism; Industry Pioneer Has His Doubts, Wall St. J., July 9, 2010,
at C1.





n108.  SKS I.P.O. Ignites Microfinance Debate, Dealbook (July 29, 2010, 4:48
AM),
http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2010/07/29/sks-i-p-o-sparks-microfinance-debate/.





n109.  Eric Bellman & Arlene Chang, Microfinance Bubble: Backlash in
Microlending: Three Agents in India Are Arrested for Harassing Borrowers, Wall
St. J., Oct. 23, 2010, at B16.





n110.  John Satish Kumar, India's SKS to Trim Rate in Lending Fight, Wall St.
J., Nov. 10, 2010, at C2.





n111.  Id.





n112.  See Montlake, supra note 106. MFI loans are typically less than $ 200.
Kumar, supra note 111.





n113.  Montlake, supra note 106.





n114.  Microfinance Gateway, Why do MFIs Charge Such High Interest Rates to Poor
People? FAQ, EvanCarmichael.com,
http://www.evancarmichael.com/African-Accounts/1676/Why-do-MFIs-charge-such-high
-interest-rates-to-poor-people-FAQ.html, (last visited Jan. 25, 2013).





n115.  Id.





n116.  Gokhale, supra note 101; see also Jacquelyn Hunter, The Interest Rate
Myth in Indian Microfinance, Forbes India Mag. (Feb. 9, 2011),
http://forbesindia.com/printcontent/22212.





n117.  Id.





n118.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 109.





n119.  Id.





n120.  Id. In addition to collecting at borrowers' homes, agents sought to
collect loan payments on a weekly basis, which many found to be overly
aggressive. See Kumar, supra note 96.





n121.  Karuna Krishnaswamy, Competition and Multiple Borrowing in the Indian
Microfinance Sector 4-5 (Inst. for Fin. Mgmt. & Res. Ctr. for Micro Fin.,
Working Paper, 2007), available at
http://www.microfinancegateway.org/gm/document-1.9.26434/68.pdf.





n122.  Id. at 5-12.





n123.  Montlake, supra note 106.





n124.  See Kumar, supra note 96.





n125.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 109.





n126.  Soutik Biswas, India's Micro-Finance Suicide Epidemic, BBC News (Dec. 16,
2010, 5:12 AM), http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-11997571. Government
officials in Andhra Pradesh, for example, reported that aggressive lending by
MFIs in the state resulted in over seventy deaths in 2010. Eric Bellman & Arlene
Chang, India's Major Crisis in Microlending: Loans Involving Tiny Amounts of
Money Were a Good Idea, but the Explosion of Interest Backfires, Wall St. J.,
Oct. 28, 2010, at C1.





n127.  Id.





n128.  Biswas, supra note 126.





n129.  Montlake, supra note 106.





n130.  Id.





n131.  Biswas, supra note 126.





n132.  Id.





n133.  Joshi, supra note 10.





n134.  Montlake, supra note 106.





n135.  Paul Beckett, Global Finance: SKS Chairman Fights Loan Backlash, Wall St.
J., Nov. 17, 2010, at C3.





n136.  Andhra Pradesh Microfinance Institutions (Regulation of Moneylending)
Act, 2010, Andhra Pradesh Gen. Assemb., 2010 (India).





n137.  Id. § 3.





n138.  Id.





n139.  Id. § 10.





n140.  Id. § 9.





n141.  Id. §§11-13.





n142.  Id. § 16.





n143.  Montlake, supra note 106.





n144.  Ghiyazuddin & Shruti Gupta, Andhra Pradesh MFI Crisis and its Impact on
Clients, Centre for Microfinance & MicroSave (June 2012),
http://staging.microsave.net/files/pdf/AP_MFI_Crisis_Report_MicroSave_CMF_Ghiyaz
uddin_Gupta.pdf.





n145.  Paul Beckett, The Microfinance Crisis: Is There a Way Out?, Wall St. J.
(Aug. 1, 2011, 9:30 AM),
http://blogs.wsj.com/indiarealtime/2011/08/01/the-microfinance-crisis-is-there-a
-way-out/?KEYWORDS=microlending (online blog).





n146.  Tamal Bandyopadhyay & Dinesh Unnikrishnan, India's Oldest Microfinance
Firm on the Verge of Closure, Livemint (July 27, 2011),
http://www.livemint.com/Home-Page/jQEWbu9lAAN9xT34uIadEN/India8217s-oldest-micro
finance-firm-on-the-verge-of-closu.html.





n147.  Bhartiya Samruddhi Finance Limited Rating Downgraded to "CRISIL D', India
Microfinance (Oct. 25, 2012),
http://indiamicrofinance.com/bhartiya-samruddhi-rating-2012.html. Additionally,
SKS, which is headquartered and operates a significant amount of business in
Andhra Pradesh, reported large losses in the first half of 2011; by May 2011,
SKS's shares dropped 80% from their September 2010 highs. Joshi, supra note 10.





n148.  See Beckett, supra note 135.





n149.  Dinesh Unnikrishnan, AP Refuses to Budge on Microfinance Legislation,
Livemint (July 19, 2011, 12:46 AM),
http://www.livemint.com/2011/07/19004659/AP-refuses-to-budge-on-microfi.html.





n150.  See, e.g., Bellman & Chang, supra note 109.





n151.  See Montlake, supra note 106.





n152.  Id.; see also Biswas, supra note 126; Bellman & Chang, supra note 109.





n153.  Montlake, supra note 106.





n154.  See Micro Finance Bill, supra note 15; Budget Session, supra note 14.





n155.  Bill Track, supra note 18.





n156.  Government May Introduce Micro-Finance Development and Regulatory Bill in
Parliament's Winter Session, Contify Banking (Nov. 3, 2011, 7:54 PM),
http://banking.contify.com/story/govt-may-introduce-micro-finance-development-an
d-regulatory-bill-in-parliaments-winter-session-2011-11-03.





n157.  MFI Sector Needs Regulation: HSBC India, Moneylife (Nov. 21, 2011, 7:33
AM),
http://www.moneylife.in/article/mfi-sector-needs-regulation-hsbc-india/21570.htm
l [hereinafter Regulation].





n158.  RBI is India's central banking institution and is fully owned by the
Indian government. About Us, Reserve Bank India,
http://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/AboutusDisplay.aspx (last visited Jan. 28, 2013).
Established in 1935 in accordance with the provisions of the Reserve Bank of
India Act, 1934, RBI's preamble describes its primary functions as "to regulate
the issue of Bank Notes and keeping of reserves with a view to securing monetary
stability in India and generally to operate the currency and credit system of
the country to its advantage." Id. Such functions include: (1) formulating,
implementing, and monitoring India's monetary policy; (2) regulating and
supervising India's financial sector; (3) managing India's foreign exchange
market; (4) issuing currency; (5) performing a wide range of promotional
functions to support national objectives; and (6) serving as banker to both the
Indian government and banks. Id. RBI's affairs are governed by a central board
of directors elected by the government. Id.





n159.  Micro Finance Bill, supra note 15, §§24-30.





n160.  Id.





n161.  George, supra note 92.





n162.  Padmanabhan, supra note 15.





n163.  Bill Track, supra note 18.





n164.  Micro Finance Bill, supra note 15, § 47.





n165.  See id.





n166.  Id. § II(i)(E)(iii).





n167.  Lahiri, supra note 19.





n168.  Microfinance Bill Passes Muster, RBI is Overlord, Reuters (May 11, 2012,
8:00 AM),
http://www.dnaindia.com/money/report_microfinance-bill-passes-muster-rbi-is-over
lord_1687188.





n169.  Press Trust of India, Micro-Finance Bill is Anti-Poor, says Andhra
Pradesh Government Official, NDTV (May 13, 2012, 6:03 PM),
http://www.ndtv.com/article/india/micro-finance-bill-is-anti-poor-says-andhra-pr
adesh-government-official-210247. Vijay Mahajan, president of industry body
Microfinance Institutions Network (MFIN), stated that if the Bill is passed,
"[MFIN] will be able to collect at least 35 per cent of our outstanding [loans
balances]." Id.





n170.  See, e.g., Regulation, supra note 157.





n171.  Lahiri, supra note 19. The 20% gain marked a significant improvement for
the firm, which saw its stock price drop by that magnitude twice in 2011. Id.





n172.  Ramana, supra note 21; Umakanth, supra note 20.





n173.  Ramana, supra note 21.





n174.  Umakanth, supra note 20.





n175.  India Const. art. 246.





n176.  This doctrine is known as the "doctrine of repugnancy." Id. art. 254(2).





n177.  Shri P.M. Baksh, Indian Ministry of Law & Just. Nat'l Commission to Rev.
the Working of the Const., Concurrent Powers of Legislation Under List III of
the Constitution § 2.5(b) (Mar. 2002), available at
http://lawmin.nic.in/ncrwc/finalreport/v2b3-3.htm.





n178.  India Const. art. 246, sch. 7.





n179.  Id. list II, P 30.





n180.  Unnikrishnan, supra note 149.





n181.  Id.





n182.  Andhra Pradesh's Animal Farm: Debt Traps, Life Insurance and Death
Bonuses, Governance Across Borders (Oct. 25, 2010),
http://governancexborders.com/2010/10/25/andhra-pradeshs-animal-farm-the-chicken
s-have-come-home-to-roost/.





n183.  Id.





n184.  Lydia Polgreen & Vikas Bajaj, India Microcredit Faces Collapse From
Defaults, N.Y. Times, Nov. 17, 2010, at A5.





n185.  Moneylending: Friend or Foe of Microfinance?, India Dev. Blog (Jan. 28,
2010, 1:52 AM),
http://www.indiadevelopmentblog.com/2010/01/moneylending-friend-or-foe-of.html.





n186.  What is Microfinance?, Consultative Group Assist Poor,
http://www.cgap.org/about/faq (Jan. 26, 2013).





n187.  Rai, supra note 20.





n188.  See Micro Finance Bill, supra note 15, § 2(i) ("Microfinance institution
... does not include ... any individual carrying on the activity of
money-lending and registered as a moneylender under the provision of any State
law which regulates such activities.").





n189.  Tamal Bandyopadhyay, Can Microfinance Institutions Lower Their Loan
Rates?, Microfinance Africa (Feb. 19, 2013, 9:46 PM)
http://microfinanceafrica.net/microfinance-around-the-world/india-can-microfinan
ce-institutions-lower-their-loan-rates/.





n190.  Swaminathan S. Anklesaria Aiyar, Killing Microfinance Will Help
Moneylenders, Econ. Times (Oct. 24, 2010, 10:03 AM),
http://articles.economictimes.indiatimes.com/2010-10-24/news/27624863_1_mfis-mic
rofinance-institutions-vikram-akula.





n191.  India Const. art. 246, sch. 7, list I, PP 38, 45.





n192.  Id. art. 248. This is known as Parliament's "residuary power."





n193.  See, e.g., Link Hire-Purchase and Leasing Co. (Pvt.) Ltd. and Premier
Kuries and Loans (Pvt.) Ltd. v. State of Kerala and Ors., (2007) 103 Comp. Cas
941 (India) (holding that financial companies are subject to moneylender laws);
Vellanki Leasing & Finance Pvt Ltd. v. Pfimex Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Two
Others, A.I.R. 2006 S.C. 3366 (India) (refusing to extend scope of moneylending
law to someone who was not a "professional moneylender").





n194.  Nicole Boyd, Microcapital Brief: High Court of Indian State of Andhra
Pradesh Upholds Microfinance State Law, Rejecting Microlenders' Petitions,
Microcapital.org (Feb. 20, 2013, 12:01 am),
http://www.microcapital.org/microcapital-brief-high-court-of-indian-state-of-and
hra-pradesh-upholds-microfinance-state-law-rejecting-microlenders-petitions/.





n195.  India Const. art. 249.





n196.  Ramana, supra note 21.





n197.  Id.





n198.  Id. "Privileges" include exemption from usury laws, which are applicable
only to moneylenders.





n199.  Mukul G. Asher & Savita Shankar, Microfinance Bill: Need for Major
Re-think,
http://www.karmayog.org/billsinparliament/upload/8457/CFO_Article-final.doc
(last visited May 22, 2013).





n200.  Micro Finance Bill, supra note 15, § 42.





n201.  Interview with Vijay Mahajan, supra note 13.





n202.  Polgreen & Bajaj, supra note 184.





n203.  Id.





n204.  Micro Finance Bill, supra note 15, § 26.





n205.  Lahiri, supra note 19.





n206.  Polgreen & Bajaj, supra note 184.


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2012 Denver Journal of International Law and
                                     Policy
                 Denver Journal of International Law and Policy

                                   Fall, 2012

                  Denver Journal of International Law & Policy

                        40 Denv. J. Int'l L. & Pol'y 588

LENGTH: 19154 words

ARTICLE: Microfinance - Is There a Solution? A Survey on the Use of MFIs to
Alleviate Poverty in India

NAME: Jesse Fishman*

BIO: * 2012 Graduate, Sturm College of Law at the University of Denver. I would
like to thank Jason Lantagne, Malliga Och, and John Crone for their invaluable
contributions throughout the editing process. In addition, many thanks to Stu
and Sue Fishman for their insight on India, and to Y.S. Lee for his pioneering
work on microtrade.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Since "microcredit" institutions have grown to include numerous types of
financial access, this paper will primarily use the term "MFI" to refer to
microfinance and microcredit programs.  ... As the World Bank explained
regarding a microfinance project in AP: "key to the management of risk for banks
was the social collateral provided by poor women in self-help groups who
guarantee each other's loans." ... MFIs are not preparing borrowers for income
shocks, nor ensuring that the borrowers they loan to are investing in
income-producing items.  ... The founder of SKS Microfinance, India's largest
microfinance institution, argues that the microfinance industry has made a fatal
mistake because it "hasn't scaled large numbers." ... The president of the
Grameen Foundation worries that for-profit companies use profit as their "main
metric of success." ... Vijay Mahajan, head of a group of for-profit MFIs,
recommends loan restructuring - "he recommends that loans of 20 percent of the
worst-affected borrowers be restructured and the payment periods stretched." ...
In spite of microfinance's flaws, if microfinance institutions, governments, and
non-profit organizations implement some of the recommendations, microfinance
will continue to be used to achieve the MDGs and help women like Jane sew their
way out of poverty.

HIGHLIGHT: Abstract

 Microfinance has a long history of success in providing financial access to the
world's poor through small loans. It has been lauded as aiding the Millennium
Development Goals, reducing poverty, empowering women, and supporting numerous
other social benefits. Recently, however, public figures have questioned
microfinance. One politician went so far as to say that microfinance is "sucking
blood from the poor." However, recent setbacks in microfinance do not indicate
that microfinance as an institution is extinct. Despite the recent problems,
microfinance still serves a crucial role in international development. This
paper explores some of the reasons that microfinance is currently struggling and
provides potential suggestions for addressing them.


TEXT:
 [*588]

   I. Introduction

   A. Summary of Paper

 Microfinance has a long history of providing financial access to the world's
poor through small loans. It has shown numerous successes throughout history,
most famously through the Grameen Bank. It has been lauded as aiding the
Millennium Development Goals, reducing poverty, empowering women, and supporting
numerous other social benefits. Recently, however, public figures have begun to
question microfinance. In fact, Bangladesh's Prime Minister went so far as to
say that microfinance is "sucking blood from the poor." n1 A string of suicides
in Andhra Pradesh (AP) was linked to the pressures of repaying microloans,
further muddying microfinance's reputation. Microfinance, as it stands, is
simply not working.

    [*589]  Despite microfinance's recent problems, it serves a crucial role in
international development, in providing financial access to the poor, and in
alleviating poverty. This paper explores some of the reasons that microfinance
is currently struggling, and provides potential suggestions for addressing them.
Section I explores the foundations of microfinance, explains why microfinance
matters, and addresses programs Grameen Bank utilized to aid development.
Section II addresses how microfinance affects international human rights,
including many of the concepts scholars deem as successful, in part, due to
microfinance. Section III analyzes the current state of microfinance
institutions, explaining their prevalence and the recent suicides in AP. Section
IV explores some of the difficulties microfinance institutions have had in
alleviating poverty and the reasons that scholars say microfinance is
floundering. Section V provides recommendations for improving microfinance and
how to effectively use it to alleviate poverty and spur development. Finally,
Section VI concludes that, though flawed, microfinance can still be effectively
used to help reduce poverty and stimulate development.

   B. Why Microfinance Matters

 Exchanging hair for capital is not a novel concept; n2 however, the rural women
building these businesses add a new face to the old idea. Sivamma, a 35-year-old
woman from AP, took out her first $ 45 loan to build a business based on human
hair. n3 She hired 250 women to collect human hair from villagers in exchange
for items such as toys. n4 Then, "the hair is collected and sold to a leading
Indian hair exporter in Madras, from where it eventually finds its way to the
United States and other Western countries to be used for wigs and hairpieces."
n5 Now, Sivamma enjoys her earnings. She is proud of "the $ 3,000 home she built
from the profits, the $ 700 motorbike she bought for her husband and her $ 1,000
savings." n6

   Jane found similar success in microfinance. Jane grew up in a Kenyan slum,
dropped out of school after eighth grade, and became a 38-year-old single
mother. n7 When her husband took a second wife, Jane was pushed out of the
house. She was alone, homeless, broke, and  [*590]  trying to support her small
children. n8 In order to survive, Jane sold all that she had left - her body. n9
After five years of prostitution, Jane joined an antipoverty organization
utilizing microfinance and microsavings. n10 She left prostitution, learned to
sew, and used what she saved plus a small loan to buy a sewing machine. When her
sewing business flourished, Jane bought a "small home in a safe suburb" and
focused on keeping her children in school. n11 Jane's children are equally a
success story: her daughter was the first child in Jane's family to graduate
from high school, and her son ranked first in his class. n12 When the New York
Times author spoke to Jane's son, he said "that when he gets his first paycheck,
he's going to buy something beautiful for his mom - and his eyes glistened as he
spoke." n13 Jane literally sewed her way out of poverty. Because of the
opportunities provided by microfinance, the image of a woman in an impoverished
village having financial access and the opportunity to create a successful
business is now commonplace.

   C. Definitions

 "Microcredit is the extension of small loans and other financial services ...
to the ... poor." n14 The term is used nearly interchangeably with
"microfinance." n15 Microcredit allows the very poor to become entrepreneurs and
generate income, thus providing an ongoing source of income for borrowers and
their families. n16 The microloans go to those who traditionally could not have
access to normal banking because they lack collateral, steady employment, and a
credit history. n17 Historically, the rural poor only had access to capital
through usurious  [*591]  moneylenders, the equivalent of modern day loan
sharks. n18 Microloans were initially meant to "provide a kinder, cheaper
alternative." n19 Modern microfinance institutions (MFIs) do not have a uniform
makeup - they can be nonprofit organizations, "credit unions, cooperatives,
private commercial banks, and even non-bank financial institutions." n20 Since
"microcredit" institutions have grown to include numerous types of financial
access, n21 this paper will primarily use the term "MFI" to refer to
microfinance and microcredit programs.

   As microfinance borrowers are typically impoverished, they cannot offer
banking institutions typical types of collateral. n22 Therefore, many MFIs loan
money to groups of people in a community, so that borrowers "are jointly
responsible if anyone defaults on a loan." n23 This "social collateral" among
borrowers pressures them not to default, and has proved to be successful in
urging repayment. n24 As the World Bank explained regarding a microfinance
project in AP: "key to the management of risk for banks was the social
collateral provided by poor women in self-help groups who guarantee each other's
loans." n25 The situations where the social collateral method is used are often
called "self-help groups." n26 Unfortunately, while the "social collateral"
approach is successful in aiding loan repayment, the shame it causes borrowers
is often difficult for them to deal with. n27 "Both proponents and critics
acknowledge that the peer-pressure exerted by the group on the borrowers is
often shame-based. The combined pressure from peers and loan officers can be
intense, and studies have documented some early tragedies, including one woman
who killed herself as a result of  [*592]  this pressure." n28 In the past few
years, suicides attributed to the pressure of repaying microloans have
increased. n29 The difficulties with this shame-based social collateral system
are further addressed in the section on AP.

   D. History of Microfinance

 The idea of microcredit has a long and tumultuous history. Informal banking
institutions have existed for centuries, including such industries as ""susus'
of Ghana, "chit funds' in India, [and] "tandas' in Mexico." n30 As early as the
18th century, in Europe, charities and credit cooperatives have been extending
small loans to budding entrepreneurs. n31 For example, 18th century author
Jonathan Swift donated part of his wealth to be lent to poor tradesmen, in small
sums, to be repaid weekly and without interest. n32 Similarly, the Irish
Reproductive Loan Fund Institution was founded post-famine in 1822 to give loans
under ten pounds to people in rural areas for the "relief of the distressed
Irish." n33 Group microlending was documented as early as the nineteenth century
in Germany. n34 Like the programs that Yunus' infamous Grameen Bank n35 would
utilize in the future, the early cooperatives relied upon close groups of people
that knew one another well, in communities where individuals were willing to be
held liable for the debts of other borrowers in their groups. n36 Starting in
the 1970s with the popularization of Grameen Bank, microcredit became an
important tool in advancing development.

[*593]

   E. The Evolution of Grameen Bank

 In 1974, Muhammad Yunus was a Professor and Head of the Rural Economics Program
at the University of Chittagong. n37 He traveled through many rural areas of
Bangladesh and was appalled by the poverty that villagers were suffering. n38 As
he explains it:



    The starving people did not chant any slogans. They did not demand anything
from us well-fed city folk. They simply lay down very quietly on our doorsteps
and waited to die. There are many ways for people to die, but somehow dying of
starvation is the most unacceptable of all. It happens in slow motion. Second by
second, the distance between life and death becomes smaller and smaller, until
the two are in such close proximity that one can hardly tell the difference.
Like sleep, death by starvation happens so quietly, so inexorably, one does not
even sense it happening. And all for lack of a handful of rice at each meal. n39


 Shocked at the poverty and looking for a way to help the starving villagers,
Yunus used his background in economics to pioneer modern day microfinance. In
1983, Yunus established Grameen Bank to provide small loans to people for
starting or growing their businesses. n40 Grameen began as an organization "with
the belief that credit should be accepted as a human right," where a person "who
does not possess anything gets the highest priority in getting a loan." n41 With
this ideal in mind, the bank had modest beginnings - its first loan was for only
twenty-seven dollars to aid forty-two stool makers. n42

   Grameen Bank grew quickly, and Yunus soon realized that he needed to
implement programs to aid with "income shocks," specifically, to compensate
borrowers for natural disasters. n43 Initially, if a borrower's entire business
was ruined from a hurricane or other natural disaster, Grameen had no system to
help the borrower rebuild. To resolve this, Yunus started programs where group
borrowers gave a set amount of money per month to the group's emergency fund,
which could  [*594]  be emptied by any group member if a similar "income shock"
occurred. n44 After success in battling "income shocks," Yunus began
implementing social programs and trainings to help borrowers become more
successful. n45 For example, Yunus noticed that villagers had poor health care,
so he started a health insurance program. n46 Grameen's programs changed to
address the needs of borrowers.

   Grameen has shown incredible growth since it was founded. When Grameen
started in 1983, it cumulatively loaned $ 194.95 (in million USD), and by 2009,
that number grew to $ 8741.86 (also in million USD). n47 The number of groups
taking out loans in 1983 was 11,667, and by 2009, the groups grew to 1,253,160.
n48 The number of villages covered by Grameen grew from 1,249 in 1983 to 83,458
in 2009. n49 Grameen includes more than 5.5 million members, and has distributed
more than $ 5.2 billion in loans. n50 Most shockingly, the profit/loss amount
per year went from -0.0059 in 1983 to 5.38 in 2009 (both in million USD). n51
Grameen went from an organization aiding the poor to a company making $ 5.38
million a year. n52 The Bank reported a 98 percent repayment rate on its loans,
n53 attributing and majority of its success to the "group lending" concept it
popularized. n54 Yunus and Grameen Bank won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 for
"pioneering the system." n55

[*595]

   II. Human Rights Implications of Microfinance

   A. Introduction & Early Popularity

 Microfinance was early lauded as the solution to poverty. It "became the
darling of the development world, hailed as the long elusive formula to propel
even the most destitute into better lives." n56 The concept has become "hotly
recognized," n57 and even earned celebrity support. n58 Unfortunately,
microfinance has recently suffered monumental media hits. n59 Still, scholars
agree that microfinance has had an enormous impact on human rights, and that it
has potential for further changing the international landscape. n60 One
commentator suggests that: "if you asked poverty experts to name the single most
significant new concept in the field in the last few decades, chances are they
would say microcredit." n61 Microfinance has had numerous successes in India and
evidence shows that it enables the poor "to better withstand shocks, build
assets, and link into the wider economy as fuller economic citizens." n62
However, the crucial question remains: has microcredit helped to alleviate
poverty and spur development on a broader scale?

[*596]

   B. Millennium Goals & International Law

 At the international level, microfinance supports the international community's
development goals and commitments. The 15th Global Microcredit Summit recently
stated that microcredit "will ensure the attainment of the Millennium
Development Goal (MDGs) target of halving absolute poverty." n63 The United
Nations (UN) constructed the MDGs as an international framework for making the
"planet more livable for all people." n64 The MDGs call for responsible
international action to address such issues as poverty and gender inequity. n65
Importantly, because the MDGs have been endorsed by the UN's member states, they
qualify as official commitments; thus, they form part of the international legal
framework for human rights protections. n66 The MDGs embody and reinforce rights
that many states already committed to protecting. n67 Significantly, several
conventions provide a legal foundation obligating states to pursue the MDGs. n68

   Microfinance can be a crucial international tool in supporting the MDGs. n69
One development advocate explains:



    The success of a project can be measured by the changes it makes in the
lives of individuals, families, and communities using local knowledge and
practice. Key factors contributing to the success of such projects, especially
ones designed with women in mind, include savings in time, realistic
opportunities for learning, increased income levels, the empowerment of women,
and project sustainability. Each of these factors simultaneously contributes to
project success and  [*597]  embodies human rights protections mandated by the
conventions that support the MDGs. n70

 As scholars have shown, and this article enumerates, microfinance can be used
to successfully support each of the above factors, thereby greatly supporting
the MDGs.

   C. Poverty Reduction

 Microfinance is widely recognized for its monumental potential as a means of
reducing poverty. n71 The World Bank defines "poverty" as living on less than $
1.25 per day, and in 2005, approximately 1.5 billion people were living in
poverty. n72 In the same report, the World Bank stated that microfinance has
helped the world's poor by increasing their incomes using self-employment and
empowerment. n73 Grameen Bank embodies these notions in its long-term goals:
reducing "poverty, family size, and under and unemployment." n74 In the past,
microfinance was so widely-embraced and successful that the United Nations
deemed 2005 the "International Year of Microcredit." n75 The UN Secretary
General at the time, Kofi Annan, added that microfinance "helps alleviate
poverty by generating income, creating jobs, allowing children to go to school,
enabling families to obtain health care, and empowering people to make choices
that best serve their needs." n76

   D. Social Benefits

 Supporters defend microfinance as providing broad social benefits such as
improved health, greater gender equality, and increased educational
participation. n77 Microfinance proponents argue that the "industry was the
first to reach out to those that make less than $ 1 a day" and was "so
successful that it has spawned efforts to bring  [*598]  everything from
insurance to cell phones to solar lights to groceries to the poor." n78 Studies
have shown that microfinance spurs a vast social impact. For example, "[a]
number of studies have concluded that, as a result of the Bank's involvement,
borrowers have been more likely than the general population to use birth
control, to be more articulate, and at least be aware of the positive effects of
the directives." n79 In Brazil, for example, the government's welfare program
has linked monetary aid to vaccination and schooling, thus using microfinance to
support public health and education. n80 The government provides financial aid
to 12 million families "on the condition that their children attend school and
are vaccinated." n81 Microfinance has also been lauded as helping with dispute
resolution. n82 MFIs have been touted as providing vast social benefits. n83

   E. Enhance Gender Equality and Empower Women

 MFIs often focus their efforts on women. Microfinance is of particular import
for women n84 because, worldwide, the borrowers are  [*599]  predominantly
women. n85 In 2010, one study estimates that 82.3 percent of poor clients
reached were women. n86 "Women earn only ten percent of the entire world's
income despite making up over fifty percent of the world's population, and they
own less than 10 percent of the world's property." n87 Despite these abysmal
figures, women often hold critical roles as providers. In the developing world,
women frequently provide for their families. n88 Because of this, "MFIs have
specifically focused on women, and the majority of those receiving microfinance
loans are female." n89

   Gender equality and women's empowerment is one of the MDGs. n90 The three
indicators to monitor this are: education, employment, and political
representation. n91 Overall, it is clear that microfinance can improve gender
equality. Access to paid work, even work done in the home, "has the potential to
shift the balance of power within the family." n92 For example, "studies of the
impact of microcredit in societies where women have traditionally been excluded
from the cash economy have found that women's access to credit led to a number
of positive changes in women's own perceptions of themselves, and their role in
household decision making." n93 This access also helped to reduce domestic
violence and increase women's assets. n94 A study on MFIs in India showed that
microfinance improved: political participation and self-confidence in politics,
access to government programs, practical skills, and knowledge of the wider
society. n95

   Microfinance projects have concluded that women's self-image and
self-confidence was enhanced when they received training on women's rights and
social and political issues. n96 While financial access is crucial  [*600]  in
providing for families and empowering women, n97 it has also been heralded as an
opportunity to "involve women in the global economy." n98 Numerous studies note
that women are being empowered through microfinance, n99 and their empowerment
is evident in their civic engagement: n100



    One of the key benefits of SHGs [a type of microfinance institution] is
women's empowerment and this can be seen with the number of women involved in
public affairs. While the number of women actually involved in politics is still
very low, research has indicated that of those women that stand for election,
over 70% had won their seat. And, the female contribution to civil issues ranges
from issue of ration cards, laying of pucca roads, building of school, ensuring
appointments in vacant positions in schools and health centres, recovery of
river bank lands from encroachers and laying of drinking water pipes. n101

 Women's empowerment in developing countries also spurs a plethora of social
benefits. n102 Empowering women, and providing them with capital to create
income-generating businesses, helps to reduce trafficking n103 and to rebuild
livelihoods post-war. n104 Women in post-war areas often want to participate in
microfinance. "Women and children are particularly affected by war. And yet even
in the most dire situations where women are living in extreme conditions in
refugee camps, there are still women who seek assistance to start a business."
n105 Because of this, "microcredit programs in war-torn areas have direct
application to addressing women's human rights. It is often women who are left
to support their households after wars... . The more self-reliant a woman can
be, the safer she and her children will be." n106 Providing financial assistance
for women in war torn areas to  [*601]  create businesses can spur economic
growth, and help to rebuild women's livelihoods.

   III. Current State of MFIs

   A. Introduction

 From the world's excitement over Grameen's success came an abundance of MFIs.
"After a decade of extraordinarily rapid growth, there were only about 154
million microfinance clients worldwide at the end of 2008 - around 130 million
future customers were born that same year alone." n107 MFIs have spread through
Asia, Africa, and South America. n108 Unfortunately, recent scandals in India
and Bangladesh n109 contributed to tarnishing the industry's reputation, likely
decreasing individual trust and interest in MFIs. n110 Now, it is estimated that
2.5 billion adults have no access to formal financial services. n111 In 2009,
microfinance's growth rates slowed for the first time in years n112 and many
MFIs suffered stagnant or rising costs - in some cases, they even faced a slow
rise in credit risk. n113

   B. Current State of MFIs in India

 With an enormous population, and many people living in poverty, India is a
crucial part of the microfinance industry. n114 "India continues to be a driving
force" among South Asian MFIs. n115 Remarkably, even in the difficult economy,
Indian MFIs keep growing. n116 Overall, 30 million  [*602]  households have
taken micro-credit in India. n117 More than a third of those households live in
the region of AP, and the majority of borrowers are women. n118 For-profit
companies hold nearly 90 percent of the total outstanding borrowings. n119 In
addition, India's microfinance industry has received both internal and
international support. n120

   C. Current State of MFIs in Andhra Pradesh

 The AP region accounts for nearly half of the loans in India, n121 and only
four companies have doled out 80 percent of the region's loans. n122 Self-help
groups in the region include over 12 million women, and have distributed more
than $ 2.5 billion in loans. n123 The families that have borrowed "have an
average debt of $ 660, and an average annual income of $ 1,060. This means that
more than 60 percent of their fragile, uncertain income is being spent paying
off loans." n124 Interest rates on these loans can vary greatly. Some sources
say that annual interest rates are near 24-30 percent. n125 According to others,
interest rates begin around 15 percent but can rise to as much as 40-100
percent. n126 Repayment collection varies greatly as well; however, repayments
are generally due starting one week after they are taken out. n127 Many
borrowers have suffered in attempts to pay back their loans: "villagers are
sending their children to work to help them make the repayments," debt
collectors are insisting that borrowers "sell their cattle chickens and other
household items." n128 Even "selling agricultural land is ... considered as a
last desperate option." n129 As a political leader illustrated, "I have seen
them sell their wedding jewelry to pay the installments." n130 Worse yet, the
rural villagers have complained "of  [*603]  harassment from the debt collectors
and there have been allegations of physical assaults." n131

   D. Suicide Epidemic in Andhra Pradesh

 In the last few months of 2010, more than 80 people in the AP region of India
committed suicide after defaulting on micro-loans. n132 This, in turn,
"triggered the worst ever crisis in India's booming micro-finance industry."
n133

   In another example, a loan taken to save a life ended up taking a life. n134
At only 45 years old, Mylaram Kallava hung "herself from the ceiling of her mud
hut in the neighbouring village of Ghanapur after she defaulted on four
micro-loans amounting to $ 840." n135 She had borrowed money to pay for medical
expenses for her two daughters: one for appendicitis, and the other for a
pregnancy that ended in miscarriage. n136 Mrs. Kallava lived more than 45 miles
from the closest government hospitals, so she was forced to go to a private
hospital, which was far beyond her budget. n137 With a sick and barely working
husband, two months of defaults on her loans, and the recently ended job program
in the village, Mrs. Kallava could not ignore the employment shortage in the
area. n138 Her co-guarantors, from her local self-help group, went to the house
to ask why she was defaulting and Mrs. Kallava was ashamed. n139 The last straw
for Mrs. Kallava, perhaps, was the impending visit of the loan recovery agents.
They were expected to arrive by the end of the week, but Mrs. Kallava did not
wait for the agents. n140 The "very social fabric" that was formed through
self-help groups, that of co-guarantors holding one another accountable as
guarantors for one another's loans, "has been disrupted with members blaming
each other for private loan defaults." n141 In Mrs. Kallava's suicide, her
co-guarantors checking in on her could have been a contributing factor - her
daughter says that the co-guarantors questioning her mother made her feel
ashamed. n142

   As if the suicide epidemic was not tragic enough, some analysts worry that
AP's floundering microfinance will infect other regions. n143  [*604]  Vijay
Mahajan suspects that "if repayments dry up in Andhra Pradesh, the contagion
will spread to other states - and the entire micro-loan industry will be in
peril." n144 He thinks the repayment problems could spread so far as to destroy
microfinance in India, saying "the biggest tragedy will be that the 30 million
poor households, who got access to bank credit for the first time through
micro-finance companies, will have to go back to moneylenders." n145 As the Wall
Street Journal concurs: "what happens [in AP] is frequently a bellwether for
microlending in India, and programs around the world." n146 Mahajan further
extrapolates that the industry "could fold up in Andhra Pradesh and you could
see a domino effect across the country." n147 This would likely drive people
"back to the humiliation of moneylenders," who exploit borrowers with "interest
rates as high as 100 per cent." n148

   IV. Difficulties in Microfinance

   A. Introduction

 Despite all of microfinance's success stories, some are skeptical about whether
microfinance has helped to alleviate poverty. n149 There are many reasons for
this doubt, as there are substantial problems with microfinance as it stands.
Some say that the industry has not helped eradicate poverty because it has not
touched enough people. n150 Bangladesh's Prime Minister said that microfinance
is "sucking blood from the poor." n151 Others argue that a focus on profit has
caused companies to ignore such development indicators as education. n152 Yet
other camps explain that politicians have stunted the proliferation of
microfinance. n153 According to one organization, the primary challenge for MFIs
is: "decreasing costs to clients through streamlined operations, low credit risk
and, eventually, lower profit margins." n154 This daunting issue is compounded
by the economic climate of the past few years, rising problems with loan
repayment, and the costs of diverting further resources to loan collection. n155
Some scholars blame  [*605]  greed, even comparing India's situation with that
of the recent mortgage meltdown in the United States. n156

   As one economic analyst says, "everybody is at fault here." n157 He
clarifies:



    The banks are at fault for failing to provide inclusive finance. State
government has failed to create dynamic economies that reduce poverty fast and
make people credit-worthy. Self-help groups started well, yet failed to meet
credit needs and are suffering loan defaults. Micro-finance companies provided
enough finance, but it became too much! They engaged in gross over lending in a
sad rush for profits. n158

 While experts disagree as to a single cause of the problems with microfinance,
it is clear that the flaws of microfinance are complex.

   B. Loans for Non Income-Producing Items & "Income Shocks"

 MFIs now give microloans for items that are not income-producing, and often
fail to plan for income shocks. When microloans were first popularized in the
Grameen era, they were "given out to help small traders sell vegetables or buy
livestock, or for basic farming needs." n159 They were given for specific
income-producing items, as capital to start businesses or to help budding
entrepreneurs increase their trade. n160 In recent years, however, the loans
have changed: "in recent years those farming commercial crops (cotton,
groundnut, vegetables) or larger livestock (high-yielding buffaloes and cows)
received micro-credit." n161 Loans have also been given to "build homes, repay
old debts, buy consumer durables like TV sets and pay for family marriages."
n162 While loans were previously given for "productive purposes," the bulk of
current micro-loans are given for "consumption-related expenses." n163

   Since MFIs are now lending for larger, higher-yielding endeavors, modern
borrowers need to be more adept at handling the assets they buy with the
microloan. n164 For example, if a borrower buys larger  [*606]  livestock like
buffalo, the animal requires "sophisticated veterinary care and insurance." n165
Additionally, rural farmers are often unprepared to handle the "income shocks"
from a difficult crop season or a change in the market leading to lowered
prices. n166 While Grameen utilized an emergency fund program to prepare
borrowers for natural disasters, many current programs do not provide similar
opportunities. MFIs are not preparing borrowers for income shocks, nor ensuring
that the borrowers they loan to are investing in income-producing items.

   C. Lack of Capacity

 Many people suggest that microfinance has not adequately helped alleviate
poverty because it has not affected enough people and does not have strong
enough financial backing. The founder of SKS Microfinance, India's largest
microfinance institution, argues that the microfinance industry has made a fatal
mistake because it "hasn't scaled large numbers." n167 He extrapolates that
while three billion people survive on less than two dollars a day, "only twenty
percent of the [world's] poor households" have reaped the benefits of
microfinance. n168 He explains that this failure to affect as many people as
possible is because non-profit banking institutions do not have access to enough
capital. n169

   D. Greed & Measuring Success by Profit

 Yunus chastised, "we created microcredit to fight the loan sharks; we didn't
create microcredit to encourage new loan sharks ... Microcredit should be seen
as an opportunity to help people get out of poverty in a business way, but not
as an opportunity to make money out of poor people." n170 Many agree that greed
led to microfinance's current struggle. n171 For-profit companies are making
huge profits - "way above those of most banks, public and private." n172 Experts
are concerned that the profit-motive encourages the poor "to take on more debt
than they can bear." n173 Likewise, some suggest that for-profit microfinance
[*607]  institutions have erred by measuring success in profit, thereby
disregarding the purpose of microfinance institutions. n174 The president of the
Grameen Foundation worries that for-profit companies use profit as their "main
metric of success." n175 Judging success based on profit means that these
companies often ignore crucial development indicators, n176 and ignore such
common-sense necessities such as measuring a borrower's capacity to repay.

   Many organizations simply do not ensure that borrowers will have the eventual
capacity to repay their debts - "critics say avarice and rash business practices
have led to India's micro-credit meltdown." n177 While banks are often cautious
and check that the loans will be used for buying productive assets, private MFIs
have "exploited the existing self-help group network and snared their members
with easier and faster loans." n178 In AP, companies "lend up to $ 450 to a
borrower with few questions asked about what she or he proposes to do with the
loan and without sufficiently examining their capacity to repay." n179 Some
analysts say that for-profit MFIs, "like other high-profit industries" needed
"to aim for high growth" and therefore lent recklessly. n180 Many of the
companies lend repeatedly to the same borrowers, who then cannot repay. n181 As
Vijay Mahan, chairman of a network of private MFIs, explains: "multiple lending,
over-indebtedness, coercive recovery practices and unseemly enrichment by
promoters and senior executives [of microcredit companies] has led to this
situation." n182 He blames "reckless lending and feckless borrowing by
micro-credit companies and villagers respectively." n183

   E. Banks Stopped Lending to MFIs

 Due to bad lending practices in some regions, such as in AP, banks stopped
lending to MFIs, in fear that they will not recover $ 4 billion in loans. n184
As one SKS Microfinance recovery agent declares, "it's not business as usual."
n185 SKS used to have crowded weekly meetings  [*608]  giving out new loans;
now, few customers attend. n186 The company still goes out to meet with clients
on a regular basis and attempts to persuade borrowers to repay their loans. n187
Unfortunately, only a few members are repaying, and "most of them refuse even to
talk to us and attend our calls." n188 In one particular group, the SKS agent
arrived and the self-help group wanted to repay its loans. However, the women
explained that the group had been forbidden to repay by a local politician and
their husbands. n189 The area's political leader arrived and "told the SKS
agents not to harass his neighbors." n190 Recovery in AP has been called
"dismal" n191 and is around 10-20 percent. n192 Because of AP's "mass default"
in loan repayment, commercial banks and investors are nervous about loaning,
which is hurting the overall operations of MFIs. n193

   F. Political Rhetoric Has Exacerbated Problems

 Political rhetoric has aggravated problems with microfinance in AP. Politicians
opposed to microfinance "have already and could again stall loans to the poor,
reversing the progress microfinance institutions have made in India." n194 In
AP, repayment has dropped drastically because politicians have asked borrowers
to stop repaying. n195 People in the government "would say the micro-finance
meltdown serves as a lesson for an industry distorted by "perverse' profit
making and villagers who have borrowed imprudently." n196 Urged by government
officials and campaigning politicians, thousands of borrowers have stopped
repaying, even when they have the money. n197 Politicians "have blamed dozens of
suicides on microlenders" and have urged "borrowers not to pay back what they
owe." n198 For example, former Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu instructed
borrowers not to repay their loans - he "asked women to stop repaying loans
until the government formed a  [*609]  regulator agency to oversee MFIs and
interest rates were lowered from as high as 30 percent." n199

   V. Recommendations for Effective Use of Microfinance

   A. Introduction

 Clearly, there are numerous problems with microfinance as it currently stands.
However, as Sivamma and Jane demonstrate, microfinance has drastically changed
women's lives. n200 Microfinance has had huge successes - it simply needs a
change from the current system. The proffered solutions for strengthening
microfinance are as diverse the plethora of reasons microfinance has been
flailing. The debate on what solutions would help strengthen microfinance is
controversial, with strong advocates on every side. The causes are multi-faceted
and diverse; therefore, they require more than one simple solution.

   B. Act as a "For-profit" to Aid More Borrowers

 Some groups suggest privatizing microfinance. n201 This controversial question
of solutions was recently epitomized when the founder of SKS Microfinance n202
and the president of Grameen Foundation debated what role profit should have in
microfinance. n203 After the debate, the audience was polled on whether SKS's
switch to for-profit represents the "ideal model" for microfinance. n204 Not
surprisingly, "the room was split, with many in the audience remaining
undecided." n205 The debate between for-profit and non-profit MFIs is ongoing.
n206 The private MFIs appear "to be an oligopoly with a handful of companies
dominating the market." n207 However, some people believe that stronger
for-profit microfinance institutions could spread the benefits of microfinance
to more people, therefore alleviating more poverty. n208 The founder of India's
largest microfinance institution,  [*610]  Vikram Akula, explains that when
non-profit banking institutions become for-profit businesses, then they can have
access to more capital. n209 His company, SKS Microfinance, switched from
non-profit to for-profit in the past few years. n210 As he explains, "In twelve
years, we've reached 7.5 million clients," and most of them came since the
change to a for-profit company. n211 Grameen Bank, on the other hand, "today
reaches 8 million clients, but it took the Grameen Bank thirty-five years to do
that." n212 The proponents of for-profit microfinance institutions also suggest
that the profit motive gives them more opportunities for innovation. n213 For
example, "SKS has adopted a couple of innovative models that create mutually
beneficial effects, such as using advertising revenue from the pamphlets SKS
distributes to its customers in order to reduce interest rates." n214

   C. Create Buoyant Markets

 One of the difficulties in microfinance is that borrowers need access to
"buoyant markets," n215 those with "plenty of trading activity," and where
"prices are rising, rather than falling." n216 If a borrower is given a small
sum of money to start a business but has no buyers to sell his products to, then
the borrower's business is bound to fail. n217 Therefore, academics and
entrepreneurs alike have been taking novel approaches to creating markets for
borrowers. n218 The entrepreneurial proponents of this ideology support
"capitalism as a force that can benefit the poor." n219 For example, William
Bissell, the "ethnicool entrepreneur," n220  [*611]  runs a business and
provides trade support in India, with the mission of "creating a link between
those far-flung craftspeople and urban markets." n221 Bissell manages Fabindia,
a self-proclaimed "profitable business which conducts itself responsibly in the
social context." n222 Bissell thought that he could help India's poor by
expanding the domestic retail market rather than by focusing on exports. n223
The company sells over 90 percent of its goods in India, but also has stores
abroad in such places as Rome, Italy; Guangzhou, China; and Dubai, UAE. n224
Bissell's method of using for-profit companies to increase access to trade could
be controversial, but in this instance, it can add revenue to an India-based
company, provide work, and create more buoyant markets for India's craftsmen.
n225

   Numerous other organizations, both for-profit n226 and non-profit, n227 have
provided borrowers with access to markets. n228 Through the concept of
"microtrade," n229 academia has taken a similar approach n230 to  [*612]
helping borrowers reach buoyant markets. Professor Lee defines "microtrade" as
"international trade of small quantities of locally-produced products (LPPs)
produced on a small scale." n231 Essentially, microtrade would provide an online
database where merchants, many borrowing from MFIs, could sell their products to
buoyant markets. It would enable the residents of least-developed countries
(LDCs) to export their local products to more affluent markets in developed
countries. n232 This theory would provide a market to borrowers in developing
countries, while offering other logistical support. n233 A microtrade
organization would coordinate the "managing the online database for microtrade,
monitoring microtrade activities, and assisting parties to microtrade by
creating a favorable regulatory and economic environment for microtrade in
cooperation with sovereign states, relevant international organizations such as
the WTO, NGOs, and private corporations." n234 This logistical support would
make access to buoyant markets much more feasible for borrowers in developing
countries. n235

   D. Increase Group Borrowing

 Grameen Bank attributed much of its repayment success to group lending, n236
proving through its success that MFIs should implement "social capital" more
frequently. n237 Group lending is easy to execute; borrowers simply form groups
and then co-borrow. n238 If an individual in the group defaults on a loan, the
rest of the group is held liable and is unable to receive future credit. n239
This takes the credit risk from the bank and gives it to the borrowers, who can
then hold co-borrowers accountable. n240 History proves that "by utilizing this
unique group lending approach in conjunction with a formalized regulatory and
supervisory framework ... the creation of self sufficient, sustainable,  [*613]
MFIs is completely within the realm of possibility." n241 Many scholars propose
that instituting more self-help groups (SHGs) n242 and group borrowing would
improve the microfinance system. n243

   The Maharashtra Rural Credit Project (MRCP), for example, found that its most
successful work was in SHGs because it made credit delivery to the rural poor
more sustainable and empowered women, by allowing for more women to borrow. n244
Creating SHGs among village neighbors and friends based on affinity and trust
gave borrowers the opportunity to practice group money management. n245 SHGs
"provided a channel for pooling tiny savings which would otherwise have not even
been noticed or used less productively." n246 The organization concluded that
their most successful work in microfinance was that of developing SHGs and
strengthening their links to banks because this made rural credit delivery a
sustainable endeavor and allowed for more empowerment of women. n247 A project
in AP had similarly successful results utilizing social capital. n248 Like MRCP,
the AP project concluded that SHGs were crucial in creating a sustainable method
for microcredit and in promoting women's empowerment. n249

[*614]

   E. Change the MFI Model

 Experts suggest that MFIs have no choice but to "review and recast their
business model" in AP. n250 This does not apply solely to AP; the MFI model must
be updated in other places where microfinance is flailing. n251 Specifically,
they need to "work more on product diversification," and in the future,
"micro-lenders will have to adopt a different model." n252 Some MFIs have
already begun this process. n253 One option for changing the model is to
incorporate "microsavings." n254 Some scholars suggest that microsavings are
"just as important to the sustainability of MFIs" as microloans. n255
Microsavings are defined as small accounts for deposits "to lower income
families or individuals as an incentive to store funds for future use." n256
While the concept often takes the backseat to microloans and many MFIs do not
currently incorporate microsavings services, experts project that "if given the
opportunity, microfinance clients would utilize these services." n257 Experts
purport that "mobilizing these small savings funds may be the key to creating
self-sufficient, sustainable MFIs that can function without the help of NGOs or
foreign donors." n258

   F. Restructure Loan Repayment

 One suggestion than many seem to agree on, and MFIs suggest, is that
restructuring the loan repayments could improve the relationship between
borrowers and the industry. Vijay Mahajan, head of a group of for-profit MFIs,
recommends loan restructuring - "he recommends that loans of 20 percent of the
worst-affected borrowers be restructured and the payment periods stretched."
n259 Other MFIs have embraced this concept as well. n260 "The biggest lenders
who account for the majority of  [*615]  borrowing say they will cap their rates
at around 24 percent and form a fund to help troubled borrowers reschedule their
loan payments." n261 Restructuring loan repayments could also be
government-mandated; if the government regulated loan repayment, MFIs would
likely work towards compliance. n262

   G. Utilize Technology for Social & Educational Benefits

 Numerous projects have shown that utilizing technology can provide greater
financial access to people in developing countries, n263 and it can also provide
numerous other educational and social benefits for borrowers. For example,
Grameen Bank n264 created a nonprofit Internet provider to "make the Internet
available to educational and research institutions." n265 Through this program,
borrowers had the opportunity to benefit from the latest innovations in their
fields, without unnecessarily wasting time and money trying earlier products and
methods in their businesses. n266 The idea allowed for "rapid social change" in
rural areas because it linked isolated women, that otherwise would have had
difficulty sharing ideas. n267 Additionally, it prevents villagers from wasting
effort "getting messages to dispersed family members" because they could
communicate through the Internet. n268 Lastly, it helped to quickly address
"income shocks," like natural disasters, because it allowed for villagers to
deal quickly with emergencies. n269

[*616]

   H. Utilize Technology & Government to Increase Financial Access

 Financial access is crucial for borrowers; however, they often have difficulty
accessing their banks. n270 Banking technology that allows "banking without the
need for a bank branch" could solve this dilemma. n271 Numerous companies now
use cell phones to provide banking services. n272 To provide greater financial
access, Kenya's M-Pesa used cell phones for banking and "has turned 16,900 phone
vendors into banking agents." n273 Even though Kenya is "a country with fewer
than 1,500 physical bank branches," M-Pesa now has 11.9 million customers, which
comprises around 54 percent of Kenya's adult population. n274 Using phone
vendors as banking agents greatly decreases costs, n275 so banks "can operate in
locales with far fewer users." n276 This idea of utilizing mobile communication
for banking is picking up international steam. n277 In 2008, "there were 4
billion mobile subscribers worldwide," while "the global population over age 15
is only 4.9 billion," suggesting that "it is now plausible to imagine universal
access to basic financial services." n278 Government support has proved to be a
critical tool in the proliferation of wireless banking. n279 Governments can act
as alternative banks for borrowers. n280 "Governments [already] make regular
payments to at least 170 million poor people worldwide - far more than the 99
million or so who have active microloans." n281 Government-to-person payments
"have the  [*617]  potential to become a vehicle for extending financial
inclusion and improving the welfare of poor people." n282

   I. Increased Regulation & Government Support

 Increased government support and regulation is also crucial in other contexts.
n283 Many scholars argue that increased regulation is the answer, n284 and even
governments agree that microlending needs government support. n285 However,
opponents of increased regulation believe restricting freedom for MFIs is
damaging to the MFIs. n286 As USAID has said, the goal of MFI reform or
regulatory framework "should be to create an environment that supports the
expansion of financial services to the poor, thereby increasing access." n287
Many MFIs purport that "regulation is essential for MFIs looking to fund
themselves," some think "regulation will promote their business and improve
their operations," while others believe "regulation is key in speeding the
emergence of sustainable MFIs." n288 Local governments often also support a
stronger regulatory framework, as they "are sometimes troubled by the weakness
of many MFIs, and unimpressed with the coordination and supervision being
exercised by the donors who fund them." n289 Therefore, they would like "someone
to step in and  [*618]  clean up a situation that they think is hurting the
development of microfinance in their country." n290

   J. Andhra Pradesh Utilized a Regulatory Framework

 AP recently approved microfinance regulations, in an attempt to improve
microlending. Politicians and critics have accused MFIs of "using coercive
practices to recover loans from overleveraged customers," and claimed MFIs were
"held responsible for suicides by debt-burdened borrowers." n291 In response to
this onslaught of criticism and the suicide epidemic, "the panicky state
government has pushed through a tough new law that seeks to regulate the
industry, much to the latter's consternation." n292 In October of 2010, AP
"passed an ordinance - which later became law - tightening regulation of
microfinance companies that lend to the unbanked poor" after MFIs were "accused
of exploiting by charging high interest rates." n293 "The regulations require
that all microfinance institutions register with the government, restrict the
total interest payments charged from exceeding the amount of the loan, ban the
taking of security for loans and impose penalties of jail time and hefty fines
for coercing borrowers with strong-handed techniques." n294 The law has changed
collection practices, prohibiting "companies from accepting weekly repayments"
and demanding "clearance from local authorities to extend a second loan to a
borrower." n295 It put loan applications "under government scrutiny," asked
lenders to stop "doorstop lending," and switched "from a weekly to a monthly
loan recovery system." n296 India has followed suit in regulating microfinance
companies. n297

   K. Conclusion on Recommendations

 It is clear that a multi-faceted approach will be required to fully address all
the difficulties with microlending. There is no one simple solution for
addressing the problem. Multiple approaches are required to adequately aid
microfinance institutions. Luckily, in AP, MFIs and borrowers alike have agreed
that change needs to occur and they have agreed to participate. While it is too
soon to tell how the new  [*619]  regulations in AP will influence the industry,
it is clear that the government is making a concerted effort to address all the
difficulties. With the continued support of NGOs and government institutions, a
continued influx of capital, and global interest, there is no doubt that there
is hope for the microfinance industry.

   VI. Conclusion

 Microfinance, as it currently stands, is clearly facing adversity. The suicide
epidemic of borrowers in AP indicates that microfinance is flawed as it stands,
but this does not mean that microfinance as an institution is dead. As Grameen
Bank's beginnings demonstrate, microfinance has the ability to greatly aid the
world's poor and to stimulate development. As Sivamma, Jane, and the millions of
other women supported and empowered through microfinance demonstrate,
microfinance is still thriving. In spite of microfinance's flaws, if
microfinance institutions, governments, and non-profit organizations implement
some of the recommendations, microfinance will continue to be used to achieve
the MDGs and help women like Jane sew their way out of poverty.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawBank ActivitiesSecuritiesNonbank BanksInternational LawSovereign
States & IndividualsHuman RightsGeneral OverviewPublic Health & Welfare
LawHealthcareGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Indian Microlenders Facing Crisis, Warns Industry, Financial Express (Dec.
12, 2010) [hereinafter Indian Microlenders Facing Crisis],
http://www.thefinancialexpress-bd.com/more.php?news_id=119980.





n2.  Saritha Rai, Tiny Loans Have Big Impact on Poor, N. Y. Times (Apr. 12,
2004),
http://www.nytimes.com/2004/04/12/business/tiny-loans-have-big-impact-on-poor.ht
ml.





n3.  Id.





n4.  Id. ("When the women travel to the nearby villages with the small toys that
she buys for them, small children greet them and exchange handfuls of hair for
the toys.").





n5.  Id.





n6.  Id.





n7.  Nicholas D. Kristof, Sewing Her Way Out of Poverty, N.Y. Times (Sept. 14,
2011),
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/09/15/opinion/kristof-sewing-her-way-out-of-poverty.
html.





n8.  Id.





n9.  Id.





n10.  Id.





n11.  Id.





n12.  Id. (noting that Jane's son is also "a star soccer player even though he
has no soccer shoes.").





n13.  Id.





n14.  What is Microcredit, The Microcredit Summit Campaign, http://www.micro
creditsummit.org/about/what_is_microcredit/ (last visited Apr. 9, 2012)
[hereinafter Microcredit Summit].





n15.  The Microfinance Alliance defines "microfinance" as "financial services
targeting and catering to clients who are excluded from the traditional
financial system on account of their lower economic status." B. Seth McNew,
Regulation and Supervision of Microfinance Institutions: A Proposal for a
Balanced Approach, 15 L. & Bus. Rev. Ams. 287, 290 (2009) (internal quotation
marks omitted).





n16.  Microcredit Summit, supra note 14.





n17.  Micro Credit Law & Legal Definition, USLegal, Inc., http://definitions.us
legal.com/m/micro-credit/ (last visited Apr. 11, 2012).





n18.  See Eric Bellman & Arlene Chang, India's Major Crisis in Microlending,
Wall St. J. (Oct. 28, 2010),
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB100014240527023043164045 75580663294846100.html.





n19.  Id.





n20.  McNew, supra note 15, at 290-91.





n21.  Rebecca Farrer, Exploring the Human Rights Implications of Microfinance
Initiatives, 36 Int'l J. Legal Info. 447, 448 n.1 (2008).





n22.  See id. at 453.





N23.  Id. at 455; see also Jameel Jaffer, Microfinance and the Mechanics of
Solidarity Lending: Improving Access to Credit Through Innovations in Contract
Structure, 9 J. Transnat'l L. & Pol'y 183, 198; Yoko Miyashita, Lessons from
Indonesia's Village Banking System, 10 Pac. Rim. L. & Pol'y 147, 198 (Dec.
2000).





n24.  See Farrer, supra note 21, at 455-56.





n25.  Widespread Community Impact in Andhra Pradesh, The World Bank,
http://web.worldbank.org/WBSITE/EXTERNAL/EXTABOUTUS/IDA/0,,
contentMDK:22331408[#x7E]menuPK:3266877[#x7E]pagePK:51236175&d
iff;piPK:437394[#x7E]theSitePK:73154,00.html (last updated Sept. 2009).





n26.  See id.





n27.  See Farrer, supra note 21, at 456; Rashmi Dyal-Chand, Reflection in a
Distant Mirror: Why the West Has Misperceived the Grameen Bank's Vision of
Microcredit, 41 Stan. J. Int'l L. 217, 263 (2005).





n28.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 456; see also Dyal-Chand, supra note 27, at 263
(describing "a defaulting female borrower who was locked by bank workers inside
a bank building as punishment ... because the woman faced shame, social
ostracism, and violence, she hanged herself inside the bank building.").





n29.  See Soutik Biswas, India's Micro-finance Suicide Epidemic, BBC News (Dec.
16, 2010), http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-11997571.





n30.  The History of Microfinance, Globalenvision.org (Apr. 14, 2006),
http://www.globalenvision.org/library/4/1051/.





n31.  Laura Brandt et al., Lending Methodoloy Module, 53 The Russia Microfinance
Project 1, 1, 4 (utilizing their module, invented from structure and content
borrowed from chapter 6 of C. Waterfield & A. Duval, CARE Savings and Credit
Sourcebook (1996)).





n32.  Thomas Sheridan, The Life of the Rev. Dr. Jonathan Swift 234 (2d ed.
1787).





n33.  Aidan Hollis & Arthur Sweetman, The Life-cycle of a Microfinance
Institution: The Irish Loan Funds, 46 J. Econ. Behav. & Org. 291, 296 (2001)
(internal quotation marks omitted).





n34.  Edward S. Prescott, Group Lending and Financial Intermediation: An
Example, 83 Econ. Q. 23, 29 (1997).





n35.  See infra pp. 594-96 and note 37.





n36.  Prescott, supra note 34, at 23.





n37.  A Short History of Grameen Bank, Grameen Bank: Bank for the Poor,
http://www.grameeninfo.org/index.php?option=com_content
&task=view&id=19&Itemid=114 (last visited Apr. 4, 2012).





n38.  Muhammad Yunus, Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle Against
World Poverty vii (PublicAffairs 2007) (1997).





n39.  Id. at vii-viii.





n40.  A Short History of Grameen Bank, supra note 37.





n41.  Is Grameen Bank Different from Conventional Banks?, Grameen Bank: Bank for
the Poor (Oct., 2011),
http://www.grameen-info.org/index.php?option=com_content&task
=view&id=27&Itemid=176.





n42.  McNew, supra note 15, at 293.





n43.  For example, "in 1987, devastating floods hit Bangladesh and caused" them
"serious losses." Yunus, supra note 38, at 218.





n44.  This protection against income shocks would have been useful in the recent
ruined crop in Bangladesh - "after the total destruction of their crops,"
villagers are unable to repay their loans, "yet the microfinance organizations
continue to collect the installments." James Melik, Microcredit "Death Trap' for
Bangladesh's Poor, BBC News, http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-11664632 (last
updated Nov. 2, 2010).





n45.  Yunus, supra note 38, at 229.





n46.  Id. at 228-29.





n47.  Historical Data Series in USD, Grameen Bank: Bank for the Poor,
http://www.grameeninfo.org/index.php?option=com_content&
task=view&id=177&Itemid=144 (last visited Apr. 2, 2012).





n48.  Id.





n49.  Id.





n50.  Rajdeep Sengupta & Craig P. Aubuchon, The Microfinance Revolution: An
Overview, 90 Fed. Res. Bank of St. Louis Rev. 9, 9 (2008) [hereinafter The
Microfinance Revolution].





n51.  Historical Data Series in USD, supra note 47.





n52.  Id.





n53.  Michelle Nichols, "Banker to the Poor" Gives New York Women a Boost,
Grameen Bank: Bank for the Poor (Apr. 23, 2009),
http://www.grameen.com/index.php?option=
com_content&task=view&id=589&Itemid=199.





n54.  The Microfinance Revolution, supra note 50, at 11.





n55.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 18; The Nobel Peace Prize 2006, Grameen Bank:
Bank for the Poor (Oct. 13, 2006),
http://www.grameen-info.org/index.php?option=com_
content&task=view&id=197&Itemid=197.





n56.  Neil MacFarquhar, Banks Making Big Profits from Tiny Loans, N.Y. Times,
Apr. 13, 2010, http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/14/world/14microfinance.html?pag
ewanted =all.





n57. " Microlending abroad has become a hotly recognized and discussed topic in
recent years, mainly through the successes of Nobel Prize laureate Muhammad
Yunus and his international Grameen Bank." Olivia L. Walker, The Future of
Microlending in the United States: A Shift from Charity to Profits?, 6 Ohio St.
Entrepreneurial Bus. L.J. 383, 384 (2011).





n58. " Natalie Portman and Michael Douglas lent their boldface names to the
cause." MacFarquhar, supra note 56. President Clinton championed microfinance in
1997. Vikas Bajaj, Microlenders, Honored with Nobel, Are Struggling, N.Y. Times
(Jan. 5, 2011), http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/06/business/global/06micro.html?
pagewanted=all.





n59.  David Bornstein, Microfinance Under Fire, N.Y. Times Opinionator (Mar. 21,
2011), http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/03/21/microfinance-under-fire/;
see infra note 107; Biswas, supra note 29; Soutik Biswas, Crisis Hits India's
Small Loans Industry, BBC News,
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-12035909 (last updated Dec. 21,
2010).





n60. " Clearly, microfinance programs have an impact on human rights ... .
Microfinance has great potential to empower people economically and engage women
in developing nations in the global economy in ways they have never been
involved before." Farrer, supra note 21, at 480.





n61.  Tina Rosenberg, When Microcredit Won't Do, N.Y. Times Opinionator (Jan.
31, 2011),
http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/01/31/when-microcredit-wont-do/.





n62.  Mark Pickens et al., Banking the Poor via G2P Payments, 58 CGAP 1, 1
(2009), http://www.cgap.org/gm/document-1.9.41174/FN58.pdf (citing Fred M.
Ssewamala et al., A Novel Economic Intervention to Reduce HIV Risks Among
School-Going AIDS Orphans in Rural Uganda, 42 J. of Adolescent Health 102
(2008); Martha A. Chen & Donald Snodgrass, Managing Resources, Activities, and
Risk in Urban India: The Impact of SEWA Bank (2001),
pdf.usaid.gov/pdf_docs/PNACN571.pdf; Michael W. Sherraden, Assets and the poor:
A new American Welfare Policy (1991)).





n63.  Obinna Chima, Africa: Experts Harp on Microcredit for Poverty Eradication,
AllAfrica.com (Dec. 26, 2011), http://allafrica.com/stories/201112260222.html.





n64.  Deborah K. Dunn & Gary Chartier, Pursuing the Millennium Goals at the
Grassroots: Selecting Development Projects Serving Rural Women in Sub-Saharan
Africa, 15 UCLA Women's L.J. 71, 71 (2006); see U.N. Millennium Development
Goals, http://www.un.org/millenniumgoals/ (last visited Apr. 17, 2012).





n65.  Dunn & Chartier, supra note 64, at 71-72; see U.N. Millennium Development
Goals, supra note 64.





n66.  Dunn & Chartier, supra note 64, at 71-72 n. 5; see U.N. Millennium
Development Goals, supra note 64.





n67.  Dunn & Chartier, supra note 64, at 71-72.





n68. " States' pre-existing treaty obligations commit them, in many cases, to
implementing the MDGs as a matter of international law." Dunn & Chartier, supra
note 64, at 72-73. ("These include the International Covenant on Economic,
Social, and Cultural Rights (ICESCR), the Convention on the Elimination of All
Forms of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW), the Convention on the Elimination
of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (CERD), the Convention on the Rights of
the Child (CRC), and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights
(ICCPR).").





n69.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 451 ("The United Nations declared 2005 the
International Year of Microcredit.").





n70.  Dunn & Chartier, supra note 64, at 82; Helen Hambly, Grassroots Indicators
for Sustainable Development, 23 IDRC Rep. (1997),
http://archive.idrc.ca/books/reports /V231/susdev.html.





n71.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 451.





n72.  Id.





n73.  Id.





n74.  Id., at 457; Rachel Errett Figura, An End to Poverty Through Microlending:
An Examination of the Need for Credit by Poor, Rural Women and the Success of
Microlending Programs, 8 New Eng. Int'l & Comp. L. Ann. 157, 172 (2002).





n75.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 451; Lisa Avery, Microcredit Extension in the
Wake of Conflict: Rebuilding the Lives and Livelihoods of Women and Children
Affected by War, 12 Geo. J. on Poverty L. & Pol'y 205, 224 (2005).





n76.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 451; Jay Lee, Note: Equity and Innovation: Using
Traditional Islamic Banking Models to Reinvigorate Microlending in Urban
America, 16 Ind. Int'l & Comp. L. Rev. 523, 524 (2006).





n77.  Ashley Hubka & Rida Zaidi, Impact of Government Regulation on
Microfinance: Improving the Investment Climate for Growth and Poverty Reduction
4, 4-5 (2005) (paper prepared for the World Development Report),
http://siteresources.worldbank.org/ INTWDR2005/Resources/Hubka_Zaidi_Impact_of
_Government_Regulation.pdf.





n78.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 18.





n79.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 458 (citing Dyal-Chanda, supra note 27, at 258).





n80.  See Charles Kenny, Big is Beautiful: Financial Access is Key to Helping
the World's Poor - and Tech-Savvy Big Banks, not Microcreditors, are our Best
Hope for Providing it, Foreign Policy, Jan 18, 2011, at 2,
http://www.foreignpolicy.com/ articles/2011/01/18/big_is_beautiful?page=0,1.





n81.  Id.





n82.  CS Reddy & Sandeep Manak, Self-Help Groups: A Keystone of Microfinance in
India - Women Empowerment & Social Security, APMAS: Towards a Sustainable
Self-Help Movement in India 13 (2005), available at http://www.aptsource.in/
admin/resources/1273818040_SHGs-keystone-paper.pdf; A project in Andhra Pradesh
used SHGs to improve the community through such means as exposing corruption,
managing group activities, and fostering community leadership. U.N. Econ. &
Social Commission for Asia and the Pac., Bulletin on Asia-Pacific Perspectives:
Empowering Women Through Self-Help Microcredit Programmes vi (2003/03)
[hereinafter Empowering Women Through Self-Help],
http://www.unescap.org/pdd/publications/bulletin2002/ch6.pdf.





n83.  Grameen Bank takes a holistic approach to alleviating poverty through
development; Grameen uses a portion of its profit for infrastructure,
development, and charity. A portion of the profits go to social benefits, such
as "student loans for the client's children, go to a beggar's program for the
ultra-poor, and go to dividends to its owners, the poor women who borrow from
it." Kenny, supra note 80; Philip Willner, Can the Profit Motive Improve
Microfinance?, Asia Society (Oct. 25, 2010), http://asiasociety.org/
business-economics/development/can-profit-motive-improve-microfinance
(describing the actions of the Grameen bank as a holistic approach to
alleviating poverty through development; Grameen uses a portion of its profit
for infrastructure, development, and charity. A portion of the profits go to
social benefits, such as "student loans for the client's children, go to a
beggars program for the ultra-poor, and go to dividends to its owners, the poor
women who borrow from it.").





n84.  See Farrer, supra note 21, at 450.





n85.  Id. at 475; "Grameen Bank estimates that 97% of their borrowers are female
but the same difficulties in calculating the number of microfinance loans
present in ascertaining specific numbers." Id. at 475, n. 137 (citing Grameen
Bank, http://www.grameen-info.org).





n86.  Jan P. Maes & Larry R. Reed, State of the Microcredit Summit Campaign
Report 2012, Microcredit Summit Campaign 36 (2012) ("Of the 137.5 million
poorest clients reached at the end of 2010, 82.3 percent (113.1 million) are
women.").





n87.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 452; Figura, supra note 74, at 159.





n88.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 452 ("It is common is several parts of the
developing world for women to be responsible for providing food and water for
their families.").





n89.  Id.





n90.  Naila Kabeer, Gender Equality and Women's Empowerment: A Critical Analysis
of the third Millennium Development Goal, Gender & Dev. 13, Mar. 2005, at 13,
http://pages.uoregon.edu/aweiss/intl421_521/Sweetman%201 3-24.pdf.





n91.  Id.





n92.  Id. at 18.





n93.  Id.





n94.  Id.





n95.  Id.





n96.  Empowering Women Through Self-Help, supra note 82.





n97.  Lee, supra note 76 (quoting the founder of the Women's World Banking
stating, "Credit for women is our right and we must fight for it.").





n98.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 452-53 ("Microfinance has also been advanced as
an excellent way to involve women in the global economy, with a particular focus
in women in developing countries who have traditionally been limited in their
access to and participation in economic markets.").





n99.  See discussion supra Part II.C-D; see discussion infra Part IV.B-C.





n100.  Reddy & Manak, supra note 82, at 12.





n101.  Id.





n102.  Reddy & Manak, supra note 82.





n103.  Katherine Driscoll, Comment, Microcredit: Not Yet a Panacea to End
Trafficking in Women, 13 U. Pa. J. Bus. L. 275, 297 (2010).





n104.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 479-80; Avery supra note 75, at 224.





n105.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 479.





n106.  Id. at 480.





n107.  Kenny, supra note 80.





n108.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 18.





n109.  Bangladesh ordered Muhammad Yunus to be removed from serving as managing
director of Grameen Bank. Bornstein, supra note 59.





n110.  Kenny, supra note 80.





n111.  Id.





n112.  More specifically, "after years of steady global growth rates of 25
percent, MFIs from every region saw their borrower base expand more slowly in
2008 in all but a handful of markets." Nigerian MFI Among Top Global 100 MFIs,
Microfinance Africa (Sept. 13, 2010),
http://microfinanceafrica.net/tag/self-reliance-economic-advancement-programme/
(MIX's 2009 ranking "surveyed 955 institutions from nearly 100 countries.").





n113.  Anita Bhoir, 10 Indian MFIs in Global Top 100 Ranking, Livemint.com &
Wall St. J. (Dec. 26, 2008),
http://www.livemint.com/2008/12/26224810/10-Indian-MFIs-in-global-top-1.html.





n114. " With its giant population and hundreds of millions of people living in
poverty," it "is one of the most important markets." Bellman & Chang, supra note
18.





n115.  Top 100 Microfinance Institutions in the World, India Microfinance (Aug.
23, 2010), http://indiamicrofinance.com/top-100-mfi-world.html (explaining that
an ideal MFI would be "a financially sound institution" that expands "outreach
to clients at the lowest possible cost," and does so "in the public arena so
that others may learn from the experience." MIX's ranking methodology
incorporates "strong growth without compromising credit risk, improving
efficiency without compromising portfolio quality, and expanding access while
still offering an array of services.").





n116.  Id. at 5.





n117.  Biswas, supra note 29.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Financial Performance of Indian MFIs in 2010 - Sa Dhan Report, Indian
Microfinance (Oct. 25, 2010),
http://indiamicrofinance.com/financial-performance-of-indian-mfis.html.





n120. " Mainstream Indian and international banks have backed the microlending
industry in India with more than $ 4 billion of loans this year, with
private-equity funds pouring more than $ 250 million into the industry in India
last year alone." Bellman & Chang, supra note 18.





n121.  Biswas, supra note 59 (MFIs have given away over $ 7bn in loans to
borrowers in India, and accounts for "nearly half of the loans.").





n122.  Id.





n123.  Id.





n124.  Biswas, supra note 29.





n125. " Annual interest rates vary from 24-30% compared with the 36-120% charged
by usurious money lenders." Id.





n126.  Melik, supra note 44.





n127.  Id.





n128.  Id.





n129.  Id.





n130.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 18.





n131.  Melik, supra note 44.





n132.  Biswas, supra note 29.





n133.  Id.





n134.  Id.





n135.  Id.





n136.  Id.





n137.  Biswas, supra note 29.





n138.  Id.





n139.  Id.





n140.  Id.





n141.  Biswas, supra note 59.





n142.  Biswas, supra note 29.





n143.  Biswas, supra note 59.





n144.  Id.





n145.  Id.





n146.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 18.





n147.  Indian Microlenders Facing Crisis, supra note 1.





n148.  Id.





n149.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 18.





n150.  Willner, supra note 83.





n151.  Indian Microlenders Facing Crisis, supra note 1.





n152.  See Willner, supra note 83.





n153.  See id.





n154.  Microfinance Information exchange, 2009 MIX Global 100: Ranking of
Microfinance Institutions, Inc. 3 (Jan. 2010), available at http://www.the
mix.org/sites/default/files/2009%20MIX%20Global%20100%20Composi te.pdf.





n155.  Id. at 3-4.





n156.  Unfortunately, "the difference in India is that the borrowers are even
poorer, with zero social security." "India's micro-finance crisis mirrors the
2008 subprime mortgage meltdown in the US, where finance companies threw cheap
and easy loans at homebuyers until prices crashed and borrowers were unable to
sell their homes or pay their debts." Biswas, supra note 59.





n157.  Id.





n158.  Id.





n159.  Id.





n160.  See id.





n161.  Id.





n162.  Id.





n163.  Id.





n164.  Id.





n165.  Id.





n166.  Id.





n167.  Willner, supra note 83.





n168.  Id.





n169.  Id.





n170.  MacFarquhar, supra note 56.





n171. " At the root of it, many say, is the increasing greed of the private
microfinance industry in India." Biswas, supra note 59. Some camps say that MFI
interest rates are often as high as money-lenders, which defeats "the supposed
purpose of micro-credit, with all its talk about improving the lives of the
poor." Biswas, supra note 29.





n172.  Biswas, supra note 59. SKS Microfinance, for example, "raised more than $
350m on the stock market [in August 2010]." Between 2007-2008, "private equity
players pumped $ 100m into India's private micro-credit companies." Id.





n173.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 18.





n174.  Willner, supra note 83.





n175.  Id.





n176.  See id.





n177.  Biswas, supra note 59.





n178.  Id. Quoting Reddy Subramanyam, Andhra Pradesh's most senior rural
development official.





n179.  Id.





n180.  Id.





n181.  See id.





n182.  Biswas, supra note 29.





n183.  Biswas, supra note 59.





n184.  Biswas, supra note 29.





n185.  Vishwanath Pilla, Six Months on, Loan Defaults Mount, Livemint.com & Wall
St. J. (Apr. 25, 2011),
http://www.livemint.com/2011/04/25223809/Six-months-on-loan-defaults-m.html.





n186.  Id.





n187.  Id.





n188.  Id.





n189.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 18.





n190.  Id.





n191.  Pilla, supra note 185.





n192.  Id.





n193.  When MFIs borrow from banks, and are then unable to repay the banks, the
MFIs become the defaulters, and banks become more reluctant to lend to them.
Indian Microlenders Facing Crisis, supra note 1.





n194.  Willner, supra note 83.





n195.  Biswas, supra note 59.





n196.  Id.





n197.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 18.





n198.  Id.





n199.  Pilla, supra note 185.





n200.  Kristof, supra note 7; Rai, supra note 2.





n201.  See, e.g., Willner, supra note 83; Walker, supra note 57, at 393 ("In
order to move forward, microfinance must transform into an industry.").





n202.  SKS Microfinance is one of "two major microlending organizations [that]
have transitioned from traditional non-profits to for-profit corporations being
traded on the public market." Walker, supra note 57, at 384-85; Bruce Einhorn, A
Microfinance IPO in India, Bloomberg Businessweek (May 6, 2010),
http://www.business week.com/magazine/content/10_20/b4178016201790.htm.





n203.  Willner, supra note 83.





n204.  Id.





n205.  Id.





n206.  See Biswas, supra note 59. This battle is particularly important in
India, where "some 50 of the country's 1,000-odd micro-finance institutions are
privately owned." Id.





n207.  Id.





n208.  Willner, supra note 83.





n209.  Id.





n210.  Id.





n211.  Id.





n212.  Id.





n213.  Id.





n214.  Id.





n215.  Biswas, supra note 59; Farrer, supra note 21 ("Another way to support
women who have started businesses is by helping them gain greater access to
global markets.").





n216.  Definition of Buoyant Market, QFinance,
http://www.qfinance.com/dictionary/ buoyant-market (last visited May 4, 2012).





n217.  As Professor Lee explains in the context of microtrade, "all trade,
including microtrade, can take place only when there is a demand for goods to be
supplied in trade." Yong-Shik Lee, Theoretical Basis and Regulatory Framework
for Microtrade: Combining Volunteerism with International Trade Towards Poverty
Elimination, The Law & Dev. Inst. (Oct. 2010),
http://www.lawanddevelopment.net/yslee_microtrade _october2010.pdf [hereinafter
Framework for Microtrade].





n218.  Naazneen Karmali, Fabindia, Forbes (Feb. 16, 2009),
http://www.forbes.com/ global/2009/0216/024a.html; Terry M. Dworkin & Cindy A.
Schipani, Linking Gender Equity to Peaceful Societies, 44 Am. Bus. L.J. 391, 406
n.78 (2007) (citing Keiko Morris, Macy's Sells Rwandan "Peace Baskets," Knight
Rider Trib. Bus. News (Mar. 15, 2006), at 1); Framework for Microtrade, supra
note 217, at 8 n.33.





n219.  Karmali, supra note 218.





n220.  Seema Chowdhry, William N. Bissell: The Ethnicool Entrepreneur,
Livemint.com & Wall St. J. (Mar. 1, 2008),
http://www.livemint.com/2008/03/01004930/William-N-Bissell-- The-ethni.html.





n221.  Karmali, supra note 218.





n222.  Chowdhry, supra note 220.





n223.  Id.





n224.  Id.





n225.  Bissell's "successive sales targets" from 2002-2007 were reached, and his
2007 goal is "attaining revenues of $ 192 million a year." Karmali, supra note
218.





n226.  Farrer, supra note 21, at 485 (Macy's sells products that are handmade by
Rwandan women. "For the Rwandan artisans and entrepreneurs, access to Macy's
customer base greatly expands the market for their products ... .") (citing
Dworkin & Schipani, supra note 218, at 391 n.78 and Keiko Morris, Macy's Sells
Rwandan "Peace Baskets," Knight Rider Trib. Bus. News, Mar. 15, 2006, at 1);
About Us, Global Girlfriend,
http://www.globalgirlfriend.com/store/ggf/support/aboutus?1 (Global Girlfriend
is a "fair-trade boutique [that] offers a line of trend-setting, women-made,
fair-trade products including stylish apparel, accessories and gifts with one
purpose - helping women in need help themselves").





n227.  See, e.g., Kiva, http://www.kiva.org/ (last visited May 4, 2012).





n228.  Additionally, social enterprise approaches show enormous potential for
providing greater access to markets. "Social enterprise describes any
non-profit, for-profit or hybrid corporate form that utilizes market-based
strategies to advance a social mission." Farrer, supra note 21, at 487; see
Social Enterprise Alliance, http://www.se-alliance.org/ (last visited May 2,
2012).





n229. " The theory of microtrade was first developed in 2008 by Professor Y.S.
Lee with support from the University of Hong Kong Faculty of Law." Origins of
Microtrade Theory, The Law & Dev. Inst.,
http://www.lawanddevelopment.net/microtrade.php (last visited May 3, 2012).





n230. " Elements of microtrade have also been discussed and put into practice by
others. For example, some non-profit organizations, such as Oxfam, have been
selling products from developing countries at their stores in developed
countries." Id. "A score of individual stores in developed countries, such as
those of Oxfam, sell hand-made goods from developing countries and return
profits to the developing country producers. The microtrade scheme proposes to
organize and systemize these efforts on a global scale with the assistance of an
open online database and financial devices such as microfinance... ." Framework
for Microtrade, supra note 217, at n.33.





n231.  Framework for Microtrade, supra note 217.





n232.  See Id. at n.33.





n233.  As Professor Lee explains, "many of the problems facing microtrade such
as lack of market information and difficulties with shipping and transportation
may indeed be found in trade from developing countries in general." Id. at n.34.





n234.  Id. at 15.





n235.  Microtrade utilizes microfinance and could help to alleviate numerous
difficulties associated with microfinance. While further analysis of microtrade
is outside of the scope of this paper, more information is available. See
Framework for Microtrade, supra note 217.





n236.  The Microfinance Revolution, supra note 50.





n237.  McNew, supra note 15, at 294; see generally Reddy & Manak, supra note 82;
see The Microfinance Revolution, supra note 50, at 12.





n238.  See The Microfinance Revolution, supra note 50, at 12.





n239.  Id.





n240.  Id.





n241.  McNew, supra note 15, at 294.





n242.  SHGs are "small groups of rural and urban people banding together to form
a savings and credit organization," a practice that "is well established in
India." Reddy & Manak, supra note 82, at 6.





n243.  See Shana Hofstetter, Note, The Interaction of Customary Law and
Microfinance: Women's Entry into the World Economy, 14 Wm. & Mary J. of Women &
L. 337, 348-51 (2008); see also Farrer, supra note 21, at 474 (noting that
"Hofstetter sees the Grameen Bank as utilizing women's customary group norms in
the use of social capital in a positive way. She notes that the peer group
approach utilizes women's traditional emphasis on social networks; noting that
women in Kenya responded to the group pressure aspect of social collateral more
than men did; and that a study in Zimbabwe showed that women were more willing
to sanction other members, and that female sanctions in groups were more
effective than male sanctions in groups."); Reddy & Manak, supra note 82, at 6
(according to one research group utilizing SHGs provides stronger political and
advocacy capabilities, more shared knowledge and experiences, and access to
greater capital).





n244.  Raghav Gaiha, Microcredit and the Rural Poor: A Review of the Maharashtra
Rural Credit Project, 3 J. Microfinance 125, 129-30 (2001).





n245.  Kurien Thomas, Andhra Pradesh Community Self Help Model 1 (Ctr. for Good
Governance, Working Paper, 2003), http://www.cgg.gov.in/pdfs/WP-77-92.pdf.





n246.  Project Completion Review Rep. of India Maharashtra Rural Credit Project
(IFAD Loan 325-IN), Asia & the Pac. Div. Programme Mgmt. Dep't, 9 U.N. Report
No. 1395-IN (May 2003).





n247.  Id. at 28.





n248.  IFAD also loaned money to help improve microfinance and development in
the Andhra Pradesh region. The Andhra Pradesh Participatory Tribal Development
Project took place from 1994-2002, costing a total of USD $ 50.3 million, and
was co-financed by the Government of Andhra Pradesh. Int'l Fund for Agric. Dev.
(IFAD), External Review of the Results and Impact of IFAD Operations: Country
Note on India 1, U.N. Doc. 271387 (July 10, 2002) (by Govind Kelkar & Lothar
Caviezel).





n249.  SHGs have several positive benefits: cost effective credit delivery
system, collective learning, democratic culture, imbibe norms of behavior,
stable base for dialogue, management capacity, economic empowerment, and
increased awareness levels about the society and community. Thomas, supra note
245, at 13-14.





n250.  Pilla, supra note 185.





n251.  Id.





n252.  Id.





n253. " Spandana, for instance has already started giving loans with gold as
collateral." Similarly, SKS is "exploring possibilities of offering customized
alternative products" to their target population - they are starting pilot
programs "in housing finance and gold finance." Id.





n254.  McNew, supra note 15, at 291.





n255.  Id.





n256.  Id.





n257.  McNew, supra note 15, at 291-92; see Consultative Group to Assist the
Poor (CGAP), Savings Mobilization Strategies: Lessons from Four Experiences,
CGAP Focus No. 13 (Aug. 1998) [hereinafter CGAP],
http://www.cgap.org/docs/FocusNote_13.pdf.





n258.  McNew, supra note 15, at 291; see CGAP, supra note 257.





n259.  Biswas, supra note 59.





n260.  For example, Grameen Bank restructured its loan-repayment program in
2002. The new program "allows the borrower to slow down loan payments during
difficult times so that instead of being "in default' of payments, the borrower
can opt to pay a higher interest rate for a short period of time, in order to
stay in the program and still meet her obligations. This allows the Bank to ease
the pressure it exerts on the borrower." Farrer, supra note 21, at 456; see
Muhammad Yunus, Creating a World Without Poverty: Social Business and the Future
of Capitalism 60-66 (2007).





n261.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 18.





n262.  MFIs "say they are ready to comply with more government restrictions as
long as they are given time to meet new requirements." Bellman & Chang, supra
note 18.





n263.  Greater access is achieved due to expanding markets through e-commerce,
promotion of self-employment, and by bringing education, knowledge and skill
training to the poor. Yunus, supra note 260, at 189-90.





n264.  Grameen's founder, Yunus, agrees that technology is crucial, but he is
wary of who may control it. "Technology is an essential prerequisite for raising
productivity, but it must be directed so that the increased production does not
simply end up in the hands of the wealthy." Yunus, supra note 38, at 221.





n265.  Id. at 227.





n266.  Id.





n267.  Id. at 227-28.





n268.  Id.





n269.  Id.





n270.  Kenny, supra note 80 ("In India, four people in five who signed up for
basic traditional bank accounts aimed especially at the poor said they would
need to spend half a day's wages and an entire day just to reach the nearest
bank branch and make a transaction").





n271.  Kenny, supra note 80.





n272.  Id.; see also Pickens, supra note 62, at 13 (asserting that Brazil has
used the bank outsourcing system very effectively. "In 2001-2005 banks in Brazil
used agents to expand across the country, with a service point in all of the
country's 5,567 municipalities," and they were able to accomplish this feat with
few agents).





n273.  Kenny, supra note 80.





n274.  Id.





n275.  Id. ((noting that when banks like M-Pesa outsource services "to street
vendors, their costs drop dramatically.") (citing Pickens, supra note 62, at 13
("In Pakistan, Tameer Bank discovered that the capital and operating costs for
an agent are 76 times less than for its microfinance branches in the first year,
and 89 times cheaper over five years.")).





n276.  Pickens, supra note 62, at 13.





n277.  Id. ("According to the GSM Association (the trade association for the
global communications industry), more than 80 percent of the world's population
is now within mobile coverage," and "financial institutions increasingly make
use of wireless networks to connect their infrastructure.").





n278.  Kenny, supra note 80.





n279.  Id. (noting that, in the past, governments have been a crucial player in
implementing "branchless banking" because banks need "cheap and effective ways
to deliver cash transfers to their citizens.").





n280.  Pickens, supra note 62, at 1.





n281.  Id.





n282.  Id.





n283.  Walker, supra note 57, at 393 (noting that proponents of privatization
claim government regulation is "inevitable" for the conversion of microfinancing
into a for-profit industry).





n284.  Id. at 389 (citing David Bornstein, who "believes that the government can
and should play a role in the microfinance industry ... He believes that the
government's role should be to subsidize the costs of institutional development,
but that this subsidy should not be infinite."); see also Muhammad Yunus, How
Legal Steps Can Help Pave the Way to Ending Poverty, 35 A.B.A. Hum. Rts. No. 1,
23 (Winter 2008) ("The best option would be to create new law exclusively for
establishing microfinance banks for low-income people and people on welfare" and
"lawyers [should] form groups in each country to develop and revise laws that
ultimately help the poor to help themselves.").





n285.  Bellman & Chang, supra note 18 (noting that politicians and regulators
have grown concerned "that unfettered expansion was leading to poor lending
practices" and "multiple loans to the same borrowers.").





n286.  McNew, supra note 15, at 288 ("More regulation of MFIs is needed, but too
much regulation may make it impossible for MFIs, which by their nature require
flexibility, to survive."); see also, Alexandra O'Rourke, Public-Private
Partnerships: The Key to Sustainable Microfinancing, 12 Law & Bus. Rev. Am. 179,
179 (2006) (discussing "legal barriers to the sustainability" of MFIs).





n287.  USAID, Model Scope of Work: Legal & Regulatory Reform for Access to
Finance Policy & Programming Toolkit (2005), available at
http://pdf.usaid.gov/pdf_ docs/PNADF663.pdf.





n288.  McNew, supra note 15, at 295.





n289.  McNew, supra note 15, at 295; see also Robert Christen & Richard
Rosenberg, The Rush to Regulate: Legal Frameworks for Microfinance, CGAP
Occasional Paper No. 4, 1 (Apr. 2000), available at
http://www.cgap.org/gm/document-1.9.2699/OP4.pdf.





n290.  Christen & Rosenberg, supra note 289.





n291.  Pilla, supra note 185.





n292.  Biswas, supra note 59.





n293.  Pilla, supra note 185.





n294.  Walker, supra note 57, at 391-92.





n295.  Biswas, supra note 59.





n296.  Pilla, supra note 185.





n297.  Walker, supra note 57, at 391 ("As of early 2011, the Indian federal
government and the Reserve Bank of India were working together on new federal
regulations to oversee microlending."); see Maes & Reed, supra note 86, for more
information on Andrah Pradesh post-epidemic regulatory actions.


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Microloan Program Expanded Eligibility and Other Program
Changes

LENGTH: 5065  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 13 CFR Part 120 [Docket No. SBA-2013-0002] RIN
3245-AG53 Microloan Program Expanded Eligibility and Other Program Changes
AGENCY: U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA). ACTION: Final rule.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This rule finalizes the proposed rule that the U.S. Small Business
Administration (``SBA'') issued for the Microloan Program to accomplish the
goals of expanding the pool of eligible microborrowers, increasing minimum
microloan production standards, removing the requirement that Intermediaries
deposit funds only in interest bearing accounts, and allowing Microloan Program
Intermediaries to use credit unions as depositories for their Microloan
Revolving Funds (MRFs) and Loan Loss Reserve Funds (LLRFs). The rule also
includes technical amendments that conform the regulations to current statutory
authority. DATES: This rule is effective July 15, 2015. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Grady Hedgespeth, Director, Office of Economic Opportunity: ATTN:
Daniel Upham, Chief, Microenterprise Development Division, Office of Economic
Opportunity, Small Business Administration, 409 3rd Street SW., Washington, DC
20416, telephone 202-205-7001. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Background Section
7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)) (``Act'') authorizes SBA's
Microloan Program, which assists small businesses that need small amounts of
financial assistance. Under the program, SBA makes direct loans to
Intermediaries, as defined in Sec. 120.701(e), that use the loan proceeds to
make microloans to eligible borrowers. SBA is also authorized to make grants to
Intermediaries to be used for marketing, management, and technical assistance.
On March 17, 2014, SBA published a proposed rule in the Federal Register in
order to clarify certain program requirements that have caused confusion and in
response to feedback from existing Intermediaries. The changes proposed by SBA
included: (1) revising the definition of insured depository institution in Sec.
120.701(d) to specifically include Federally-insured credit unions; (2) amending
Sec. 120.707(a) to allow Intermediaries to make loans to businesses with an
Associate, as defined in Sec. 120.10, who is currently on probation or parole,
except in limited circumstances; (3) removing the requirement that Deposit
Accounts, as defined in Sec. 120.701(a), be interest-bearing; and (4) increasing
the minimum number of microloans Intermediaries are required to close and fund
each year. The proposed rule also included a technical amendment to conform the
regulations to current statutory authority. The comment period was open until
May 16, 2014. A summary of the comments received on the four proposed changes
follows. There were no comments on the technical amendment. The final rule also
includes two additional technical amendments that remove provisions with expired
statutory authority, as further described below. II. Summary of Comments
Received SBA received 19 written comments on the proposed rule during the
comment period. Three of the comments addressed issues unrelated to the proposed
rule changes; the remaining 16 comments were carefully considered. Commenters
included several trade associations/advocacy groups and Intermediaries currently
participating in the Microloan program. In general, commenters were supportive
of the proposed changes. A section-by-section discussion of the comments
received and the changes made follows. A. Use of Federally-Insured Credit
Unions. SBA received six comments regarding the proposal to revise the
definition of insured depository institution in Sec. 120.701(d) to specifically
include Federally-insured credit unions. This change would clarify that
Federally-insured credit unions are approved depositories for Microloan
Revolving Funds and Loan Loss Reserve Funds. Five of the commenters, including
two national advocacy groups, fully supported the revision, citing the need for
Intermediaries to be able to use financial institutions that best meet their
needs. One commenter opposed the change based on an overall opinion that credit
unions have a competitive advantage over banks. SBA agrees that Microloan
Program Intermediaries should be allowed to use the type of depository
institution that best meets their needs, as long as the institution is federally
insured. Proposed Sec. 120.701(d) is adopted without change. B. Expanded
Eligibility. SBA received ten comments regarding the proposal to allow
Intermediaries to make loans to businesses with an Associate who is currently on
probation or parole, most of which were supportive of the change. One commenter
indicated that SBA should better define a ``crime involving fraud or
dishonesty.'' An industry organization requested that SBA clarify that the
change would allow Intermediaries to choose to make loans to businesses with an
Associate on probation or parole, but would not require Intermediaries to make
such loans. The organization also indicated that one of its members felt that
these particular microloans may call for a high level of collateralization. The
organization also asked why this allowance was being made only for the Microloan
program, and not for SBA's guaranteed business loan programs (7(a) and 504).
Another commenter stated the need for a high level of trust in the borrower by
the Intermediary. Expanding eligibility for the Microloan Program will allow for
increased creation of new businesses and will reduce the Federal barriers to
successful reentry of formerly incarcerated individuals, who often have
difficulty finding steady employment. The Agency developed this revision to the
Microloan Program eligibility requirements as a result of a regulatory review
conducted in connection with SBA's participation on the Federal Interagency
Reentry Council. SBA's Microloan Program offers an opportunity for formerly
incarcerated individuals who meet the Intermediaries' lending criteria to
receive financing and technical assistance to start their own businesses. Risk
to the taxpayer is mitigated because the Intermediary makes lending decisions
locally, and provides microborrowers with training and technical assistance to
help them learn to manage, market, and grow their small businesses. Furthermore,
unlike in SBA's 7(a) and 504 programs, microloans are not guaranteed by SBA.
Intermediaries are responsible for ensuring that their borrowers repay, and
Intermediaries are obligated to repay their loans to SBA regardless of the
performance of the microloans funded using those loan proceeds. SBA agrees that
a clarified definition of ``crime involving fraud or dishonesty'' should be
provided and will do so via updates to the Microloan Program Standard Operating
Procedures (SOP 52 00), which provides details regarding Microloan Program
[[Page 34044]] operations. The SOP will provide examples of crimes involving
fraud or dishonesty, such as larceny, theft, embezzlement, and forgery. As to
the comment suggesting that loans to the expanded population would have to be
highly collateralized due to the ``inherent risk of recidivism,'' there was no
accompanying data or research provided by the commenter that demonstrated a
higher level of risk of repayment in this community. As with all other
microloans, Intermediaries that choose to make loans to this newly eligible
population may follow their own policies and procedures, including the same
collateral policies applicable to their other borrowers, as long as they do not
conflict with Microloan Program requirements. In addition, while this change to
the rule expands borrower eligibility, it does not impose any requirements on
Intermediaries to make loans to this newly eligible population. Proposed Sec.
120.707 is adopted without change. C. Interest Bearing Deposit Accounts. SBA
received seven comments regarding removal of the requirement that Microloan
Revolving Funds and Loan Loss Reserve Funds be held in deposit accounts that are
interest bearing. All were in full favor of removal of the restriction. The
provision is adopted as proposed. D. Increased Minimum Microloan Requirement.
SBA received 13 comments regarding Sec. 120.716, which proposed to increase the
minimum number of loans that an Intermediary must make each Federal fiscal year
from four loans to twelve loans, and also specifically stated that
Intermediaries that do not meet the minimum loan requirement are not eligible to
receive new grant funding. One commenter questioned whether it would be possible
for an Intermediary to meet the minimum loan requirement during the last years
of the term of the Intermediary's SBA loan, when the loan balance may not
support an additional twelve loans. SBA does not believe that this comment
warrants a change in the final rule, for a number of reasons. The minimum loan
requirement is an overall requirement, not one based on each SBA loan to an
Intermediary. The majority of Intermediaries in the Microloan program have
multiple outstanding SBA loans; therefore it is rare for an Intermediary to rely
on only one SBA loan as the source of its Microloan funds. A trade organization
questioned SBA's proposal to establish an across the board 12 loan minimum
threshold for all lenders and suggested that SBA consider looking at other
indicators in addition to the volume of loans made, such as the total amount of
loans made. SBA believes that number of loans, rather than dollar volume of
loans, is the most appropriate indicator for the Microloan Program. The Act
specifically states that one of the purposes of the Program is to enable
Intermediaries ``to provide small-scale loans, particularly loans in amounts
averaging not more than $10,000.'' (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(1)(A)(iii)(I)). In
addition, the statute provides incentives, including lower costs of funds and
additional grant funding, to Intermediaries that make smaller loans.
Furthermore, despite the recent increase in the maximum microloan amount to
$50,000, Congress did not similarly raise the average dollar amount threshold
required to qualify for the incentives mentioned above. Assuming the same number
of loans per year, the volume of lending for an Intermediary with an average
loan size of less than $10,000 is significantly less than the volume of lending
for an Intermediary with an average loan size above $25,000. Therefore, SBA does
not feel it is appropriate to measure Intermediaries based on volume of dollars
loaned. Such a measure would disproportionally harm Intermediaries that make the
smallest dollar loans and provide Intermediaries with an incentive to do larger
loans. Given these facts, SBA believes that a standard based on number of loans
is more consistent with Congressional intent than a standard based on dollar
volume of loans. The current minimum loan requirement is four loans per year.
Proposed Sec. 120.716 would have gradually increased the minimum loan
requirement over a three-year period to twelve loans per year. Most of the
commenters generally supported increasing the minimum number of microloans from
the current requirement. Five commenters supported increasing the requirement to
twelve loans per year, as proposed. Several commenters supported a smaller
increase in the minimum loan requirement, such as six, eight or ten loans per
year. Some commenters were concerned that rural Intermediaries, small
Intermediaries, and Intermediaries serving smaller geographic areas would be
unable to meet a twelve loan requirement, and would therefore become ineligible
to receive grant funding. Several of these commenters recommended a prorated
approach to grant funding so as not to penalize the microloan borrowers of
Intermediaries that fail to make the minimum required number of loans. In
response to these comments, SBA has reduced the minimum loan requirement from
twelve loans to ten loans and modified the rule to provide a corrective action
process and possible eligibility for reduced grants for Intermediaries that make
less than the minimum required number of loans. As in the proposed rule, there
will be a gradual ramp-up period: six microloans in fiscal year 2016, eight
microloans in fiscal year 2017, and ten microloans in fiscal year 2018 and
thereafter. SBA also added a provision to clarify that the minimum loan
requirement for fiscal year 2015 remains four microloans. Based on average loan
data for active Intermediaries (i.e., Intermediaries that make at least four
loans per year) over the past five years, approximately 61 active Intermediaries
would need to increase loan production in order to meet the proposed rule
requirement of twelve loans per year. Using this same data, 51 active
Intermediaries would need to increase production to meet the requirement of ten
loans per year. This represents a 16% decrease in the number of Intermediaries
that will be affected by the new loan production requirement of ten loans per
year. Section 120.716(a) has been revised to incorporate this lower minimum loan
requirement. In addition, SBA has revised Sec. 120.716(b) to include a
corrective action process for Intermediaries that do not meet the minimum loan
requirement. SBA determines whether an Intermediary is eligible for grant
funding based on the number of microloans made in the previous Federal fiscal
year. Under the proposed rule, an Intermediary that did not make the minimum
number of microloans in the previous year would be ineligible for any grant
funds. In response to comments received on the proposed rule, SBA revised Sec.
120.716(b) to allow Intermediaries that do not meet the minimum loan requirement
to submit corrective action plans to SBA. An Intermediary that submits an
acceptable corrective action plan may be awarded a reduced grant. This change
makes it possible for Intermediaries that have not met the minimum loan
requirement, but are taking steps to improve loan production, to still receive
some grant funding. Conditions for reduced grants and details on corrective
action plan submission requirements will be provided in the Microloan SOP.
Several commenters also pointed out that it could be difficult for a new
Intermediary to make the required number of loans per year, and suggested an
exception for these Intermediaries. In response to these comments, SBA [[Page
34045]] revised Sec. 120.716(a) to provide that a new Intermediary is not
required to meet the minimum loan requirement during the year it enters the
program. Another commenter asked whether an Intermediary that has multiple loans
from SBA is required to meet minimum loan requirements for each such SBA loan.
The minimum loan requirement is an overall requirement; it does not increase
based on the number of loans the Intermediary has outstanding from SBA. An
advocacy group that supported the proposed minimum loan requirement nonetheless
raised a concern that an increase in the minimum loan requirement might create a
gap in the availability of funds for businesses in need of larger loans in the
$20,000 to $50,000 range, because Intermediaries would make more small-dollar
loans in order to meet the requirements. SBA does not anticipate that
Intermediaries with average loan sizes of $20,000 or more (which currently make
up 39% of all Intermediaries) will significantly alter their lending practices
as a result of the increased loan production requirements. Furthermore, none of
the comments from current Intermediaries indicated that average loan sizes would
be likely to change as a result of the increased loan requirement. III.
Additional Technical Amendments The final rule revises Sec. 120.712(d),
Intermediaries eligible to receive additional grant monies, to remove
subparagraph (1), which provided additional grant eligibility for an
Intermediary that makes at least 25 percent of its loans to small businesses
located in or owned by residents of an Economically Distressed Area. The
authority to provide additional grants to such Intermediaries expired on October
1, 1997. See Public Law 103-403, section 208(c). Under current statutory
authority, only Intermediaries that maintain a microloan portfolio averaging
$10,000 or less, defined as Specialized Intermediaries in Sec. 120.701, are
eligible to receive additional grant funding. The final rule also removes the
definition of Economically Distressed Area in Sec. 120.701(b), because that term
was only present in former Sec. 120.712(c) and (d)(1). As stated above,
subparagraph (1) of Sec. 120.712(d) was removed because the statutory authority
for the provision expired. Similarly, as stated in the proposed rule, the
authority for Sec. 120.712(c) was removed from the statute in 2010. These
additional technical amendments serve only to conform program regulations to
current SBA statutory authority; they do not change existing Agency practice,
nor do they have any effect on program participants. Compliance With Executive
Orders 12866, 12988, 13132, and 13563, the Paperwork Reduction Act (44 U.S.C.
Ch.35), and the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601-612) Executive Order
13563 and Executive Order 12866 The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) has
determined that this final rule is a significant regulatory action for purposes
of Executive Order 12866. However, this is not a major rule under the
Congressional Review Act, 5 U.S.C. 800. A Regulatory Impact Analysis was
published in the proposed rule. In summary, the regulatory objectives include:
allowing Federally-insured credit unions to hold MRF and LLRF accounts; allowing
any Microloan Program Intermediary to make a microloan (loan of $50,000 or less)
to a business with an Associate who is on probation or parole; removing the
requirement that the Microloan Revolving Fund (MRF) and Loan Loss Reserve Fund
(LLRF) be held in interest bearing deposit accounts; increasing the minimum
number of loans that an Intermediary must make annually in order to qualify for
grant funding; and, adding technical amendments that conform the regulations to
current statutory authority. No comments were received regarding the Regulatory
Impact Analysis. A description of the need for this regulatory action and the
benefits and costs associated with this action, including possible
distributional impacts that relate to Executive Order 13563, were included in
the Regulatory Impact Analysis under Executive Order 12866. The changes would
impact approximately 50 Microloan Intermediaries that generally make fewer than
10 loans per year but more than three loans. It is anticipated that the costs to
the Intermediaries will be only those associated with the operating expenses
associated with making and servicing an increased number of loans. SBA does not
anticipate any impact on the program's subsidy model and believes that
Intermediaries will continue to make prudent lending decisions. SBA also
anticipates improved use of resources as more microloans are made. Based on the
analysis of the Federal Interagency Reentry Council from 2010
(http://csgjusticecenter.org/nrrc/facts-and-trends/) there are some 4.9 million
probationers and parolees. Therefore, SBA believes that the regulatory changes
will expand access to capital for people who are not easily employable, but who
have the capacity to operate a small business, will reduce program costs, and
better utilize taxpayer dollars. Executive Order 12988 This action meets
applicable standards set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(b)(2) of Executive Order
12988, Civil Justice Reform, to minimize litigation, eliminate ambiguity, and
reduce burden. The action does not have retroactive or preemptive effect.
Executive Order 13132 SBA has determined that this final rule will not have
substantial, direct effects on the States, on the relationship between the
national government and the States, or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of government. Therefore, for the
purpose of Executive Order 13132, SBA has determined that this final rule has no
federalism implications warranting preparation of a federalism assessment.
Executive Order 13563 Executive Order (E.O.) 13563 reaffirms the principles of
E.O. 12866 while calling for improvements to promote predictability, reduce
uncertainty, and to use the best, most innovative, and least burdensome tools
for achieving regulatory ends. E.O. 13563 further emphasizes that regulations be
based in the best available science and that the rulemaking process allow for
public participation and the open exchange of ideas. This rule has been
developed consistent with these requirements and is written with the idea of
reducing the number and burden of regulations. The Microloan Program operates
through SBA lending partners, which are Intermediary lenders. Prior to
publication of the proposed rule, the Agency presented the proposals in meetings
which allowed it to reach the vast majority of Microloan Program participants
and stakeholder trade associations. In this way, the Agency was able to gain
valuable insight, guidance, and suggestions from interested parties. Paperwork
Reduction Act, 44 U.S.C., Ch.35 As discussed above, in response to comments
received, SBA is making a change in the final rule that will require
Intermediaries that are not in compliance with the minimum loan standards to
submit a corrective action plan to the Agency as a condition of [[Page 34046]]
receiving a grant. Section 120.716(b). However, this change does not impose a
new reporting requirement. Currently, SBA may require microloan Intermediaries
that are generally not in compliance with program requirements to submit a
corrective plan outlining how the Intermediary intends to resolve its
noncompliance issues. This requirement is covered under OMB-approved information
collection number 3245-0365, SBA Lender, Microloan Intermediary, and NTAP
Reporting Requirements. Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 601-612 The
Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA), 5 U.S.C. 601-612, requires administrative
agencies to consider the economic impact of their actions on small entities,
including small businesses, small nonprofit businesses, and small local
governments. The RFA requires the Agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility
analysis describing the economic impact that the rule will have on small
entities, or certify that the rule will not have a significant economic impact
on a substantial number of small entities. SBA has determined that although the
rulemaking will impact all of the approximately 145 Intermediaries, such impact
will not be significant. All of the Intermediaries are small nonprofit or quasi-
governmental entities. Approximately 63 existing Intermediaries (43 percent),
including Intermediaries that are not currently active, will be required to
increase loan production in order to meet new minimum lending requirements. To
minimize hardship, SBA will increase the minimum lending requirement in a
graduated fashion: six microloans in 2016, 8 microloans in 2017, and 10
microloans in 2018 and thereafter. This graduated increase will provide
Intermediaries with time to ramp up loan production to meet the higher
requirements. SBA anticipates that a small number of Intermediaries may choose
to end their participation in the Microloan Program as a result of the new
requirements. However, these entities are making so few loans, and generating
such a small amount of revenue from these microloans, that exiting the program
will not cause a significant economic impact for the Intermediaries or for
potential borrowers. The 63 affected Intermediaries represent an estimated 315
total microloans for approximately $5.3 million, or 5 microloans per
Intermediary. Over the past five years, the Microloan Program has averaged 4,180
microloans totaling $49.3 million. Therefore, even if all of the affected
Intermediaries left the program, the impact would reduce microloan volumes by
just 7.5 percent in terms of number of loans and 10.9 percent in terms of volume
of loans. These estimates assume that all 63 impacted Intermediaries would leave
the Program. SBA believes that the number of Intermediaries choosing to leave
the Program would actually be significantly less, further reducing potential
economic impact. In addition, although failure to meet the minimum loan
requirement is grounds for an enforcement action under Sec. 120.1425, SBA does
not currently anticipate using the minimum loan requirement as the sole basis
for taking enforcement actions against Intermediaries. SBA estimates that
entities leaving the program will lose approximately $23,000 in annual revenue
associated with microloans that would have been made under the SBA Microloan
Program. The $23,000 represents approximate annual interest and fee income for
five microloans of $17,000. An organization making just five microloans a year
is not sustainable and must rely on other sources of income to operate.
Microloan Intermediaries average more than $1.25 million in annual revenues;
$23,000 in lost revenue represents less than 2 percent of total annual revenues
per affected Intermediary. No comments were received regarding economic impact
except that some small Intermediaries indicated concern that they would not be
able to appropriately serve rural areas. This concern has been addressed in the
final rule by reducing the minimum loan requirement from twelve loans to ten
loans per year and providing a corrective action process by which Intermediaries
that do not meet the minimum loan requirement may still be eligible for grant
funding at a reduced amount. Accordingly, the SBA Administrator hereby certifies
that this final rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities. List of Subjects in 13 CFR Part 120
Community development, Equal employment opportunity, Loan programs--business,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Small business. For reasons stated in
the preamble, the U.S. Small Business Administration amends 13 CFR part 120 as
follows: PART 120--BUSINESS LOANS 0 1. The authority citation for 13 CFR part
120 continues to read as follows: Authority: 15 U.S.C. 634(b)(6), (b)(7),
(b)(14), (h), and note 636(a), (h), and (m), 650, 687(f), 696(3), and 697(a) and
(e); Pub. Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115, Pub. Law 111-240, 124 Stat 2504. 0 2. In
Sec. 120.701, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs (c) through (i) as
paragraphs (b) through (h) respectively, and revise newly redesignated paragraph
(c) to read as follows: Sec. 120.701 Definitions. * * * * * (c) Insured
depository institution means any Federally insured bank, savings association, or
credit union. * * * * * 0 3. Amend Sec. 120.707 by revising paragraph (a) to
read as follows: Sec. 120.707 What conditions apply to loans by Intermediaries
to Microloan borrowers? (a) Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, an
Intermediary may only make Microloans to small businesses eligible to receive
financial assistance under this part. A borrower may also use Microloan proceeds
to establish a nonprofit child care business. An Intermediary may also make
Microloans to businesses with an Associate who is currently on probation or
parole; provided, however, that the Associate is not on probation or parole for
an offense involving fraud or dishonesty or, in the case of a child care
business, is not on probation or parole for an offense against children.
Proceeds from Microloans may be used only for working capital and acquisition of
materials, supplies, furniture, fixtures, and equipment. SBA does not review
Microloans for creditworthiness. * * * * * 0 4. Amend Sec. 120.709 by revising
the first sentence to read as follows: Sec. 120.709 What is the Microloan
Revolving Fund? The Microloan Revolving Fund (``MRF'') is a Deposit Account into
which an Intermediary must deposit the proceeds from SBA loans, its
contributions from non-Federal sources, and payments from its Microloan
borrowers. * * * 0 5. Amend Sec. 120.710 by revising paragraph (a) to read as
follows: Sec. 120.710 What is the Loan Loss Reserve Fund? (a) General. The Loan
Loss Reserve Fund (``LLRF'') is a Deposit Account which an Intermediary must
establish to pay any shortage in the MRF caused by delinquencies or losses on
Microloans. * * * * * [[Page 34047]] 0 6. Amend Sec. 120.712 by removing
paragraph (c) and redesignating paragraphs (d) and (e) as paragraphs (c) and (d)
respectively, and revising newly redesignated paragraph (c) to read as follows:
Sec. 120.712 How does an Intermediary get a grant to assist Microloan borrowers?
* * * * * (c) Intermediaries eligible to receive additional grant monies. An
Intermediary may receive an additional SBA grant equal to five percent of the
outstanding balance of all loans received from SBA (with no obligation to
contribute additional matching funds) if the Intermediary is a Specialized
Intermediary. * * * * * 0 7. Add new Sec. 120.716 to read as follows: Sec.
120.716 What is the minimum number of loans an Intermediary must make each
Federal fiscal year? (a) Minimum loan requirement. Intermediaries must close and
fund the required number of microloans per year (October 1-September 30) as
follows, except that an Intermediary entering the program will not be required
to meet the minimum in that year: (1) For fiscal year 2015, four microloans, (2)
For fiscal year 2016, six microloans, (3) For fiscal year 2017, eight microloans
, and (4) For fiscal years 2018 and thereafter, ten microloans per year. (b)
Intermediaries that do not meet the minimum loan requirement are not eligible to
receive new grant funding unless they submit a corrective action plan acceptable
to SBA, in its discretion. Intermediaries that have submitted acceptable
corrective action plans may receive a reduced grant at SBA's discretion. 0 8.
Amend Sec. 120.1425 by revising paragraph (d)(2) to read as follows: Sec.
120.1425 Grounds for enforcement actions--Intermediaries participating in the
Microloan Program and NTAPs. * * * * * (d) * * * (2) Failure to close and fund
the required number of microloans per year under Sec. 120.716. * * * * * Maria
Contreras-Sweet, Administrator. [FR Doc. 2015-14413 Filed 6-12-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 8025-01-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Microloan Program Expanded Eligibility and Other Program Changes

LENGTH: 4971  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, DC


This Rule document was issued by the Small Business Administration (SBA)

Action

Final rule.
Summary

This rule finalizes the proposed rule that the U.S. Small Business
Administration ("SBA") issued for the Microloan Program to accomplish the goals
of expanding the pool of eligible microborrowers, increasing minimum microloan
production standards, removing the requirement that Intermediaries deposit funds
only in interest bearing accounts, and allowing Microloan Program Intermediaries
to use credit unions as depositories for their Microloan Revolving Funds (MRFs)
and Loan Loss Reserve Funds (LLRFs). The rule also includes technical amendments
that conform the regulations to current statutory authority.
Dates

This rule is effective July 15, 2015.
For Further Information Contact

Grady Hedgespeth, Director, Office of Economic Opportunity: ATTN: Daniel Upham,
Chief, Microenterprise Development Division, Office of Economic Opportunity,
Small Business Administration, 409 3rd Street SW., Washington, DC 20416,
telephone 202-205-7001.
Supplementary Information
I. Background

Section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)) ("Act") authorizes
SBA's Microloan Program, which assists small businesses that need small amounts
of financial assistance. Under the program, SBA makes direct loans to
Intermediaries, as defined in § 120.701(e), that use the loan proceeds to make
microloans to eligible borrowers. SBA is also authorized to make grants to
Intermediaries to be used for marketing, management, and technical assistance.

On March 17, 2014, SBA published a proposed rule in theFederal Registerin order
to clarify certain program requirements that have caused confusion and in
response to feedback from existing Intermediaries. The changes proposed by SBA
included: (1) revising the definition of insured depository institution in §
120.701(d) to specifically include Federally-insured credit unions; (2) amending
§ 120.707(a) to allow Intermediaries to make loans to businesses with an
Associate, as defined in § 120.10, who is currently on probation or parole,
except in limited circumstances; (3) removing the requirement that Deposit
Accounts, as defined in § 120.701(a), be interest-bearing; and (4) increasing
the minimum number of microloans Intermediaries are required to close and fund
each year. The proposed rule also included a technical amendment to conform the
regulations to current statutory authority. The comment period was open until
May 16, 2014.

A summary of the comments received on the four proposed changes follows. There
were no comments on the technical amendment. The final rule also includes two
additional technical amendments that remove provisions with expired statutory
authority, as further described below.
II. Summary of Comments Received

SBA received 19 written comments on the proposed rule during the comment period.
Three of the comments addressed issues unrelated to the proposed rule changes;
the remaining 16 comments were carefully considered. Commenters included several
trade associations/advocacy groups and Intermediaries currently participating in
the Microloan program. In general, commenters were supportive of the proposed
changes. A section-by-section discussion of the comments received and the
changes made follows.

A. Use of Federally-Insured Credit Unions. SBA received six comments regarding
the proposal to revise the definition of insured depository institution in §
120.701(d) to specifically include Federally-insured credit unions. This change
would clarify that Federally-insured credit unions are approved depositories for
Microloan Revolving Funds and Loan Loss Reserve Funds. Five of the commenters,
including two national advocacy groups, fully supported the revision, citing the
need for Intermediaries to be able to use financial institutions that best meet
their needs. One commenter opposed the change based on an overall opinion that
credit unions have a competitive advantage over banks.

SBA agrees that Microloan Program Intermediaries should be allowed to use the
type of depository institution that best meets their needs, as long as the
institution is federally insured. Proposed § 120.701(d) is adopted without
change.

B. Expanded Eligibility. SBA received ten comments regarding the proposal to
allow Intermediaries to make loans to businesses with an Associate who is
currently on probation or parole, most of which were supportive of the change.
One commenter indicated that SBA should better define a "crime involving fraud
or dishonesty." An industry organization requested that SBA clarify that the
change would allow Intermediaries to choose to make loans to businesses with an
Associate on probation or parole, but would not require Intermediaries to make
such loans. The organization also indicated that one of its members felt that
these particular microloans may call for a high level of collateralization. The
organization also asked why this allowance was being made only for the Microloan
program, and not for SBA's guaranteed business loan programs (7(a) and 504).
Another commenter stated the need for a high level of trust in the borrower by
the Intermediary.

Expanding eligibility for the Microloan Program will allow for increased
creation of new businesses and will reduce the Federal barriers to successful
reentry of formerly incarcerated individuals, who often have difficulty finding
steady employment. The Agency developed this revision to the Microloan Program
eligibility requirements as a result of a regulatory review conducted in
connection with SBA's participation on the Federal Interagency Reentry Council.
SBA's Microloan Program offers an opportunity for formerly incarcerated
individuals who meet the Intermediaries' lending criteria to receive financing
and technical assistance to start their own businesses.

Risk to the taxpayer is mitigated because the Intermediary makes lending
decisions locally, and provides microborrowers with training and technical
assistance to help them learn to manage, market, and grow their small
businesses. Furthermore, unlike in SBA's 7(a) and 504 programs, microloans are
not guaranteed by SBA. Intermediaries are responsible for ensuring that their
borrowers repay, and Intermediaries are obligated to repay their loans to SBA
regardless of the performance of the microloans funded using those loan
proceeds.

SBA agrees that a clarified definition of "crime involving fraud or dishonesty"
should be provided and will do so via updates to the Microloan Program Standard
Operating Procedures (SOP 52 00), which provides details regarding Microloan
Programoperations. The SOP will provide examples of crimes involving fraud or
dishonesty, such as larceny, theft, embezzlement, and forgery. As to the comment
suggesting that loans to the expanded population would have to be highly
collateralized due to the "inherent risk of recidivism," there was no
accompanying data or research provided by the commenter that demonstrated a
higher level of risk of repayment in this community. As with all other
microloans, Intermediaries that choose to make loans to this newly eligible
population may follow their own policies and procedures, including the same
collateral policies applicable to their other borrowers, as long as they do not
conflict with Microloan Program requirements. In addition, while this change to
the rule expands borrower eligibility, it does not impose any requirements on
Intermediaries to make loans to this newly eligible population. Proposed §
120.707 is adopted without change.

C. Interest Bearing Deposit Accounts. SBA received seven comments regarding
removal of the requirement that Microloan Revolving Funds and Loan Loss Reserve
Funds be held in deposit accounts that are interest bearing. All were in full
favor of removal of the restriction. The provision is adopted as proposed.

D. Increased Minimum Microloan Requirement. SBA received 13 comments regarding §
120.716, which proposed to increase the minimum number of loans that an
Intermediary must make each Federal fiscal year from four loans to twelve loans,
and also specifically stated that Intermediaries that do not meet the minimum
loan requirement are not eligible to receive new grant funding.

One commenter questioned whether it would be possible for an Intermediary to
meet the minimum loan requirement during the last years of the term of the
Intermediary's SBA loan, when the loan balance may not support an additional
twelve loans. SBA does not believe that this comment warrants a change in the
final rule, for a number of reasons. The minimum loan requirement is an overall
requirement, not one based on each SBA loan to an Intermediary. The majority of
Intermediaries in the Microloan program have multiple outstanding SBA loans;
therefore it is rare for an Intermediary to rely on only one SBA loan as the
source of its Microloan funds.

A trade organization questioned SBA's proposal to establish an across the board
12 loan minimum threshold for all lenders and suggested that SBA consider
looking at other indicators in addition to the volume of loans made, such as the
total amount of loans made. SBA believes that number of loans, rather than
dollar volume of loans, is the most appropriate indicator for the Microloan
Program. The Act specifically states that one of the purposes of the Program is
to enable Intermediaries "to provide small-scale loans, particularly loans in
amounts averaging not more than $10,000." (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(1)(A)(iii)(I)). In
addition, the statute provides incentives, including lower costs of funds and
additional grant funding, to Intermediaries that make smaller loans.
Furthermore, despite the recent increase in the maximum microloan amount to
$50,000, Congress did not similarly raise the average dollar amount threshold
required to qualify for the incentives mentioned above.

Assuming the same number of loans per year, the volume of lending for an
Intermediary with an average loan size of less than $10,000 is significantly
less than the volume of lending for an Intermediary with an average loan size
above $25,000. Therefore, SBA does not feel it is appropriate to measure
Intermediaries based on volume of dollars loaned. Such a measure would
disproportionally harm Intermediaries that make the smallest dollar loans and
provide Intermediaries with an incentive to do larger loans. Given these facts,
SBA believes that a standard based on number of loans is more consistent with
Congressional intent than a standard based on dollar volume of loans.

The current minimum loan requirement is four loans per year. Proposed § 120.716
would have gradually increased the minimum loan requirement over a three-year
period to twelve loans per year. Most of the commenters generally supported
increasing the minimum number of microloans from the current requirement. Five
commenters supported increasing the requirement to twelve loans per year, as
proposed. Several commenters supported a smaller increase in the minimum loan
requirement, such as six, eight or ten loans per year. Some commenters were
concerned that rural Intermediaries, small Intermediaries, and Intermediaries
serving smaller geographic areas would be unable to meet a twelve loan
requirement, and would therefore become ineligible to receive grant funding.
Several of these commenters recommended a prorated approach to grant funding so
as not to penalize the microloan borrowers of Intermediaries that fail to make
the minimum required number of loans.

In response to these comments, SBA has reduced the minimum loan requirement from
twelve loans to ten loans and modified the rule to provide a corrective action
process and possible eligibility for reduced grants for Intermediaries that make
less than the minimum required number of loans. As in the proposed rule, there
will be a gradual ramp-up period: six microloans in fiscal year 2016, eight
microloans in fiscal year 2017, and ten microloans in fiscal year 2018 and
thereafter. SBA also added a provision to clarify that the minimum loan
requirement for fiscal year 2015 remains four microloans. Based on average loan
data for active Intermediaries (i.e., Intermediaries that make at least four
loans per year) over the past five years, approximately 61 active Intermediaries
would need to increase loan production in order to meet the proposed rule
requirement of twelve loans per year. Using this same data, 51 active
Intermediaries would need to increase production to meet the requirement of ten
loans per year. This represents a 16% decrease in the number of Intermediaries
that will be affected by the new loan production requirement of ten loans per
year. Section 120.716(a) has been revised to incorporate this lower minimum loan
requirement.

In addition, SBA has revised § 120.716(b) to include a corrective action process
for Intermediaries that do not meet the minimum loan requirement. SBA determines
whether an Intermediary is eligible for grant funding based on the number of
microloans made in the previous Federal fiscal year. Under the proposed rule, an
Intermediary that did not make the minimum number of microloans in the previous
year would be ineligible for any grant funds. In response to comments received
on the proposed rule, SBA revised § 120.716(b) to allow Intermediaries that do
not meet the minimum loan requirement to submit corrective action plans to SBA.
An Intermediary that submits an acceptable corrective action plan may be awarded
a reduced grant. This change makes it possible for Intermediaries that have not
met the minimum loan requirement, but are taking steps to improve loan
production, to still receive some grant funding. Conditions for reduced grants
and details on corrective action plan submission requirements will be provided
in the Microloan SOP.

Several commenters also pointed out that it could be difficult for a new
Intermediary to make the required number of loans per year, and suggested an
exception for these Intermediaries. In response to these comments, SBArevised §
120.716(a) to provide that a new Intermediary is not required to meet the
minimum loan requirement during the year it enters the program.

Another commenter asked whether an Intermediary that has multiple loans from SBA
is required to meet minimum loan requirements for each such SBA loan. The
minimum loan requirement is an overall requirement; it does not increase based
on the number of loans the Intermediary has outstanding from SBA.

An advocacy group that supported the proposed minimum loan requirement
nonetheless raised a concern that an increase in the minimum loan requirement
might create a gap in the availability of funds for businesses in need of larger
loans in the $20,000 to $50,000 range, because Intermediaries would make more
small-dollar loans in order to meet the requirements. SBA does not anticipate
that Intermediaries with average loan sizes of $20,000 or more (which currently
make up 39% of all Intermediaries) will significantly alter their lending
practices as a result of the increased loan production requirements.
Furthermore, none of the comments from current Intermediaries indicated that
average loan sizes would be likely to change as a result of the increased loan
requirement.
III. Additional Technical Amendments

The final rule revises § 120.712(d), Intermediaries eligible to receive
additional grant monies, to remove subparagraph (1), which provided additional
grant eligibility for an Intermediary that makes at least 25 percent of its
loans to small businesses located in or owned by residents of an Economically
Distressed Area. The authority to provide additional grants to such
Intermediaries expired on October 1, 1997. See Public Law 103-403, section
208(c). Under current statutory authority, only Intermediaries that maintain a
microloan portfolio averaging $10,000 or less, defined as Specialized
Intermediaries in § 120.701, are eligible to receive additional grant funding.

The final rule also removes the definition of Economically Distressed Area in §
120.701(b), because that term was only present in former § 120.712(c) and
(d)(1). As stated above, subparagraph (1) of § 120.712(d) was removed because
the statutory authority for the provision expired. Similarly, as stated in the
proposed rule, the authority for § 120.712(c) was removed from the statute in
2010.

These additional technical amendments serve only to conform program regulations
to current SBA statutory authority; they do not change existing Agency practice,
nor do they have any effect on program participants.
Compliance With Executive Orders 12866, 12988, 13132, and 13563, the Paperwork
Reduction Act (44 U.S.C. Ch.35), and the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C.
601-612)
Executive Order 13563 and Executive Order 12866

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) has determined that this final rule is
a significant regulatory action for purposes of Executive Order 12866. However,
this is not a major rule under the Congressional Review Act, 5 U.S.C. 800. A
Regulatory Impact Analysis was published in the proposed rule. In summary, the
regulatory objectives include: allowing Federally-insured credit unions to hold
MRF and LLRF accounts; allowing any Microloan Program Intermediary to make a
microloan (loan of $50,000 or less) to a business with an Associate who is on
probation or parole; removing the requirement that the Microloan Revolving Fund
(MRF) and Loan Loss Reserve Fund (LLRF) be held in interest bearing deposit
accounts; increasing the minimum number of loans that an Intermediary must make
annually in order to qualify for grant funding; and, adding technical amendments
that conform the regulations to current statutory authority. No comments were
received regarding the Regulatory Impact Analysis.

A description of the need for this regulatory action and the benefits and costs
associated with this action, including possible distributional impacts that
relate to Executive Order 13563, were included in the Regulatory Impact Analysis
under Executive Order 12866. The changes would impact approximately 50 Microloan
Intermediaries that generally make fewer than 10 loans per year but more than
three loans. It is anticipated that the costs to the Intermediaries will be only
those associated with the operating expenses associated with making and
servicing an increased number of loans. SBA does not anticipate any impact on
the program's subsidy model and believes that Intermediaries will continue to
make prudent lending decisions. SBA also anticipates improved use of resources
as more microloans are made.

Based on the analysis of the Federal Interagency Reentry Council from 2010
(http://csgjusticecenter.org/nrrc/facts-and-trends/) there are some 4.9 million
probationers and parolees. Therefore, SBA believes that the regulatory changes
will expand access to capital for people who are not easily employable, but who
have the capacity to operate a small business, will reduce program costs, and
better utilize taxpayer dollars.
Executive Order 12988

This action meets applicable standards set forth in Sections 3(a) and 3(b)(2) of
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform, to minimize litigation, eliminate
ambiguity, and reduce burden. The action does not have retroactive or preemptive
effect.
Executive Order 13132

SBA has determined that this final rule will not have substantial, direct
effects on the States, on the relationship between the national government and
the States, or on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the
various levels of government. Therefore, for the purpose of Executive Order
13132, SBA has determined that this final rule has no federalism implications
warranting preparation of a federalism assessment.
Executive Order 13563

Executive Order (E.O.) 13563 reaffirms the principles of E.O. 12866 while
calling for improvements to promote predictability, reduce uncertainty, and to
use the best, most innovative, and least burdensome tools for achieving
regulatory ends. E.O. 13563 further emphasizes that regulations be based in the
best available science and that the rulemaking process allow for public
participation and the open exchange of ideas. This rule has been developed
consistent with these requirements and is written with the idea of reducing the
number and burden of regulations.

The Microloan Program operates through SBA lending partners, which are
Intermediary lenders. Prior to publication of the proposed rule, the Agency
presented the proposals in meetings which allowed it to reach the vast majority
of Microloan Program participants and stakeholder trade associations. In this
way, the Agency was able to gain valuable insight, guidance, and suggestions
from interested parties.
Paperwork Reduction Act, 44 U.S.C., Ch.35

As discussed above, in response to comments received, SBA is making a change in
the final rule that will require Intermediaries that are not in compliance with
the minimum loan standards to submit a corrective action plan to the Agency as a
condition ofreceiving a grant. Section 120.716(b). However, this change does not
impose a new reporting requirement. Currently, SBA may require microloan
Intermediaries that are generally not in compliance with program requirements to
submit a corrective plan outlining how the Intermediary intends to resolve its
noncompliance issues. This requirement is covered under OMB-approved information
collection number 3245-0365, SBA Lender, Microloan Intermediary, and NTAP
Reporting Requirements.
Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 601-612

The Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA), 5 U.S.C. 601-612, requires administrative
agencies to consider the economic impact of their actions on small entities,
including small businesses, small nonprofit businesses, and small local
governments. The RFA requires the Agency to prepare a regulatory flexibility
analysis describing the economic impact that the rule will have on small
entities, or certify that the rule will not have a significant economic impact
on a substantial number of small entities.

SBA has determined that although the rulemaking will impact all of the
approximately 145 Intermediaries, such impact will not be significant. All of
the Intermediaries are small nonprofit or quasi-governmental entities.
Approximately 63 existing Intermediaries (43 percent), including Intermediaries
that are not currently active, will be required to increase loan production in
order to meet new minimum lending requirements. To minimize hardship, SBA will
increase the minimum lending requirement in a graduated fashion: six microloans
in 2016, 8 microloans in 2017, and 10 microloans in 2018 and thereafter. This
graduated increase will provide Intermediaries with time to ramp up loan
production to meet the higher requirements. SBA anticipates that a small number
of Intermediaries may choose to end their participation in the Microloan Program
as a result of the new requirements. However, these entities are making so few
loans, and generating such a small amount of revenue from these microloans, that
exiting the program will not cause a significant economic impact for the
Intermediaries or for potential borrowers. The 63 affected Intermediaries
represent an estimated 315 total microloans for approximately $5.3 million, or 5
microloans per Intermediary. Over the past five years, the Microloan Program has
averaged 4,180 microloans totaling $49.3 million. Therefore, even if all of the
affected Intermediaries left the program, the impact would reduce microloan
volumes by just 7.5 percent in terms of number of loans and 10.9 percent in
terms of volume of loans. These estimates assume that all 63 impacted
Intermediaries would leave the Program. SBA believes that the number of
Intermediaries choosing to leave the Program would actually be significantly
less, further reducing potential economic impact. In addition, although failure
to meet the minimum loan requirement is grounds for an enforcement action under
§ 120.1425, SBA does not currently anticipate using the minimum loan requirement
as the sole basis for taking enforcement actions against Intermediaries.

SBA estimates that entities leaving the program will lose approximately $23,000
in annual revenue associated with microloans that would have been made under the
SBA Microloan Program. The $23,000 represents approximate annual interest and
fee income for five microloans of $17,000. An organization making just five
microloans a year is not sustainable and must rely on other sources of income to
operate. Microloan Intermediaries average more than $1.25 million in annual
revenues; $23,000 in lost revenue represents less than 2 percent of total annual
revenues per affected Intermediary.

No comments were received regarding economic impact except that some small
Intermediaries indicated concern that they would not be able to appropriately
serve rural areas. This concern has been addressed in the final rule by reducing
the minimum loan requirement from twelve loans to ten loans per year and
providing a corrective action process by which Intermediaries that do not meet
the minimum loan requirement may still be eligible for grant funding at a
reduced amount. Accordingly, the SBA Administrator hereby certifies that this
final rule will not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number
of small entities.
List of Subjects in 13 CFR Part 120

Community development, Equal employment opportunity, Loan programs--business,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Small business.

For reasons stated in the preamble, the U.S. Small Business Administration
amends 13 CFR part 120 as follows:
Regulatory Text
Part 120 Business Loans

1. The authority citation for 13 CFR part 120 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

15 U.S.C. 634(b)(6), (b)(7), (b)(14), (h), and note 636(a), (h), and (m), 650,
687(f), 696(3), and 697(a) and (e); Pub. Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115, Pub. Law
111-240, 124 Stat 2504.

2. In § 120.701, remove paragraph (b) and redesignate paragraphs (c) through (i)
as paragraphs (b) through (h) respectively, and revise newly redesignated
paragraph (c) to read as follows:
§ 120.701 Definitions.

* * * * *

(c) Insured depository institution means any Federally insured bank, savings
association, or credit union.

* * * * *

3. Amend § 120.707 by revising paragraph (a) to read as follows:
§ 120.707 What conditions apply to loans by Intermediaries to Microloan
borrowers?

(a) Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, an Intermediary may only
make Microloans to small businesses eligible to receive financial assistance
under this part. A borrower may also use Microloan proceeds to establish a
nonprofit child care business. An Intermediary may also make Microloans to
businesses with an Associate who is currently on probation or parole; provided,
however, that the Associate is not on probation or parole for an offense
involving fraud or dishonesty or, in the case of a child care business, is not
on probation or parole for an offense against children. Proceeds from Microloans
may be used only for working capital and acquisition of materials, supplies,
furniture, fixtures, and equipment. SBA does not review Microloans for
creditworthiness.

* * * * *

4. Amend § 120.709 by revising the first sentence to read as follows:
§ 120.709 What is the Microloan Revolving Fund?

The Microloan Revolving Fund ("MRF") is a Deposit Account into which an
Intermediary must deposit the proceeds from SBA loans, its contributions from
non-Federal sources, and payments from its Microloan borrowers. * * *

5. Amend § 120.710 by revising paragraph (a) to read as follows:
§ 120.710 What is the Loan Loss Reserve Fund?

(a) General. The Loan Loss Reserve Fund ("LLRF") is a Deposit Account which an
Intermediary must establish to pay any shortage in the MRF caused by
delinquencies or losses on Microloans.

* * * * *

6. Amend § 120.712 by removing paragraph (c) and redesignating paragraphs (d)
and (e) as paragraphs (c) and (d) respectively, and revising newly redesignated
paragraph (c) to read as follows:
§ 120.712 How does an Intermediary get a grant to assist Microloan borrowers?

* * * * *

(c) Intermediaries eligible to receive additional grant monies. An Intermediary
may receive an additional SBA grant equal to five percent of the outstanding
balance of all loans received from SBA (with no obligation to contribute
additional matching funds) if the Intermediary is a Specialized Intermediary.

* * * * *

7. Add new § 120.716 to read as follows:
§ 120.716 What is the minimum number of loans an Intermediary must make each
Federal fiscal year?

(a) Minimum loan requirement. Intermediaries must close and fund the required
number of microloans per year (October 1-September 30) as follows, except that
an Intermediary entering the program will not be required to meet the minimum in
that year:

(1) For fiscal year 2015, four microloans,

(2) For fiscal year 2016, six microloans,

(3) For fiscal year 2017, eight microloans, and

(4) For fiscal years 2018 and thereafter, ten microloans per year.

(b) Intermediaries that do not meet the minimum loan requirement are not
eligible to receive new grant funding unless they submit a corrective action
plan acceptable to SBA, in its discretion. Intermediaries that have submitted
acceptable corrective action plans may receive a reduced grant at SBA's
discretion.

8. Amend § 120.1425 by revising paragraph (d)(2) to read as follows:
§ 120.1425 Grounds for enforcement actions--Intermediaries participating in the
Microloan Program and NTAPs.

* * * * *

(d) * * *

(2) Failure to close and fund the required number of microloans per year under §
120.716.

* * * * *
Maria Contreras-Sweet,
Administrator.
[FR Doc. 2015-14413 Filed 6-12-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 8025-01-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2008 University of Tennessee College of Law
                       Tennessee Journal of Law & Policy

                                  Spring, 2008

                       Tennessee Journal of Law & Policy

                           4 Tenn. J. L. & Pol'y 507

LENGTH: 12513 words

STUDENT ESSAY: OUT WITH THE OLD IN WITH THE NEW: HOUSING ISSUES FOR THE
MIDDLE-CLASS IN PANAMA CITY, PANAMA

NAME: Eric J. D. Rogers*

BIO:


* Study Space Fellow, Center for the Comparative Study of Metropolitan Growth at
Georgia State University College of Law. I would like to thank the Center for
its fellowship, which enabled me to attend the Panama Study Space.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... As a result of the density restrictions on development in the city, Panama
City has a lower population density than the average city of similar wealth.
... A population which sees possibility in a capitalist economy is less prone to
support destabilizing policies such as populist or authoritarian regimes.  ...
The Panama Canal ("Canal") is one of the main catalysts for this explosion.  ...
La Hipotecaria is a non-bank institution in Panama that is designed to provide
middle income people with loans for residences.  ... Some of these options
include inclusionary zoning and infill housing coupled with effective investment
in the city infrastructure. c.  ... A house is an asset that can allow a person
to build capital and develop credit in order to procure other assets.  ...
Because it entails developing denser housing in already established areas of a
city, city officials will often face a backlash from those already living in the
area.

TEXT:
 [*507]  Introduction

   Panama City is currently experiencing unprecedented growth in all sectors of
its economy.  n1 An abundance of foreign investment, coupled with a stable
socio-political environment, and several large infrastructure investments by the
Panamanian government, created a boom of economic expansion in Panama's capital
city.  n2 This recent surge in enterprise has led to several societal benefits,
including growth in the middle-class and an influx in employment.  n3 However,
as with most economic upheavals, this recent surge is not without negative
repercussions. In the twentieth century, housing shortages plagued Panama.
Exacerbated by the current economic trend, these housing shortages are likely to
continue into the twenty-first century.

    [*508]  Despite the fact that many prosperous societies have large and
stable middle-classes,  n4 the middle-class is often a forgotten segment in an
economic analysis.

   Despite this growth, one of the biggest problems, facing even middle-class
Panamanians, is the inability to maintain adequate housing. This inability to
maintain adequate housing leads to increased costs of living, not only from the
higher costs of attaining needed resources, but also due to the necessity of
renting. These extra costs prevent the middle-class from obtaining valuable
assets, both material and financial.  n5 The inability to procure assets thwarts
the middle-classes ability to obtaining capital, which is the key to upward
mobility in a capitalist economy.  n6

   Housing shortages are not merely a lower-class problem in Panama.  n7 With
the influx of hundreds of construction projects, as well as foreign residents
from the United States, Canada, Europe and elsewhere, there simply is not enough
affordable housing for working middle-class Panamanians. The average income in
Panama in 2006 was $ 4,890.  n8 As a result, middle-class Panamanians are forced
outside of Panama City into growing developments of charmless, simple houses
doting the outskirts of the city. As Panama's expansion continues, even these
housing options dwindle. The only alternatives left are to join the  [*509]
informal housing sector by constructing a home even further outside the city or
to rent.  n9

   To some, housing is merely a shelter, but to others, housing is more than
that.  n10 Housing affects a society in many different ways: from the economy,
to the social fabric of society, to the political stability of a country,  n11
housing has a wide net of impact. This impact comes from housings influence on
everything, from social cohesion and stability, to asset valuation, employment,
and wealth.  n12

   The lack of adequate title to property, for example, is a problem for those
who choose to build their own homes.  n13 Without a stake in the property, a
homeowner's ability to use his or her house as an asset is hindered, causing
this investment to become nothing more than a temporary shelter. Renters face
similar problems. Because the percentage of their income spent on housing
increases, renters see little to no return on their investment. These effects of
Panama's housing shortage prevent the middle-class from translating wages into
investments. During times of prosperity renters remain stagnant, and during
times of economic hardship they decline as they have no economic foothold other
than wages.  n14 Property is a form of physical capital which can play multiple
roles.  n15 Property can be  [*510]  used "to buffer temporary shocks, [produce]
income, and can be accumulated for long-term objectives such as financing
consumption after retirement."  n16

   Another consequence of the location of these houses is that more money is
required to get to and from work and obtain basic goods and services. For
example, in 2000, the average commute in Panama City was sixty minutes. This
figure will likely increase as more and more people continue to move to the
city.  n17 Additionally, living inside the city leaves the middle-class with
less money to spend on education, quality of life purchases, and housing
improvements. The increased cost of living associated with housing, along with
the inability of many middle-class citizens to turn wages into investments,
stifles upward mobility and exacerbates the wealth disparity in Panama.

   Not only does increased wealth disparity hurt the middle-class, but it can
also lead to an unstable political system.  n18 The lack of socio-political
mechanisms to provide for asset accumulation and upward mobility is
destabilizing.  n19 A population which sees possibility in a capitalist economy
is less prone to support destabilizing policies such as populist or
authoritarian regimes.  n20 On the other hand, proper mechanisms which ensure a
more equal distribution of asset ownership lead to a safer, more stable country.
n21

   This paper will address the current housing issues facing the middle-class
living in Panama City and the socio-political implications. Although Panama City
currently faces serious housing issues, especially with respect to working and
lower income classes,  n22 this paper will focus  [*511]  on those in the
middle-class who usually receive less direct assistance from the government.

   Part I analyzes Panama's current economic expansion and the factors driving
it. Part II addresses the laws and programs enacted by the Panamanian government
which encourage and regulate economic development. Zoning laws, tax incentives,
and current government programs aiding the middle-class in obtaining housing
will also be explored. Part III focuses on the social and political implications
that these laws and economic development have on the middle-class. Part IV
explores alternatives and amendments to the current legal framework which could
balance Panama's economic development with its need to provide adequate housing
to the middle-class.

I. Current Economic

   In 2006, Panama's economy grew 8.1%, and is estimated to have grown 7.8% in
2007.  n23 This recent economic growth sparked a real estate boom in Panama
City, causing the skyline to give birth to dozens of new skyscrapers.  n24 The
amount of construction taking place in Panama City is astronomical given the
city's population is a mere .5 million. This construction benefits Panama
because it creates jobs and brings in foreign money which stimulates the
economy.  n25 In fact, in 2007, Panama boasted a 7.2% unemployment rate. This
rate is a far lower than the 13% unemployment rate which existed for much of the
1990's and early 2000's.  n26 The newer unemployment rate indicates a promising
economic stimulus which could help  [*512]  move Panama towards greater wealth
equality. A necessary ingredient to expedite this equilibrium will be the
placement of the proper mechanisms.  n27

   There are several factors driving the new wave of construction, the influx of
capital, and the economic growth in the city formally quiet Latin American
capital. The Panama Canal ("Canal") is one of the main catalysts for this
explosion.  n28 In 1999, the United States ceded total control of both the Canal
and the entirety of the land making up the Canal Zone.  n29 Further, Panama now
receives all of the fees, tolls, and other revenue generated from the thousands
of ships that float through the Canal annually.  n30 In fact, this revenue makes
up 14% of Panama's GDP.  n31 With this increased revenue, Panama was able to
invest more in its infrastructure and modernization programs.  n32 Additionally,
the land acquired in the former Canal Zone gave Panama an opportunity to develop
other businesses related to shipping, ranging from shipyards to suppliers of
provisions and bunker fuels.  n33

   In addition to Canal ownership, the increasing size of the waterway itself is
helping to spur economic growth. In 2006, the Panamanian people voted to
increase the size of the locks.  n34 When the construction is complete, the
Canal will be equipped to handle not only twice as much traffic within the
thoroughfare, but an increased capacity for larger ships. The Canal, for the
first time, will accept Post-Panamax  [*513]  ships, which represent about 37%
of the world's container ships.  n35 The expansion is designed to assure
investors that the economy will continue to grow in the coming years and that
the Canal will remain a relevant trade route in the 21st century.  n36 By
investing in such large infrastructure projects, the Panamanians are encouraging
foreign companies to risk millions of dollars in developing the country.  n37
These investment firms include United Kingdom-based London & Regional. Recently
awarded a contract that could be worth up to $ 10 billion dollars, the firm
plans to create an urban city center on what used to be the Howard US Air Force
base.  n38

   The second major catalyst driving Panama's economic growth is the rapid
growth of real estate construction, the majority of which is in high-rise
condominiums. Much of this housing development is aimed at "baby boomer"
retirees and second home buyers from the US, Canada, and Europe.  n39 Almost
thirty thousand condos went on the market between July 2006 and July 2007,
totaling about $ 5.7 billion in sales.  n40 As of July 2007, there were 175
projects under construction and 120 more that have been approved by the
government, but have yet to begin construction.  n41 Of these current projects
11,000 more condos were expected to go online in the second half of 2007.  n42

    [*514]  The political and social stability of Panama is also one of the
driving factors for the large immigration of people and finance. According to
the World Bank report on government stability, Panama has remained very constant
in all six areas that are computed to determine a country's constancy over the
past ten years. Those areas are voice  n43 and accountability, political
stability and absence of violence, government effectiveness, regulatory quality,
rule of law, and control of corruption.  n44 In fact, based on this stability, a
large number of the upper and middle-class from Venezuela and Columbia have
migrated into Panama City. Searching for less restrictive government policies,
increased investment opportunities, and an escape from the possibility of threat
of violence and social unrest, oftentimes these expatriates are finding the
answer on the shores of Panama rather than their native countries.  n45

   The preceding factors constitute the main catalysts for the sudden growth of
Panama's economy. Foreign investors see a great deal of potential in Panama City
as both a hub of shipping and industry, as well as a retirement mecca for North
Americans and Europeans.  n46 The Panamanian government enacted focused
legislation to regulate the current growth and to alleviate the burden being
placed on the middle-class.  n47 The current mechanisms that are in effect in
Panama will be discussed in the following section.  n48

    [*515]  II. The Legal Framework

a. La Hipotecaria

   One program that the Panamanian government enacted to deal with the housing
issue is called La Hipotecaria.  n49 La Hipotecaria is a non-bank institution in
Panama that is designed to provide middle income people with loans for
residences. The Government gives a tax credit at the end of the year to
compensate home buyers for the difference between the preferential rates and the
actual market rates. In doing so, the La Hipotecaria allows a portion of the
population to afford housing that would otherwise not. One problem with this
initiative is that it only addresses the demand side of the market. The
middle-class are able to afford the housing, but it is either non-existent or is
way outside of the city center.  n50 The average income of those that borrow
money from La Hipotecaria have a monthly income between $ 400-$ 800. The average
loan size that is given is around $ 23,000, and roughly 500 are given every
month. This equates to 6,000 loans every year.  n51 Further, the program is only
open to those that are salaried employees,  n52 excluding non-salaried
employees, small business owners, and those working in the informal sector.  n53
Furthermore, these preferential loans are only available for new housing, and
not for the resale of old housing.  n54 This distorts the resale value of
middle-class  [*516]  housing, as it limits the number of people who can afford
to buy it.  n55

   The La Hipotecaria program is innovative and has opened up credit to a
segment of the population that would otherwise be unable to afford a house. It
is not, however, completely flawless.  n56 Certainly, the program must exclude
some who cannot prove their creditworthiness, otherwise it would go bankrupt.
The problem is with the manner in which they determine credit. Many people who
could make the payments are excluded because of the manner in which they make
their money.  n57 There need to be other methods of proving credit than just
showing proof that an individual has a salaried job.  n58 Creating a mechanism
that will allow non-salaried persons to obtain preferential loans will help
ensure that certain segments of the population are not arbitrarily excluded. The
goal of housing mechanisms should be to include as many people as possible
without jeopardizing the program. Including those that can prove their credit,
even if they do not have a traditional salary, will be a step in that direction.
One such option that will open up the program is to allow for a rental trial
period to establish credit.  n59

b. Zoning Laws

   Panama City's main tool for controlling development is density restrictions.
The law stipulates that only a certain amount of "dwellings" are to be built on
a specific tract of land.  n60 The density zoning restrictions were enacted
[*517]  in 1973, and they have not been updated to reflect the changing
development in the city.  n61 There are no current height restrictions in Panama
City, except for the historical colonial center, Casco Antigua.  n62 This has
created high rise buildings that are fifty stories tall, but only have two
dwellings per floor.  n63 As a result, Panama's population density in 2000 was
only 5,835 people per square kilometer.  n64 This is about 500 less than the
ordinary lower-middle-income country and about 800 less than the ordinary
upper-middle-income country.  n65 When comparing Panama City to other cities
around the world, Panama City is not maximizing the potential of its urban land.
n66 Therefore, Panama needs to update a zoning plan that is over thirty years
old to effectively concentrate the growing population in the city.

   The drawback to light density zoning is that it makes building middle-class
housing in the city economically disadvantageous. If a developer is limited in
the amount of units he or she can put on a tract of land, then the logical
response to ensuring a larger profit is to build more expensive units. This is
not to say that there should not be certain restrictions on density, but to
blanket the entire city with a very low density restriction is to artificially
deflate the housing market. This then causes urban sprawl. Other cities have
dealt with this issue in various ways.  n67 Mechanisms exist that can maintain
sustainable  [*518]  growth in a city center, while at the same time ensuring
that ample housing exists for middle income dwellers.  n68 Some of these options
include inclusionary zoning and infill housing coupled with effective investment
in the city infrastructure.  n69

c. Tax Incentives

   Another mechanism used by the government to stimulate and control growth is
tax incentives. One such law gave complete property tax relief to any housing
valued at $ 30,000 or less and completed by August of 2005.  n70 The law also
dictates that if the property is worth more than $ 30,000, then taxes must only
be paid on the amount greater than $ 30,000.  n71

   The legislature decided to make this incentive permanent and expanded it to
include all property. The current property tax structure in Panama exempts the
first $ 30,000 of value in the property from any property tax.  n72 The rate of
tax on the property then increases as the value of the property increases. This
property tax structure does not directly encourage the new construction of
middle-class housing. If the exemption were given only to property under $
30,000, then there would be an incentive to keep the property at a lower cost.

   The programs and incentives created by the Panamanian government are far from
what is necessary to maintain a stable balance in the real estate market. The
main  [*519]  focus of the actions taken are to help the middle-class obtain
financing or to ease the burden of taxes once they purchase the property. There
are, however, no substantial programs that stimulate the construction of
middle-class housing, especially in areas close to job centers and transit
routes. The lack of housing on the market has created many difficulties for the
middle-class, and it will continue to exacerbate the wealth disparity that
already exists in Panama.  n73 The following section will address the
implications that the housing shortage has on the average middle income
Panamanian.  n74

III. Socio-Economic Implications

   The impact of the current housing shortage is much more than a momentary
setback for the middle-class. The implications of a continued disenfranchisement
of the middle-class to the outskirts of the city and a continued inability to
find adequate housing could lead to much greater social and political problems
for Panama.  n75 In a capitalist society, a house represents more than a
dwelling or a shelter for a family. A house is an asset that can allow a person
to build capital and develop credit in order to procure other assets.  n76

   Asset building is an integral part of upward mobility in an economy.  n77 One
of the key factors to building a stronger middle-class is providing better
access to housing, which is one of the main assets a population accumulates.
n78  [*520]  Hindering an individual's ability to obtain housing thwarts the
main avenue to upward mobility. When that happens, the gap between the wealthy
and the poor will increase, and a greater squeeze will be put on the
middle-class. Economic inequality already plagues Panama, and according to the
Gini index, an indicator of income inequality, Panama is the fourteenth worst
country for wealth disparity in its citizenry.  n79 If this problem is
exacerbated because of unsatisfactory housing policies, then political turmoil
could follow. When populations have no possibility of a better future, they are
more likely to favor more radical regimes, and when that happens, foreign
investment ceases to flow.  n80

   The housing problems for the middle-class hinder the ability to acquire
assets in two ways. First and foremost, the shortage of affordable housing in
the city for the middle-class eliminates the possibility of a segment of the
middle-class to acquire the most common asset.  n81 A survey taken in 1995 of
middle-class housing showed that 35% of the middle-class in Panama City were not
homeowners.  n82 This segment of the population will remain economically
stagnant during economic booms because they are unable to translate wages into
an investment. During economic downturns this group will decline in the social
ladder because of the inability to acquire any lasting asset.

   The income this group earns is spent on rent, which supplies a present need
but offers no long-term benefit. As long as economic times are stable in Panama,
this segment will not suffer. The problems arise when wages and jobs are cut due
to an economic downturn. In the event of recession, renters will be one of the
most vulnerable groups of people because they have no savings or assets to rely
on in  [*521]  this situation.  n83 If the middle-class had adequate access to
housing, the wealth disparity would shrink, and the middle-class would be more
stable during economic downturns.  n84

   The second problem is that the housing that exists or is being built for the
middle-class does not allow for further asset accumulation or savings
accumulation. This situation will exacerbate the wealth disparity in Panama.
n85 The current trend in housing development for the middle-class is to build
rows of identical houses on the outskirts of the city. These houses are usually
sold for around $ 20,000 but lack access to any of the essentials necessary for
sustainable living, such as schools, health care, grocery stores, or jobs.  n86
They are placed there for one reason only: to provide shelter to the
middle-class. Most everything the middle class needs is in the center of the
city.  n87 Even though this group can afford the houses, the added costs to
basic necessities make it more difficult for income to be saved or invested in
other assets. An example of the added costs a person living in these dwellings
incurs is the commute to work. Buses are the only public transportation that
exists in Panama City.  n88

   Aside from the fare for each destination, a rider must consider the cost of
the time commuting, which can exceed two hours each way.  n89 The only
alternative to commuting via bus is to own a car or take a taxi.  n90 When
taking a car from these neighborhoods, the commute is usually an hour each way
in gridlocked traffic.  n91 Thus, a person living  [*522]  in the outskirts may
own a house, but getting to the city for basic necessities or work requires a
car, gas, maintenance, and other expenses that go along with long commutes to
work. These added expenses eliminate a person's ability to save money and to
acquire assets, such as better housing or improvements on the housing they
already own. The added costs of living outside of the city center restrict the
mobility, both physically and economically, of the citizenry.

IV. Alternative Regulatory Mechanisms

   There are many regulatory or legal options that the Panamanian government can
choose to employ in an effort to deal with the current housing situation in the
capital city.  n92 This section will address some of the overarching policies
and laws that need to change, in order to effectuate a better balance between
the current economic growth and the need for adequate housing for the
middle-class.

   In regards to housing, a major problem that arises in many urban areas is the
scarcity of land. Panama City is no different. The government has not aided in
this problem by its policies either. Currently, zoning regulations are
artificially depreciating the amount of possible dwellings in the city.  n93
Because Panama City places restrictions on the amount of dwellings that may be
placed on a certain hectare, the total possible amount of dwellings is
minimized. This not only limits the amount of people who can move to the city,
but it also raises the price of the existing dwellings.  n94 Panama must first
alter its density zoning laws to afford the possibility of more middle-class
housing in the city. As mentioned, the middle-class has a dire need to be
[*523]  closer to necessary resources and work.  n95 One of the reasons why
there are density restrictions in place is because there is a limited ability of
the current infrastructure to handle more people. Infrastructure development is
an important part of developing housing for a wide array of the population. The
following zoning changes will not be possible if the proper infrastructure is
not in place. Solutions for improving the infrastructure in the city will be
discussed later in this section.  n96

   A zoning tool that has been implemented in various urban areas to directly
deal with the problem of middle-class housing shortages in the United States is
inclusionary zoning.  n97 The main function of inclusionary zoning is to lift
certain density restrictions on a development, but in return, the developer must
make a certain number of the units affordably priced for the middle-class. This
ensures that only those in the middle-class are purchasing these units.  n98
This type of zoning is in place in states as different from one another as, for
example, California and Maryland.  n99 This housing is usually set aside for
those households that make between 80% and 120% of the average income.  n100 In
order to offset the added cost to developers, the government can give density
bonuses or tax incentives. The goal is to mix the levels of income in a specific
area and allow the middle-class easy access to job markets and transportation
hubs.  n101

   Another development technique that is being utilized in markets with housing
crises is infill housing. Infill housing is a technique of ensuring that land in
an urban  [*524]  setting is being fully utilized to its maximum potential.
n102 The purpose of infill housing is to create denser housing in areas that are
not being properly utilized. It can involve the creation or modification of
condos, apartments, townhouses, or single family homes. The purpose of the
development is to place more dwellings in areas that can sustain them.  n103
Usually such housing redevelopment is done near existing or planned transit
routes, job centers, or within walking distance of amenities and services.  n104
The placement of these dense centers of housing is important because if they are
near these public amenities, they allow middle and low income households to reap
the benefits of their location.  n105 It will also require specific funding for
the improvement of the infrastructure in that area to deal with the increased
population.  n106

   Infill housing does not come without its own problems and obstacles. Because
it entails developing denser housing in already established areas of a city,
city officials will often face a backlash from those already living in the area.
n107 This problem is to be expected, as bringing denser housing can cause many
more difficulties for the pre-existing communities, such as higher congestion
and greater pressure on the existing infrastructure.  n108 Depending on the
political structure for zoning decisions, legislative amendments to the city's
general plan and zoning regulations may be required in order for an infill
development to be built.  n109

    [*525]  Since there can be a wide array of problems to acquiring infill
housing approval and development, the initial time and capital investment into
these types of projects is essential. A team of professionals that are not only
knowledgeable about infill developments but are also familiar with the city, its
infrastructure, and government is essential to getting an infill project started
and ensuring that it is in the proper area of a city.  n110 Infill housing
should be left to the private sector to build, but there are several legal
mechanisms the government can use to encourage this type of efficient
development. Examples of policies that have been used are lower impact fees if a
developer upgrades infrastructure, a smoother and faster process of permit
acquisition, lessening of zoning restrictions, or tax break incentives.  n111
Flexible land use policies and building restrictions can improve the private
provision of serviced land and houses, which makes them available to households
across the wealth spectrum.  n112 Infill housing is an individualized process of
urban development, so each project may require different incentives and may
encounter various problems. Knowledgeable professionals and a thorough
understanding of the city are essential to effective infill projects.  n113

   In order to facilitate these types of specific zoning development, the city
also needs to invest in the infrastructure of these areas.  n114 The term
infrastructure refers to a wide variety of things such as water supply, sewage
systems, traffic lights, green space and road conditions.  n115 It is necessary
that a given area's infrastructure be up to date if  [*526]  more people are
going to live in that area.  n116 In order to develop infrastructure, many urban
areas across the United States utilize a funding tool known as tax increment
financing (TIF).

   A TIF finances redevelopment and community improvement in a specific area of
a city. In the area set apart for the TIF, the property taxes are frozen at a
particular level.  n117 Once the level of property taxes has been frozen, all of
the revenue generated by the property taxes will go into a fund for the
redevelopment of that area.  n118 The projected increase in tax revenue that
will occur because of the redevelopment is then calculated.  n119 From that
projected amount, bonds are issued by the government and placed in a special
account that can only be used to fund projects in that area.  n120 As the tax
revenue is generated over the years, the bonds are paid back by the increases in
the tax revenue.  n121 The tax revenue raised will be used to combat the issues
that normally arise in densely populated areas.  n122 TIF funds are commonly
used to build and maintain roads. Traffic is a constant problem in Panama City,
which is evidenced by the long commute times of workers in the city.  n123 TIF
funds would need to be used to create new roads, improve existing ones, and
install traffic lights. The Panamanian General Assembly would have to pass a law
that would allow the Ministry of Housing to issue bonds for these particular
projects.

    [*527]  The key to TIF is that the tax revenue generated from a specific
area can only be used for improvements in that area. By allowing a city to
target areas for growth, it gives it more control over urban planning.  n124
Along with the previously mentioned zoning tools, the city could adequately
control the amount and placement of middle-class housing. Panama City could
create a TIF to both redevelop an underused part of the city, and to ensure that
an adequate amount of middle-class housing is available. In order to accomplish
this, the city could use inclusionary zoning to make sure developers put up more
than just high-end units.

   Another area of city infrastructure that needs to be addressed is public
transportation.  n125 Without some system of public transportation the city
cannot sustain a large migration of people into the city center.  n126 The city
already has a plan in place for public transit, but the national government has
stalled the project.  n127 Their plan is to mimic the system of long,
accordion-style buses with dedicated lanes that has proven effective in
Curitiba, Brazil.  n128 The buses would essentially act as an aboveground
subway.  n129 The bus stops would be glass tubes that more closely resemble
train stops than bus stations.  n130 The Curitiba system is able to carry about
the same amount of passengers as a subway would, and it cost 100 times less.
n131 This system needs to be a top priority if the city wants to continue to
grow in an efficient manner. The areas around the bus "stations"  [*528]  would
be ideal areas to implement some of the zoning mechanisms discussed earlier.
They would be close to transit centers which would make the daily commute for
middle-class citizens more affordable.

   None of these proposed solutions alone can solve the housing problems in
Panama City. Rather, it will take the implementation of all of the
aforementioned mechanisms to achieve a better situated and housed middle-class.
Without ensuring that the infrastructure in a newly rezoned area is adequate to
support the increased density, the problems will only be exacerbated. If the
water system, for example, cannot support the increased population then the idea
of making resources more available to the middle-class by moving them into the
city becomes a futile objective. Also, if roads and public transportation are
not improved, then commutes to work will not decrease even though the people
live closer to their employment. If, however, the government works to balance
the current high-end housing growth in the city center with an adequate amount
of middle-class housing and proper infrastructure, there can be an alleviation
of the current housing problems.

   Outside of getting more middle-class housing in the city center, the
government can also help the middle-class by improving their current housing
situation. A large percentage of middle-class households choose to incrementally
build their own houses, as opposed to purchasing them.  n132 In 1996, 70% of the
middle to lower-middle income home owners built their houses.  n133 One way the
government could facilitate this type of construction is through the use of
microfinancing.  n134 Microfinancing for housing entails small loans, usually
between $ 250 to $ 5,000, and a relatively short amortization period, between 2
to 10 years.  n135  [*529]  These smaller loans can be used to either improve
one's house or to expand it.  n136 The obstacle to establishing a microfinancing
market in a developing country is that these types of loans are often not
profitable for banks.  n137 These small loans require high transaction and
monitoring costs and low repayment rates.  n138 Because of these economic
hurdles, the market, on its own, will often not supply these types of loans even
though the demand exists for them.  n139

   Microfinancing is an example of how innovative governmental policies can
encourage the marketplace to perform differently than it would under normal
conditions.  n140 The Panamanian government could enact a program that would
guarantee these microloans for private banks, thus taking the risk factor out of
the equation for the banks.  n141 Another alternative would be for the
government itself to create a program that gave out these loans.  n142 However,
many housing economists believe that government policies work best when they
enable the marketplace as opposed to becoming a market player.  n143 Encouraging
and incentivizing nongovernmental organizations to offer microloans is also a
very effective way to fill this gap in the market.  n144 An example of a
microfinance bank that has flourished is the Grameen Bank.  n145 This bank gives
out small loans to impoverished individuals in Bangladesh to allow them to start
businesses and obtain housing.  n146 It has allowed individuals unable to enter
the normal credit and  [*530]  loan sector to develop assets.  n147 A similar
microfinance program in Panama could offer the same benefits to some sectors of
the middle-class. The Grameen Bank is a private entity, so the Panamanian
government would need to create incentives to encourage the development of such
a program.  n148

   In order to encourage private organizations to offer microloans for home
improvements, the government could institute a program similar to La
Hipotecaria, but for microloans. Often, the rates offered for smaller loans are
higher as a result of the added costs of this type of financing for banks.  n149
If the government were to subsidize the rates they would become more affordable
to a wider base and would lower the cost for housing improvements by those
participating in the program.  n150 This program should not be open to a group
as large as La Hipotecaria. The majority of those that incrementally build their
houses are in the lower part of the middle-class. Thus, limiting the section of
the population that may take advantage of the program would ensure that the
funds invested are reaching those that most need the assistance, the lower
strata of the middle-class.

   Finally, the government needs to expand its subsidized loans to include
households made up of non-salaried workers.  n151 One option would be to develop
hire-purchasing housing. Families that did not meet the criteria for
preferential housing loans could rent a house for several years to prove their
creditworthiness, and then purchase it.  n152 The government would not have to
manage this program,  [*531]  but it could give preferential rates to developers
on their loans during the period in which they hold and rent the asset.  n153 By
offering lower rates on loans to developers during the rental period, the
developers are more likely to go along with these programs. It does not affect
their profit margin as much to keep properties for longer periods of time
because they have to pay less in interest on their outstanding loans.  n154

V. Conclusion

   Housing in today's economies is more than just a place to rest one's head. It
is a stepping stone to greater wealth and upward mobility.  n155 A house is one
of the more common assets people acquire.  n156 It can be used as collateral to
allow the owner to invest in other markets, and it can also give financial
security during economic downturns.  n157 If a country impedes the
middle-class's ability to obtain adequate housing it is stifles their economic
future, and exacerbates the gap between rich and poor.  n158

   The current housing policy framework in Panama does not adequately protect
and encourage the middle-class during this current economic boom.  n159 The
current financing programs, such as La Hipotecaria, extend housing credit to
some of the middle-class who would otherwise be unable to obtain a mortgage, but
they also exclude a large cross-section of the middle-class at the same time.
n160 The zoning laws of Panama City are not flexible enough to  [*532]  allow
for efficient use of urban land.  n161 As a result of the density restrictions
on development in the city, Panama City has a lower population density than the
average city of similar wealth.  n162

   These shortcomings in Panama City's framework place a heavy financial toll on
the middle-class. Because the middle-class must put forth a much greater
financial effort to obtain adequate housing, their ability to move up the
economic ladder is diminished.  n163 Stagnant economic mobility in a country can
have tumultuous political consequences.  n164 As stated earlier, the political
stability of Panama is one of the driving forces behind the current economic
boom.  n165 If the widening socioeconomic gap were to create an unstable
political situation, an economic downturn would likely follow.  n166 Therefore,
housing policies that enable the middle-class to obtain adequate housing would
benefit the country as a whole, and help ensure that the current wave of fortune
does not subside.

   In order to fix the current framework, Panama needs to look to more
progressive methods of urban planning including inclusionary zoning and infill
housing.  n167 These zoning policies will promote a more efficient use of the
land in Panama City.  n168 Along with more efficient use of the land, the city
needs to invest more in developing the infrastructure of the city.  n169 Without
better infrastructure, the city cannot handle greater population density.  n170
As for financing, the government needs to help develop a strong  [*533]
microfinance market that will enable the middle-class to build, improve, and
enlarge their housing.  n171 The government also needs to expand the
preferential housing loan program to include the segment of the middle-class
made up of non-salaried workers.  n172 A hire-purchasing program would open up
the system to this disenfranchised group.  n173 The government needs to ensure
that the current prosperity in Panama does not land in the hands of the few, but
rather facilitates greater equality. With greater equality, greater stability
and economic growth will follow.  n174

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsLocal GovernmentsEmployees & OfficialsGovernmentsLocal
GovernmentsFinancePublic Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesEconomic Development

FOOTNOTES:





n1  CIA WORLD FACTBOOK, PANAMA,
https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/pm.html (last
visited Mar. 26, 2008).





n2  Lourdes Garcia-Navarro, Panama's Exploding Economy Attracts Investors (NPR
radio broadcast, July 21, 2007) available at
http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyID=12043743.





n3  See infra text accompanying note 23.





n4  Andres Solimano, Asset Accumulation by the Middle-class and the Poor in
Latin America: Political Economy and Governance Dimensions 8 (Macroeconomia del
Desarrollo Series No. 55, 2007).





n5  Id. at 13.





n6  HERNANDO DE SOTO, THE MYSTERY OF CAPITAL: WHY CAPITALISM TRIUMPHS IN THE
WEST AND FAILS EVERYWHERE ELSE 49, 51 (2000).





n7  Tiffany Williams, The Ties that Bind: Capitalizing on the Existing Social
Fabric in Public Housing to Revitalize Neighborhoods and Avoid Displacement in
Panama City, Panama.





n8  Panama Data Profile,
http://devdata.worldbank.org/external/CPProfile.asp?PTYPE=CP&CCODE=PAN (select
"Panama" from dropdown list).





n9  Presentation by Manuel Trute, Urban planner, Panama City (Dec. 14, 2007)
(notes on file with the author).





n10  Kenro Dowers & Pietro Masci, REFORMING LATIN AMERICAN HOUSING MARKETS: A
GUIDE FOR POLICY ANALYSIS 1 (Inter-American Development Bank, 2003) available at
http://idbdocs.iadb.org/wsdocs/getdocument.aspx?docnum=419948.





n11  Id. at v.





n12  Id. at 1.





n13  Shlomo Angel, The Housing Policy Assessment and Its Application to Panama,
10 J. HOUSING ECON. 176, 186 (2001).





n14  DE SOTO, supra note 6 at 49.





n15  Orazio Attanasio & Miguel Szekely, An Asset-Based Approach to the Analysis
of Poverty in Latin America 8 (Inter-Am. Dev. Bank, Working Paper No. R-376,
1999), available at http://www.iadb.org/res/publications/pubfiles/pubr-376.pdf.





n16  Id.





n17  Angel, supra note 13, at 194.





n18  Solimano, supra note 4.





n19  Id.





n20  Id. at 13.





n21  Id.





n22  Williams, supra note 7.





n23  CIA FACTBOOK, supra note 1.





n24  Richard Lapper & Adam Thompson, Gates Unlocked to Surprise Prosperity, FIN.
TIMES, July 24, 2007, at 1, available at
http://www.ft.com/cms/s/01/40406796-391f-lldc-ab48-000779fd2ac,dwp-uuid=8ad4e3ee
-3920-lldc.





n25  Id.





n26  CIA FACTBOOK, supra note 1.





n27  Dowers & Masci, supra note 10, at 2.





n28  Adam Thompson, Panama Exudes Pride as Widening of Canal Begins, FIN. TIMES,
Sept. 3, 2007, at 1.





n29  Brad Reagan, The Panama Canal's Ultimate Upgrade, POPULAR MECHANICS, Feb.
2007, available at
http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/transportation/4212183.html?page=1.





n30  Id.





n31  Id.





n32  Lapper & Thompson, supra note 24.





n33  Id.





n34  Thompson, supra note 28.





n35  Reagan, supra note 29.





n36  Id.





n37  Richard Lapper & Adam Thompson, Panama Builds on Economic Boom, FIN. TIMES,
July 11, 2007, available at
http://www.ft.com/cms/s/7834d0e4-2fd6-11do-a68f-000077fd2ac,dap-uid=.





n38  Id.





n39  Lapper & Thompson, supra note 24.





n40  Eliza Barclay, Latin America's Real Estate Panamania, FORTUNE, July 5,
2007, available at
http://money.cnn.com/magazines/fortune/fortune_archive/2007/07/09/100122336.





n41  Id.





n42  Id.





n43  Country Data Report for Panama, 1996-2006, World Bank Institute, 2006,
available at http://info.worldbank.org/governance/wgi2007/pdf/c171.pdf (voice
has to do with the freedom of press).





n44  Id.





n45  Id.





n46  Garcia-Navarro, supra note 2.





n47  See infra Part II.





n48  Id.





n49  La Hipotecaria is Spanish for "The Mortgage Store." See La Hipotecaria,
www.lahipotecaria.com (last visited Mar. 26, 2008).





n50  Id.





n51  La Hipotecaria, Company Profile,
http://www.lahipotecaria.com/english/generales_empresa.htm (last visited Mar.
26, 2008).





n52  Angel, supra note 13, at 197.





n53  Id.





n54  Id.





n55  Id.





n56  Id.





n57  Id.





n58  Id. at 201.





n59  See infra note 150.





n60  "Por la cual se crea la corporacion Azucarera La Victotoria," Ley No. 9. de
25 de enero de 1973; Gaceta Oficial No. 17.276 (viernes 2 de febrerio de 1973).





n61  Id.





n62  Indira Lakshmanan, In Panama City's Old Quarter, a Rebirth Takes Place,
BOSTON GLOBE, Jan. 22, 2007, available at
http://www.boston.com/news/world/articles/2007/01/22/in_panama_citys_old_quarter
_a_rebirth_takes_place.





n63  Kevin Brass, Developers Press Ahead in Panama City, INTERNATIONAL HERALD
TRIBUNE, Jan. 31, 2008, available at
http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/01/30/properties/repan.php.





n64  Angel, supra note 13, at 194.





n65  Id.





n66  Id.





n67  See infra Section IV.





n68  Id.





n69  Id.





n70  Property Tax Exonerations/Incentives for New Construction,
http://www.panamarealtor.com/real-estate-law-incentives/tax-exonerations (last
visited Mar. 26, 2008).





n71  Id.





n72  Panama Tax Code, art. 764, available at
http://www.panamarealtor.com/real-estate-law-incentives/panama-real-estate-taxes
.





n73  Solimano, supra note 4, at 13.





n74  See infra Section IV.





n75  Solimano, supra note 4, at 5 (explaining that when middle and lower income
classes of people are unable to obtain assets they have no upward mobility, and
without upward mobility, democracy is much harder to maintain).





n76  DE SOTO, supra note 6, at 51.





n77  Solimano, supra note 4, at 15.





n78  Id.





n79  CIA FACTBOOK, supra note 1.





n80  Solimano, supra note 4, at 16.





n81  Id. at 15.





n82  HAROLD KATSURA & CLARE ROMANICK, HOUSING DEMAND AMONG PANAMA'S MIDDLE- AND
LOW-INCOME POPULATION 3-4 (1996).





n83  Solimano, supra note 4, at 8.





n84  Id.





n85  Solimano, supra note 4, at 5.





n86  Trute, supra note 9.





n87  Id.





n88  Id.





n89  Jason Margolis, Part II: Developing Panama City, THE WORLD, May 22, 2007,
available at http://www.theworld.org/?q=node/10252.





n90  Id.





n91  Id.





n92  Dowers & Masci, supra note 10, at 12.





n93  Supra note 59.





n94  John J. Delaney, How We Got into a Workforce Housing Crisis: And Why
Getting out of It Will Not Be Easy, LAND USE INST. (ALI-ABA COURSE STUDY
MATERIALS) 5 (2006).





n95  Id. at 7.





n96  See infra notes 113-33.





n97  Delaney, supra note 94, at 8.





n98  Id. at 9.





n99  Id.





n100  Id.





n101  Id.





n102  Jonathan C. Curtis & Mary C. Klima, Department Practice Tips: The
Challenges of Infill Housing, 27 LOS ANGELES LAW 12 (2005).





n103  Id.





n104  Id. at 2.





n105  Id.





n106  See infra notes 113-33.





n107  Curtis, supra note 102, at 3.





n108  Id.





n109  Id.





n110  Id.





n111  Id. at 2.





n112  Dowers, supra note 10, at 81.





n113  Curtis, supra note 102, at 4.





n114  Angel, supra note 13, at 205.





n115  Catherine Michel, Brother, Can You Spare a Dime: Tax Increment Financing
in Indiana, 71 IND. L.J. 457, 458 (1996).





n116  Angel, supra note 13, at 205.





n117  Neighborhood Capital Budget Group, How Do TIF's Work?, available at
http://www.ncbg.org/tifs/tif_how.htm (last visited April 8, 2008).





n118  Id.





n119  Michel supra note 115, at 458.





n120  Id.





n121  Id.





n122  Id.





n123  See supra note 91.





n124  Id.





n125  Rene Paniza, City Planner, Presentation in Panama City (Dec. 11, 1999)
(notes on file with author).





n126  Id.





n127  Id.





n128  Id.





n129  Id.





n130  Id.





n131  Arthur Lubow, The Road to Curitiba, N.Y. TIMES, May 7, 2007, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/20/magazine/20Curitiba-t.html?pagewanted=1&_r=2&t
h&emc=th (last visited April 8, 2008).





n132  Katsura, supra note 82, at 17.





n133  Id.





n134  Dowers, supra note 10, at 73.





n135  Id. at 77.





n136  Id.





n137  PATRICE FRANKO, THE PUZZLE OF LATIN AMERICAN ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT, 407
(2007).





n138  Id.





n139  Id.





n140  See Dowers, supra note 10, at 78.





n141  Id.





n142  Angel, supra note 13, at 202.





n143  Id.





n144  See Dowers, supra note 10, at 78.





n145  Grameen Bank, http://www.grameen-info.org/bank.





n146  Id.





n147  Id.





n148  Id.





n149  See Alfredo Stein and Luis Castillo, Innovative Financing for Low-Income
Housing Improvement: Lessons from Programmes in Central America, 17 Environment
and Urbanization 47, 52 (2005).





n150  Id. at 56.





n151  Angel, supra note 13, at 201.





n152  Id.





n153  Id. at 202.





n154  Id.





n155  Dowers, supra note 10, at 1.





n156  Solimano, supra note 4, at 16.





n157  Id. at 16.





n158  Id.





n159  See supra Part I.





n160  See supra text accompanying notes 56-59.





n161  See supra text accompanying notes 61-67.





n162  Angel, supra note 13, at 194.





n163  Solimano, supra note 4, at 19.





n164  Id.





n165  See supra Part I.





n166  Solimano, supra note 4, at 18.





n167  Id.





n168  Id.





n169  Id.





n170  Id.





n171  Id.





n172  Id.





n173  See supra text accompanying notes 152-54.





n174  Solimano, supra note 4, at 21.


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       August 19, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Ann Arbor SPARK: Five Companies Receive Michigan Microloan Fund Program Awards

LENGTH: 413  words


New Delhi, Aug. 19 -- Five Michigan companies have received a combined total of
$250,000 through the Michigan Microloan Fund Program, bringing the total amount
loaned through the Fund to more than $3.8 million.  The companies received the
funding to support commercialization of their core products.



"The Michigan Microloan Fund Program is an exceptional tool for helping
businesses bridge the gap between start-up and commercialization," said Joe
Licavoli, Ann Arbor SPARK's manager, capital programs.  "We are seeing an
increasing number of companies that have been incubated in Michigan and have
been steadily growing here ready to tackle the challenge of bringing a product
to market.  It's a huge asset to our economy to have the Michigan Microloan Fund
Program support available to these emerging businesses."

The Michigan Microloan Fund Program recipients are:

* Exo Dynamics of Ann Arbor is commercializing a mechatronic back brace.

* Interleaved Magnetic Products of Ann Arbor is commercializing an
energy-efficient magnetic-driven motor.  Its first product will be a personal
audio loud speaker.

* Protean Payment of Ann Arbor is commercializing its reprogrammable smart card
that replaces all of the cards in a consumer's wallet.

* Reconsider of Ypsilanti is commercializing its services as a center for
thought leadership, serving as an information and connectivity hub focused on
operationalizing emerging trends in community capital for the new impact
economy.

* solartonic of Ann Arbor is commercializing its line of fully integrated solar
products that extend beyond simple "panel on a frame" installations, including
its innovative solarap systems for outdoor energy efficient lighting
applications.

The Eastern Washtenaw Microloan Fund Program was the source of Reconsider's
award. The Michigan Pre-Seed Capital Fund was the source of funding for the
remaining microloans.

Since the Michigan Microloan Fund Program was established in July 2009, 89
companies have received more than $3.8 million in subordinated loans.

Microloans available through the Michigan Microloan Fund Program range from
$10,000 to $50,000.  To qualify, companies must be a small business, have
ownership or license to innovative technology, and be privately held.

The Michigan Microloan Fund Program is comprised of three distinct microloan
funds: The Eastern Washtenaw Microloan Fund, the Michigan Pre-Seed Capital Fund,
and the City of Ann Arbor via funding from the Ann Arbor/Ypsilanti Local LDFA.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2014 Fordham Environmental Law Review
                        Fordham Environmental Law Review

                                  March, 2014

                        Fordham Environmental Law Review

                         25 Fordham Envtl. Law Rev. 393

LENGTH: 17830 words

ARTICLE: CONNECTING THE DOTS: SYNERGIES AMONG GRASSROOTS TOOLS FOR AUTHENTIC
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT

NAME: Paulette L. Stenzel *

BIO:


* Professor of Sustainability and International Business Law, Broad College of
Business, Michigan State University (MSU). I am grateful to MSU's Department of
Finance, Center for Latin American and Caribbean Studies (CLACS), and Center for
International Business Education and Research (CIBER), each of which provided
partial funding for the research on which this article is based. I also thank my
student assistants Allison Bratzel, Kelly Fournier, Mark Lyons, and Mitch
Ostrowski for assistance with editing.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... They work through businesses and educational organizations devoted to Fair
Trade, Direct Trade, and similar programs; organics; local production and
purchasing; microfinance; and cooperatives.  ... First, some believe that USDA
certification standards were watered down in response to industry lobbying and
that USDA certification is of limited use because its standards are low.  ...
Transparency Transparency is crucial to the grassroots tools of sustainability;
lack of transparency is one of many contributing factors leading to fatal
disasters in factories in developing countries.  ... In the area of local food
production, eatlocalgrown is a crowd-sourced tool to help people find, rate, and
share information about farms, farmers' markets, restaurants, grocery stores and
cooperatives, as well as artisans.  ... Small producers' organizations (SPOs)
are upset with the way mainstreaming of Fair Trade, especially as led by Fair
Trade USA, is shifting the focus of Fair Trade away from small coffee producers,
who were founders of coffee certification programs in the 1980s.  ...
Cooperatives Making Microloans for Organic, Local Produce Food cooperatives in
the United States focus on local and organic products, and usually include Fair
Trade items in their product lines.  ... Some Fair Trade companies are beginning
to use QR codes to make it easy for consumers to learn about their supply chain
and producers of their products.  ... Nevertheless, they are important tools
that are already helping move our society toward a new paradigm that is built
through personal relationships, trust, and community and is based on pursuit of
the Triple Bottom Line: economy, social equity, and environment.  ... The
grassroots tools include Fair Trade and Direct Trade; organics; local production
and purchasing; microfinance; and cooperatives.  ... Fair Trade and Direct Trade
standards and practices in the apparel industry lead to safer working conditions
and fair wages for workers.

TEXT:
 [*393]  INTRODUCTION

   As the world becomes increasingly interconnected, we need a new paradigm for
business development based on respect for human beings, other sentient beings,
and the Earth.  n1 We live in the midst of on-going assaults on human beings and
the Earth resulting from unsustainable practices in business and agriculture.
Citizens are shocked by reports of the April 2013 disaster in a garment factory
in Bangladesh killing at least 1,127 people,  n2 and other reports of  [*394]
children working under slave labor conditions on West African cocoa plantations.
n3 They do not know what to believe when confronted with conflicting assertions
regarding potential threats from genetically modified (GM) foods  n4 and
chemicals used in production of food and consumer goods. The U.S. middle class
is shrinking as manufacturing jobs go to countries where people work for pennies
per hour. As a result, citizens feel betrayed by government and large
corporations. Concurrently, an increasing number of U.S. citizens work for low
wages without health and other social benefits.  n5 In short, consumers,
workers, and many business leaders are realizing that our  [*395]  conventional
trade practices are unsustainable because they are harmful to the Earth and all
her beings.

   In response, hundreds of companies are shifting toward business practices
designed to promote sustainable development. Action and leadership by major
companies, a "top-down" approach, is essential to sustainable development. In
light of our myriad problems, more action is needed and that action must come
from many directions. Therefore, individual citizens, non-governmental
organizations, and small to medium sized businesses are also seeking more
sustainable ways of doing business based on grassroots, "ground-up" tools.  n6
These grassroots tools include Fair Trade (and programs that share its goals),
cooperatives, microfinance, organics, and local purchasing. When viewed through
the lens of a Triple Bottom Line comprised of economy, social equity, and
environment, the grassroots tools play an important role in sustainable
development. Moreover, the grassroots tools are particularly effective because
they intertwine, nurture, and support each other.

   The late Steve Jobs, former majority owner of Apple and Pixar, said, "You
can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking
backwards."  n7 One commentator explains, "Connecting the dots means to
understand one's past, and to know how to put past decisions into context."  n8
This article is about connecting the dots among the various grassroots tools. It
describes the attributes of each tool and explores their shared traits and
synergies. Part I provides context, exploring the concept of sustainability as
defined by the Triple Bottom Line of economy, social equity, and environment. It
also discusses development of the sustainability movement and how it has been
led by companies that incorporate sustainable action as part of Corporate Social
Responsibility. Leadership comes through use of grassroots tools, which are the
subject of this article. Part II defines and examines the  [*396]  attributes of
grassroots tools including Fair Trade and similar programs; organics; local
production and purchasing; microfinance, and cooperatives. It also identifies
attributes of grassroots tools including transparency, community, long-term
perspectives, cooperative working relationships, community education, and
informed decision-making. Part III explores the shared attributes of grassroots
organizations and how they promote sustainable development. Part IV introduces
the question: what role, if any, should government and law play as the
grassroots tools develop and become more integral to doing business in the
twenty-first century? In light of the exploratory nature of this article and the
depth of discussion needed for each of the grassroots tools, this section and
this article cannot make detailed recommendations. It does, however, set out the
path for further research. Part V briefly explores the limitations of grassroots
tools, emphasizing that, while they are not "the solution" to multiple problems,
they are significant among the multiple tools needed to move society toward a
new paradigm based on sustainability.

   I. BACKGROUND: SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT IS INTEGRAL TO CORPORATE SOCIAL
RESPONSIBILITY

   This section introduces the overlap between Corporate Social Responsibility
(CSR) and sustainable development. It also explains the Triple Bottom Line
approach to identifying actions by corporations that may promote or deter
sustainable development.

A. Corporate Social Responsibility

   In recent decades, increasing numbers of U.S. and multinational corporations
have embraced, or at least presented themselves as embracing CSR, which one
writer defines as "the continuing commitment by business to contribute to
economic development while improving the quality of life of the workforce and
their families as well as of the community and society at large."  n9 As
Professor Steven Ferrey notes, "[c]orporate social responsibility is a  [*397]
somewhat amorphous and evolving concept."  n10 Companies' initiatives vary
widely, depending on the industry involved. For example, an energy company's CSR
efforts will involve a company's investment in renewable energy as well as
efforts to minimize its contribution to climate change by reducing its carbon
emissions.  n11

   Much of what companies do in the area of CSR is rooted in voluntary programs
n12 such as the ISO 14000 International Environmental Standards,  n13 the Global
Reporting Initiative,  n14 and the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices.  n15
Additionally, the movement has been advanced by a United Nations project
designed to identify the human rights responsibilities of multinational
companies which resulted in a "Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights:
Implementing the United Nations 'Protect, Respect and Remedy Framework,'" which
was endorsed by the United Nations Human Rights Council.  n16

B. Sustainable Development and the Triple Bottom Line

   Sustainability has been at the center of international discussions related to
trade and development for several decades. In 1987, the United Nations World
Commission on Environment and Development (World Commission) provided a (now)
widely used definition which states that sustainability is the ability of
society to  [*398]  "[meet] the needs of the present without compromising the
ability of future generations to meet their own needs."  n17 This focus on
future generations is longstanding among indigenous people of the Western
Hemisphere. The Great Law of the Iroquois says:


     [L]ook and listen for the welfare of the whole people and have always
     in view not only the present but also the coming generations, even
     those whose faces are yet beneath the surface of the ground--the
     unborn of the future Nation.  n18

   Many people assume that sustainability is synonymous with environmental
protection, but its focus has been shifting to the Triple Bottom Line, which
looks at economy, environment, and social equity. Researchers emphasize that
sustainability "is about the interdependence of living organisms and communities
(both human and nonhuman) over the long haul . . . . Each has an impact on and
consequences for the others."  n19 Many businesses today are approaching the
corollary realization that sustainability ensures a firm's long-term viability.

   Peter Senge is a leader in the sustainability movement. In The Fifth
Discipline: The Art and Practice of the Learning Organization, he sets out plans
for customer and employee relations that focus on sustainability, and he
explains how to deal with conflicts between environmental and business
interests.  n20 In Natural Capitalism: Creating the Next Industrial Revolution,
Paul Hawkens, Amory  [*399]  Lovins, and L. Hunter Lovins encourage businesses
to focus on "natural capital," leading to a future in which businesses
simultaneously meet customers' needs, increase profits, and protect the
environment.  n21

   Ray C. Anderson, founder and CEO of the global corporation Interface Carpets,
was a leader in the sustainability movement.  n22 In Confessions of a Radical
Industrialist: Profits, People Purpose-Doing Business by Respecting the Earth,
Anderson described how his company pioneered a sustainable management in an
industry that is highly dependent on petroleum and traditionally has contributed
heavily to waste streams. He cut his company's dependence on fossil fuels,
reduced waste, and created new contracts pursuant to which customers lease
carpet and later return it for reprocessing. Simultaneously, he and his managers
were and are highly transparent with employees, customers, and other businesses.
n23 Anderson's work goes on through his company and through the Ray C. Anderson
Foundation, created in Anderson's honor. The foundation promotes a sustainable
society by funding projects that promote change toward sustainable manufacturing
cycles. Its goals include educating the public and business leaders in
meaningful ways to help propel a revolution in the way we produce and consume
products.  n24

   The World Commission's definition of sustainability is helpful conceptually
but lacks specificity. The Triple Bottom Line provides a starting point for
developing specific ways to identify and monitor actions that contribute to the
economy, social equity, and the environment. Working with the United Nations
Environmental Programme (UNEP), the non-profit organization Ceres developed a
program called the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).  n25 The GRI  [*400]
provides criteria to examine a company's behavior in light of each leg of the
Triple Bottom Line. In 2000, under the first Sustainability Reporting Guidelines
released by Ceres, fifty organizations released sustainability reports.
Globally, the number of GRI reports increased 30.3% from 2009 to 2010 and by
11.5% from 2010 to 2011.  n26 The GRI reports that ninety-five percent of the
250 biggest companies in the world report on their sustainability performance,
and eighty percent of them use the GRI guidelines.  n27

   The GRI system is modeled after generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP), which are designed to simplify and unify conflicting accounting
methodologies. The GRI puts Triple Bottom Line reporting into a format designed
to promote "clarity, accuracy, usefulness, comparability, and influence . . . ."
n28 "The GRI guidelines help an organization manage its overall impact on the
[Triple Bottom Line], as it can improve the quality and transparency of
sustainability reporting and provide a reasonable and balanced presentation of
performance."  n29

   The GRI program has become a benchmark around the world for measuring,
monitoring, and reporting corporate sustainability efforts. It is based on a set
of reporting principles that are implemented through the use of specific
indicators designed to identify practices related to the Triple Bottom Line.
n30 Economic indicators cover, for example, sales, profits, return on
investment, taxes paid, and jobs created.  n31 The social equity criteria
include labor practices,  [*401]  community impact, human rights, and product
responsibility.  n32 The environmental leg is examined using criteria including
water quality, air quality, energy use, and waste production.  n33 The reporting
system and publicly available reports allow citizens to examine claims of
sustainability in light of actual practices. It is important to note that
reporting under the GRI is about transparency, giving the public access to
information. Participation in the system, however, does not mean that the
company's actions are sustainable.

   In summary, the fact that increasing numbers of businesses emphasize social
welfare and the environment through their CSR programs demonstrates the solid
convergence of CSR with the social and environmental legs of the Triple Bottom
Line.  n34 In short, sustainability is integral to CSR, and the contributions of
major corporations to sustainability are essential.

   Yet, in light of the multiple, massive challenges we face on Earth in the
twenty-first century, initiatives must come from multiple perspectives.
Mission-oriented businesses and non-profit organizations are making major
contributions to the movement. Initiatives also come from individual consumers,
workers, human rights advocates, and environmentalists. They work through
businesses and educational organizations devoted to Fair Trade, Direct Trade,
and similar programs; organics; local production and purchasing; microfinance;
and cooperatives. The remainder of this article focuses on these tools.

   II. GROUND-UP TOOLS OF SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT: ATTRIBUTES AND SYNERGIES

   The ground-up tools of sustainable development share common attributes.
Moreover, grassroots organizations work closely with each other. This section
has two parts. First, it introduces various grassroots tools for sustainable
development. Then, examples of  [*402]  interactions among them are presented,
as well as a discussion of synergies created through those interactions.

A. Ground-up Tools that Support Sustainable Development

   This section introduces each of the five major grassroots tools of
sustainable development. They include Fair Trade, Direct Trade, and similar
programs; organics; local production and purchasing; microfinance; and
cooperatives.

   1. Fair Trade, Direct Trade, and Similar Programs

a. Fair Trade and the Triple Bottom Line

   Fair Trade is a significant tool for the pursuit of sustainable development.
Its ten principles and practices include fair wages and prices, transparency and
accountability, fair trading practices, payment of fair price, no children labor
in forced labor, non-discrimination, safe working conditions, capacity building,
promoting Fair Trade, and respect for the environment.  n35 Currently, two types
of organizations set standards for Fair Trade goods and sellers. One certifies
Fair Trade goods. The Max Havelaar Foundation launched the first Fair Trade
certification program for coffee in 1988.  n36 Since then, the Fair Trade
Labeling Organization (FLO), which launched an international Fair Trade
certification mark in 2002, has become the leading certifier worldwide.  n37 The
program's certifying program is run by a separate company called FLO-CERT.  n38
(FLO's counterpart in the United States is Fair Trade USA, formerly Transfair.)
n39 The Institute for Marketecology (IMO) introduced another third-party
certification system in 2006 that is  [*403]  being used by increasing numbers
of producers.  n40 The Small Producers' Seal (SPS) was finally launched in 2010
by a group of small coffee producers from Latin America and the Caribbean as a
means of serving small producers and increasing their visibility in the Fair
Trade marketplace.  n41

   The other type of organization, led by the World Fair Trade Organization
(WFTO), establishes principles and standards for Fair Trade operations, and
evaluates Fair Trade groups to verify their compliance with these principles and
standards.  n42 The WFTO and its U.S.-based counterpart, the Fair Trade
Federation (FTF), work together closely.  n43

   The Fair Trade movement, which began in the aftermath of World War II, has
expanded across the world. FLO reported in its 2012-2013 annual report that, as
compared to 2011, Fair Trade's overall sales growth was sixteen percent.  n44



     Consumer sales increased significantly in key markets, including:
     Germany ([thirty-three] percent), the Netherlands ([twenty-six]
     percent), Sweden ([twenty-eight] percent), Switzerland ([fifteen]
     percent), and the [United Kingdom] ([sixteen] percent). Last year's
     growth nearly completely offset the drop in total 2012 sales caused by
     Fair Trade USA's withdrawal from the international system at the end
     of 2011. Excluding the USA, average sales in all  [*404]  other
     Fairtrade markets increased by over [twenty] percent compared to 2011.
     n45


In 2011, Fair Trade sales were up by eleven percent comparing the first quarter
of that year to the last quarter.  n46

   Many people associate Fair Trade with coffee, Fair Trade's top selling
product. Since 2003, U.S.-based Dunkin' Donuts has served all of its
espresso-based drinks with 100% Fair Trade certified coffee and has purchased
over twenty million pounds of Fair Trade coffee from small-scale coffee farmers.
n47 In 2009, in response to consumers' demands, Starbucks began to serve all
Fair Trade coffee in its espresso-based beverages in England and Ireland, and
expanded the policy to include all of Europe in March 2010.  n48 In the United
States, Starbucks' Fair Trade offerings are more limited, but in October of that
year, Starbucks introduced whole-bean Fair Trade coffee in over 2,300 stores in
response to public demonstrations across the country.  n49

   Cocoa is a major commodity with about fifty million people depending on it
for their livelihood, with most of the cocoa coming from the Cote d'Ivoire and
Ghana.  n50 About 3.5 million tons of cocoa beans are produced each year and
demand is expected to increase to over 4.5 tons by 2020.  n51 In October 2009,
Cadbury converted its Dairy Milk chocolate bar to Fair Trade certified in
England and  [*405]  Ireland. Since January 2010, all KitKat bars sold in the
United Kingdom and Ireland by Nestlé UK have been FLO-certified.  n52

   Fair Trade has also entered the textile and clothing industries. In 2009,
Transfair introduced a special Fair Trade certification for textiles requiring
that producers prove that all stages of their supply chains comply with FLO's
Fair Trade standards.  n53 Clothing brands such as TK Maxx have introduced major
fashion lines using only Fair Trade cotton.  n54 People Tree, a major UK brand,
uses only Fair Trade cotton and is committed to the principles of Fair Trade
throughout its company.  n55 Recently, Global Style Network, a prestigious
fashion research company, bestowed its Most Sustainable Fashion Brand award on
People Tree.  n56 While the fashion industry struggled in 2009, in 2009-2010,
People Tree saw a seventeen percent increase in sales as compared to 2007-2008.
n57 Further proof of the company's visibility in popular culture is its addition
of Emma Watson as the face of its brand.  n58

    [*406]  Major U.S. companies have responded to consumers' demands for Fair
Trade. Even Walmart has joined the movement, launching six Fair Trade coffee
lines in 2008. In February 2010, ice cream retailer Ben and Jerry's Homemade
announced that it would use only Fair Trade certified ingredients in its ice
creams by 2011 in the European Union  n59 and 2013 in the United States.  n60
But, it had to modify its goals for both markets upon the realization that some
of the two hundred ingredients for its nearly ninety flavors are not available
as Fair Trade. Consequently, the company switched from a goal of having all Fair
Trade ingredients to offering "all Fair Trade flavors." That means the major
commodities that go into the base mixes and all chunks and swirls will be Fair
Trade.  n61 Ben & Jerry's achieved this modified goal in the European Union in
2011, and by 2013 the company was set to achieve "all Fair Trade flavors" in the
United States.  n62

   Much of the Fair Trade movement's current success can be attributed to
increased public awareness of the unsustainable practices of conventional trade.
When consumers see the consequences of their purchases and business leaders
understand their complicity in harm to the Earth and other human beings, many
want to know how to make better choices. Fair Trade groups include education as
an integral part of their programs, and such education will continue to promote
mainstreaming of Fair Trade.

   Fair Trade is sorely needed in the chocolate industry. Only about five
percent of the world's cocoa supply is Fair Trade certified.  n63 As  [*407]  an
example of the low level of participation by major chocolate-producing
companies, Hershey's, which controls fifty-two percent of the chocolate industry
in the United States, uses Fair Trade chocolate in only a small percentage of
its products.  n64 Hershey's purchases the majority of its chocolate from areas
of Western Africa known for poor working conditions and abusive child labor.
n65 The good news is that, in response to public pressure, Hershey's has
reversed its course. It has committed to ten percent Fair Trade chocolate in its
products by the end of 2013 and all Fair Trade chocolate by 2020.  n66

   Sometimes consumers are faced with goods labeled "fair trade,"  n67 Direct
Trade,  n68 or with similar words, yet the product is neither certified nor is
the seller a member of the FTF or World Fair Trade Federation (WFTF). In the
absence of certified products or verified membership, the consumer faces a
complicated decision-making task. He or she must become familiar with the
principles and practices of Fair Trade, and identify those that are important to
him or her. Then, the consumer must find information about a product to decide
whether the product was produced in conformity with those principles.

   The following are characteristics that an informed consumer is likely to use
to recognize Fair Trade goods. Most of these characteristics come from a list
published by the World Fair Trade Organization with an added explanation. I have
added others based on criteria identified by other Fair Trade organizations.
With each criterion, I include a brief reference to how it promotes the Triple
Bottom Line.


     . First: Fair Trade creates opportunities for economically
     disadvantaged producers by paying fair wages for  [*408]  workers  n69
     and fair prices for producers. Fair wages and prices are determined
     within the context of the producer's country and region. (Promotes
     social equity and economic fairness.)  n70
     . Second: Fair Trade emphasizes transparency by providing extensive
     information about sourcing, working conditions, and how every penny
     received from the consumer is distributed to those in the supply
     chain. (Promotes social and economic equity.)  n71
     . Third: Fair Trade recognizes traditional skills and protects
     cultural identity.  n72
     . Fourth: Fair Trade goods are often produced by worker owned
     cooperatives or collectives. Democratic governance is integral to such
     organizations. (Promotes social equity.)  n73
     . Fifth: Fair Trade prohibits inappropriate use of child labor or
     forced labor. (Promotes social equity.)  n74
     . Sixth: Fair Trade promotes non-discrimination and gender equity in
     the work force, and workers have the right to form a union. Fair Trade
     guarantees workers the right to collectively organize and form trade
     unions. (Promotes social and economic equity.)  n75
      [*409]  . Seventh: Fair Trade emphasizes safe and fair working
     conditions. (Promotes social equity.)  n76
     . Eighth: Fair Trade requires that benefits be shared democratically,
     thus promoting "fairness." One way that this is accomplished is
     through payment of social premiums in addition to the price of
     products. For example, the social premium for coffee is typically
     twenty cents per pound. Workers' associations, often cooperatives,
     determine how the premiums are to be used. They often go to health
     centers, schools, or water treatment projects. (Promotes social and
     economic equity.)  n77
     . Ninth: Fair Trade facilitates access to credit for producers. This
     includes small loans for producers as well as pre-financing for
     producers of seasonal crops. (Promotes economic equity.)  n78
     . Tenth: Fair Trade promotes environmental stewardship by encouraging
     minimal or no use of harmful chemicals on foods or in the production
     of goods, careful use of water and other resources, and care for the
     earth through integrated pest management, erosion control, and similar
     measures. (Promotes environmental equity.)  n79
     . Eleventh: Fair Trade emphasizes long-term relationships between
     producers and buyers. This helps stabilize communities and families.
     (Promotes social equity.)  n80
     . Twelfth: Fair Trade eliminates or reduces the number of
     intermediaries in the supply chain. This is a way to ensure that as
     much as possible of the purchase price is actually paid to the
     producer. (Promotes economic equity.)  n81


 [*410]  Because of the complexity and length of this list, some Fair Trade
organizations choose to focus on a few of them in communication with the public.
For example, Just Coffee, a worker--owned coffee roaster in Madison, Wisconsin
emphasizes five characteristics.  n82 They are: democratic organization of
worker groups; Fair Trade pricing; long-term, direct relationships with
producers; pre-financing for producers; and environmental stewardship. Just
Coffee prints those characteristics, with explanation, on its coffee bags,
website, and elsewhere as a way to continue to educate the public.  n83 In
short, certified Fair Trade products, and those that meet the criteria of
certification, and those criteria promote the three legs of the Triple Bottom
Line.  n84

    [*411]  b. Direct Trade and Other Programs that Share Fair Trade's Goals

   In increasing numbers, products are labeled with words that are similar to
Fair Trade, such as Direct Trade or Direct Fair Trade. The term Direct Trade is
used by an increasing number of organizations that share similar goals to those
of Fair Trade as well as the practices of Fair Trade.  n85 A central objective
of Direct Trade is to ensure that as much of the price of a product as possible
goes to the producer, not to middle people.  n86 Direct Trade organizations are
particularly concerned about insufficient Fair Trade premiums for coffee
farmers. They also assert that, comparing the price of Fair Trade-certified
coffee to conventional coffee, the marginal price differences are insufficient.
Therefore, some Direct Trade organizations eschew certification altogether,
while others offer their own certification program.  n87

c. Common Objectives: Fair Trade, Direct Trade, and Similar Programs

   These programs share common objectives including connecting the consumer to
the producer, developing personal relationships, respecting producers and the
Earth, and building community. Studies of Fair Trade reveal its multiple
benefits in terms of the Triple Bottom Line. Economic benefits include: Fair
Trade minimum prices to producers, Fair Trade premiums allow producer
organizations to improve their communities, pre-financing extended to producers,
long term contracts allow long-term economic planning, and  [*412]  increased
access to export markets.  n88 In terms of social equity, small farmers benefit
from non-discriminatory, democratic organizations and transparency within the
organization. In instances in which plantations are certified (a controversial
practice by Fair Trade USA), Fair Trade ensures no child or forced labor,
non-discriminatory hiring practices, access to collective bargaining, and
workplace health and safety protections.  n89 Environmentally, Fair Trade
minimizes or eliminates use of agrochemicals, requires safe management of waste,
maintains soil fertility and conserves water, prohibits use of GMOs, and
requires organizations to assess their environmental impact and develop plans to
minimize that impact.  n90

   2. Organics

   In this section, organics are introduced and defined. Then the histories of
the organics movement and organics certification are discussed. Finally, current
issues in organics certification are examined, and I discuss how organics
promote each leg of the Triple Bottom Line."

a. Definition and Importance

   The term "organic" is related to a movement toward unprocessed and unaltered
foods. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), the term organic
is used in the labeling of food and other agricultural products that have been
produced with approved methods that "integrate cultural, biological, and
mechanical practices that foster cycling of resources, promote ecological
balance, and conserve biodiversity."  n91 The USDA prohibits the use of
synthetic fertilizers, sewage sludge, irradiation, and genetic engineering in
the production of organic goods.  n92

    [*413]  The size of the U.S. organics movement makes it a significant tool.
In 2011, the United States reached $ 29.22 billion USD in food and beverages
with all organics totaling $ 31.5 billion USD in sales in 2011, representing a
9.5% increase as compared to 2010.  n93 This compares with just $ 1 billion USD
in organic food and beverage sales in 1990.  n94 As of 2011, the sales of
organics food represented 4.2% of all United States food sales, up from four
percent in 2010.  n95

b. History of Organic Certification in the United States

   The organics movement in the United States began in response to the
introduction of synthetic pesticides and herbicides in agricultural production
during the 1940s.  n96 As an alternative, J.I. Rodale, the founder of the Rodale
Research Institute and Organic Farming and Gardening Magazine, offered
information about non-chemical farming methods, and his ideas became the
foundation for the organic farming movement.  n97 Rodale drew many ideas from
British scientist Sir Albert Howard, who studied traditional agriculture in
India. Howard believed that agriculture systems must return crop residues and
wastes to soil, and he advocated the use of deep rooted crops to draw nutrients
from the soil.  n98

   By the 1970s, the organics movement was growing in response to increased
environmental awareness among consumers. There was no central governing body for
certifying organics, and many states and nongovernmental certifying
organizations were setting their own standards based on the practices and issues
common to their region or  [*414]  agricultural product. The organics movement
in the 1970s and 1980s came to represent a wide range of philosophies that
included those which used no synthetic chemicals whatsoever and those which were
more flexible--accepting the use of small amounts of agricultural chemicals.
n99

   Therefore, during the 1980s, U.S. organics producers called for a centralized
set of standards. After much debate and discussion, in 1990 the U.S. Congress
passed the Organic Foods Production Act (OFPA) as part of the Food, Agriculture,
Conservation, and Trade Act.  n100 The Act created a public-private partnership
for organics certification. The public portion was run by the USDA, which was
charged with developing a national standard for organic food and fiber
production. The OFPC also created the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB)
comprised of representatives including farmers, handlers and processors,
retailers, consumers, environmentalists, scientists, and certifying agents. The
NOSB recommended which substances should be allowed in the production and
handling of organic goods.  n101 In turn, those recommendations led to the
formation of the National Organic Program (NOP), overseen by the USDA
Agricultural Marketing Service. The NOP developed national organic standards and
launched the USDA organic certification program.

   Following a decade of debate and revision, final rules were issued in 2002,
which give the USDA the power to regulate organics.  n102 Currently, the USDA
National Organic Program accredits agencies that certify organics.  n103 As of
2013, there are forty-nine domestic USDA-certified agencies and thirty-five
foreign-based agencies.  n104

    [*415]  The OFPA allows private certification as an alternative to, or in
addition to, USDA certification, so long as specified requirements are met.
n105 Moreover, private certifiers are allowed to impose more stringent
requirements as compared to those of the USDA.  n106 Well-known private
certifiers include California Certified Organic Farmers (CCOF)  n107 and the
Organic Crop Improvement Association (OCIA).  n108

c. International Dimensions of Organics Certification

   Agents from other countries can certify their country's goods for sale in the
United States so long as the agent is accredited by the USDA. Also, if the USDA
determines that a foreign government's accreditation process for agents meets
NOP requirements, the goods certified by those agents can be sold in the United
States as USDA Organic.  n109

   In contrast, the European Union relies on the private sector for organics
regulation.  n110 The International Federation of Organic Agriculture Movements
(IFOAM), founded in 1972, represents the private sector.  n111 It includes 750
member organizations in 116 countries. Its goal is "worldwide adoption of
ecologically, socially,  [*416]  and economically sound systems that are based
on the principles of organic agriculture."  n112

   The first EU-wide standardized regulations on organic farming were published
in 1991.  n113 In 2007, the regulations were updated, providing the basis for
sustainable development of organic production in the European Union.  n114 The
2007 regulations lay out overall principals of organic production and
processing, and list principles and rules applicable to farming, processing of
organic food, and processing of organic feed.  n115

   The European Union allows producers and handlers to be certified by both
public and private sector organizations.  n116 Each EU member state is allowed
to designate public authorities, private bodies, or both, to do inspections.
n117 Private inspection bodies must be accredited under the European Union's
requirements and are subject to operational inspections. Whenever the EU
organics logo is used on a product, it is accompanied by the code number of the
operator who carried out the production or preparation.  n118

   European Union processes are similar to those of the United States. Foreign
countries can market their organic products in EU member states. In addition,
the European Union recognizes a number of countries as having certification
standards that are sufficiently rigorous that their products may be sold as
organic in the EU member states.  n119

    [*417]  d. Current Issues in Organics Regulation

   The U.S. organics movement is highly controversial. Some say that USDA
certification is a positive force. Michael Sligh, founding director of the
USDA/National Organics Standards Board, supports the USDA program.  n120
Nevertheless, he acknowledges that:


     The governmental definition was narrower than the community definition
     and specifically left out the fairness to farmers and workers,
     research, promotion and energy efficiency. What we had hoped to be the
     "floor" under standards also became for practical purposes the
     "ceiling" and driving up standards is very slow and difficult and is
     not pro-active in signaling market directions.  n121

   Others criticize the USDA program for a variety of reasons. First, some
believe that USDA certification standards were watered down in response to
industry lobbying and that USDA certification is of limited use because its
standards are low.  n122 Second, the fact that private regulatory schemes
co-exist with USDA regulation leads to confusion among consumers. Third, many
small farmers and processors complain that costs of certification are
prohibitively high and the amount of paperwork required is overwhelming.  n123
Additionally, many sustainability-oriented consumers lament the fact that major
corporations own most of the organic brands sold in North America.  n124 The
consolidation of organics in the hands of major  [*418]  conventional
(non-organic) sellers that have added organics as a sideline detracts from the
message of companies that are mission-oriented in their production of organics.
This is because the distinction between conventional production and organics can
become blurred in the minds of consumers.

e. Organics and the Triple Bottom Line

   In spite of controversy related to the U.S. organics movement, organics are
an important tool for sustainability. Organics production promotes social equity
in that workers are not subjected to the risks of illness and death resulting
from exposure to toxic chemicals. Similarly, their families and neighbors avoid
living amid chemicals. There is an economic benefit when people stay healthy:
medical costs go down and workers don't lose wages due to illness. Additionally,
organics production avoids chemical contamination of the land, air, and
groundwater.

   3. Local Production and Purchasing

   Local production and purchasing also promote sustainable development. Local
purchasing can take various forms. For food, it may be through a local food
cooperative or independent food store. For example, East Lansing, Michigan is
served by the East Lansing Food Cooperative (ELFCO), a member-owned grocery.
n125 ELFCO emphasizes "Shop Local! Shop Michigan!," and it purchases from a long
list of local suppliers.  n126 The community is also served by Foods for Living,
an employee-owned, independent store that emphasizes health, by offering organic
and specialty foods as well as nutritional and body care products.  n127

   The Internet helps consumers find locally produced foods and other goods. For
example, the website eatlocalgrown.com helps  [*419]  consumers find farms, farm
markets, cooperatives, restaurants, and more near their homes in the United
States and across the world.  n128

   Community supported agriculture (CSA) is another grassroots tool that is
growing in popularity. A CSA share entitles a customer to shares of food each
week for an entire agricultural season. Many CSAs are for the primary growing
season from about June through October,  n129 but others are year-round and
offer root vegetables and greens raised in greenhouses (hoop houses) during the
cold season.  n130 A CSA member pays for a season of produce "up front." This
payment allows the farmer to plan for the season, purchase seeds, and purchase
and repair equipment. Currently, USDA estimates that there are about 2,500 CSAs
in the United States.  n131

   The New Economics Foundation of London, England studied the effects of
purchasing at a supermarket as compared to purchasing through a CSA program or a
farmers' market, and reported that, with local purchasing as compared to
conventional supermarkets, twice the money stays in the local economy.  n132
Local purchasing has other effects related to sustainability. Transportation
costs (an economic benefit) as compared to goods shipped from across the United
States or even outside the United States are lower and less fuel is used. This
is an environmental benefit. Moreover, the food is fresher, resulting in health
benefits to the consumer.  n133 One problem is that there is no  [*420]
standard definition of "local," and consumers are left to make their own
choices.  n134

   4. Microfinance

   Through microfinance lending, individuals or small groups gain access to
capital they need to escape from unemployment or poorly paid jobs. The ongoing
relationship between microfinance institutions and the poor demonstrates that
microfinance is a sustainable, long-term tool for alleviating poverty. It
enables small entrepreneurs to increase their productivity and participate in
local and regional economies and even the global economy.

a. History of Microfinance

   In the past, microfinance existed in the shadows of formal financial systems.
n135 Credit unions, the predecessors to microfinance institutions (MFIs), were
started in 1846 in Germany as cooperative credit organizations that helped local
farmers purchase livestock, seeds, and equipment. The credit union's reach was
limited to developed countries, however, and hundreds of millions of people
around the world continued to be excluded from the formal financial sector.
n136

   Over the past four decades, microfinance has risen globally as a tool to
provide formal financial services to the poor.  n137 In 1974, Professor Muhammad
Yunus visited the poverty stricken village of Jobra, Bangladesh and lent
twenty-seven dollars to forty-two basket weavers.  n138 Professor Yunus was so
inspired by his experience that in 1983 he established one of the world's first
MFIs: the Grameen Bank. The bank extends banking services to men and women,
seeks  [*421]  to end exploitation of the poor by money lenders, and seeks to
empower the disadvantaged, particularly women from the poorest households.  n139

   The Grameen Bank and Professor Yunus were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in
2006 for "their efforts to create economic and social development from below."
n140 The Grameen Bank has been highly successful in empowering the poor and
sustaining itself. Its success paved the way for an expanding microfinance
industry. ACCION International of Latin America,  n141 Shri Mahila Sewa Sahakair
Bank Ltd. of India (also known as Self Employed Women's Association or SEWA) has
also been influential in the growth of microfinance in that region.  n142 In
1992, ACCION helped establish PRODEM (Fondo Financiero Privado--Private
Financial Fund) in Bolivia as a nongovernmental organization (NGO).  n143 PRODEM
became BancoSol, the first commercial MFI.  n144 Other NGOs followed PRODEM by
converting to for-profit businesses. More recently, microfinance investment
funds have been created to finance the increasing number of MFIs.  n145 "What
began as a grass-roots 'movement' motivated largely by a development paradigm is
evolving into a global industry informed by a commercial/finance paradigm."
n146

b. How Microfinance Operates

   Through microfinance, small entrepreneurs who have little or no physical
collateral borrow small sums of money over short periods. Microfinance
institutions provide a diverse array of financial services  [*422]  including
microcredit, micro-savings, micro-insurance, and handling of remittances.  n147
These financial services help the poor to create and expand businesses, save
money securely, preserve financial stability in times of crisis, and transfer
money reliably.

   By serving the poor, microfinance serves people who are not served through
conventional financial services. The three billion-person market for
microfinance is comprised of economically active entrepreneurs who have the
capacity to repay small denomination loans but have been excluded from
traditional financial markets.  n148 The fact that the poor do not have assets
to offer as financial collateral was a barrier to lenders prior to the
microfinance movement. The Grameen Bank overcame that obstacle by creating the
notion of group lending.  n149 It loans money to groups of individuals who agree
to be held jointly liable for any individual's default on his or her own loan.
Repayment rates to the Grameen Bank for group loans have been remarkably high,
currently at ninety-seven percent.  n150 Group lending, designed for the poorest
borrower, has proven to be a successful lending tool.

   MFIs also provide loans to individuals. The MFIs gather information on
borrowers through home visits and character references. They monitor loans
closely, require frequent repayments, and usually require collateral. When
microfinance began, it was not seen as a profitable endeavor, because its supply
of capital is limited to the funds contributed by NGOs and private donors. Some
MFIs have been established as commercial institutions, and their available
capital depends on generating profits. If investors view an MFI as a profitable
investment, the MFI can gain access to greater capital and  [*423]  reach
increasing numbers of poor people. Consistent profits earned by MFIs demonstrate
the worthiness of investing in microfinance. One hurdle faced by MFIs is that
microfinance has not been considered a viable investment option for debt and
equity investors, in part because investors say MFIs lack transparency. To
increase transparency in the sector, the MicroFinance Transparency organization
was established in 2008 by Muhammad Yunus and Chick Waterfield, a professor at
Colombia University.

c. The Role of Microfinance in Today's World

   By the end of 2010, MFIs were extending loans to over 200 million borrowers.
n151 The vast market potential and profitability of the sector has already
started to attract large-scale investors, including traditional commercial
banks, private-equity shops, and pension funds. Simultaneously, microfinance
investment managers are helping to bridge gaps between investors and MFIs. For
example, BlueOrchard, a limited liability company based in Switzerland, works
with over 260 MFIs around the world to help them connect with capital markets.
n152 Commercialization of the industry has helped fulfill two of the three legs
of the Triple Bottom Line. Profits contribute to the economic leg, and
assistance to families contributes to social equity.

   In summary, microfinance is a sustainable tool that helps alleviate poverty,
which is part of the pursuit of social equity, and promote economic development.
MFIs started with and continue to operate through nonprofit organizations, but
their ranks have now extended to major financial institutions. These
institutions work in partnership with the poor, helping them to improve their
lives and those of their families and become active members of our economic
system.  n153

    [*424]  5. Cooperatives--"Capitalism for the Long Run"

   The first business recognized as a cooperative in the United States was a
mutual fire insurance company founded by Benjamin Franklin in 1752, and
cooperatives have played an important role in the United States since then.
n154 Cooperatives have been dubbed, "Capitalism for the Long Run" and play an
important role in the U.S. and world economies.  n155 The International
Cooperative Alliance (ICA) provides the following definition: "A co-operative is
an autonomous association of persons united voluntarily to meet their common
economic, social and cultural needs and aspirations through a jointly-owned and
democratically controlled enterprise."  n156

   Cooperatives are growing in the United States and around the world, and their
increasing importance is highlighted by the fact that the United Nations
designated 2012 as the International Year of Cooperatives.  n157 United Nations
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon points out the importance of cooperatives with
respect to both the economic and social equity legs of the Triple Bottom Line
with his words, "Cooperatives are a reminder to the international community that
it is possible to pursue both economic viability and social responsibility."
n158

a. Ownership

   Cooperatives can be classified according to ownership as well as purpose.
There are many well-known companies, as listed below, that are cooperatives even
though the customers using their services may not realized that they are dealing
with a cooperative.

   First, the most common type of cooperative in the United States is the
consumer cooperative. Many member-owned food cooperatives  [*425]  give members
the opportunity to purchase Fair Trade, local, and organic products as well as
conventional products. An example is the East Lansing Food Cooperative (ELFCO).
n159 Its website includes an extensive list of local suppliers for produce,
dairy products and cheese; meat, poultry, and seafood; wine and beer; bulk
foods; deli products, other grocery items; and wellness products.  n160 Another
example is REI, a consumer co-op that operates stores throughout the United
States and offers outdoor equipment, apparel, and gear as well as outdoor travel
programs to its members.  n161 The credit union is a member-owned cooperative
that is familiar to many in the United States.  n162 Additionally, State Farm,
the world's largest property and casualty insurance company, is a cooperative
owned by its policyholders.  n163

   Second, producer cooperatives are owned by independent business people, such
as farmers, artists, or craftspeople, who market their products cooperatively.
This kind of cooperative is prevalent in Fair Trade. For example, over five
hundred small farmers of the Maya Vinic Cooperative  n164 of Chiapas, Mexico
sell their coffee to Cooperative Coffees in the United States.  n165 In the
United States there are many agricultural cooperatives whose names and products
are familiar to consumers. Ocean Spray is a cooperative of over six hundred
families that raise cranberries.  n166 Land O'Lakes, Inc., is the  [*426]
second largest U.S. cooperative and a producer of dairy products.  n167 A third
example is Blue Diamond, the world's largest grower and processor of almonds.
n168

   A third kind of cooperative purchases and sells goods or services through
non-profit organizations or groups of cooperatives.  n169 Cooperative Coffees is
owned by twenty-three coffee roasters in the United States and Canada that
promote transparent Fair Trade with coffee farmers, the farmers' cooperatives,
and their families and communities.  n170 In conventional markets, Ace Hardware
is a retailer-owned cooperative with more than 400 locations in sixty countries.
n171 Its stores are independently owned, and its members set their own operating
standards and business processes.  n172

   Fourth, employee-owned cooperatives are owned by those who work for the
company.  n173 Equal Exchange is a salient example in the world of Fair Trade.
The company has purchased Fair Trade food products from small-scale farmers and
their cooperatives for over twenty-five years. Currently, its products include
coffee, cocoa and chocolate, tea, and bananas. It is expanding its Fair Trade
food line to include olive oil, almonds, cashews, and snack bars.  n174

   Fifth, there are multi-stakeholder cooperatives that are comprised of more
than one type of member-owner. For example, a grocery cooperative might be owned
by consumers and employees, or a  [*427]  purchasing cooperative might include
organizational as well as individual owners.  n175

b. Rochdale Principles of Operation

   Cooperatives that belong to the ICA unanimously approved a set of seven
principles for membership called the Rochdale Principles.  n176 They are as
follows:


     . Voluntary, open membership. Membership is voluntary and open without
     discrimination based on gender, race, or political or religious
     affiliation.
     . Democratic control by members. Cooperatives are controlled by
     members, each of whom has one vote.
     . Economic participation by members. Members contribute capital
     equitably and control that capital democratically. Members receive
     limited compensation, if any. Surplus funds go to member-approved
     projects, reserves, or developing the cooperative.
     . Autonomy and independence. Cooperatives train members, managers, and
     employees, and they educate the public about cooperatives.
     . Education, training, and information. Cooperatives educate and train
     members, managers, and employees, and inform the general public about
     the benefits of cooperatives.
     . Cooperation among cooperatives. Cooperatives work together locally,
     nationally, and internationally.
     . Concern for community. Cooperatives work toward sustainable
     development through policies approved by members.  n177


These principles support the Triple Bottom Line of economy, social equity, and
environment.  n178

    [*428]  III. ATTRIBUTES OF GRASSROOTS TOOLS AND THEIR SYNERGIES.

   This section explores attributes of grassroots tools that promote sustainable
actions. Their attributes include transparency, fostering of community
development, long-term perspectives, nurturing long-term relationships,
cooperative working relationships, and education. Then it explores the synergies
among the various grassroots tools.

A. Attributes

   1. Transparency

   Transparency is crucial to the grassroots tools of sustainability; lack of
transparency is one of many contributing factors leading to fatal disasters in
factories in developing countries. On April 24th, 2013, the Rana Plaza factory
building collapsed in Savar, Bangladesh. The collapse killed over 1,100 people,
and many surviving factory workers have become ill, likely due to poor drinking
water and food in the area of the collapse.  n179 After inspection, it was
revealed that the building had been built with inferior materials on top of
unsuitable land.  n180 The collapse caused global outcry as it exemplified poor
working conditions, insufficient wages, and subpar safety standards in factories
in Bangladesh and Southeast Asia.

   It appears that about a dozen apparel retailers were using the factory for
production. They include J.C. Penny, Mango, Benetton, The Children's Place,
Bonmarche, Primark, Joe Fresh, Walmart, Dress Barn, Cato Fashions, and The Walt
Disney Company. Some of them denied that they were producing clothing there,
despite the fact that their brands were found in the debris.  n181 Others have
[*429]  acknowledged responsibility and are committed to launching a safety
plan.  n182

   Denial and lack of transparency shown by major apparel manufacturers and
retailers contrasts sharply with the transparency practiced by mission-oriented
grassroots organizations. They use the Internet extensively, sharing volumes of
information at no cost or minimal cost.  n183 For example, Cooperative Coffees
provides complete information for every one of its bags of coffee about costs,
who receives payment, Fair Trade and organic certifications, and more.  n184
Similarly, many microfinance organizations go to extensive efforts to reveal all
aspects of their financial operations to the public.

    [*430]  2. Fostering Relationships between Producers and Consumers

   Personal relationships that build community are integral to the grassroots
tools of sustainable development. This section describes how relationships and
community are fostered through face-to-face as well as long-distance
interactions. The long-distance interactions become personal through use of the
Internet. Additionally, this section describes how the personal relationships
fostered by grassroots tools confirm the predictions of economist Jeremy Rifkin.
Rifkin is internationally known for his assertion that we are entering a "Third
Industrial Revolution" that is based on a collaborative societal model.  n185

a. Face-to-Face Relationships Build Community

   Traditionally, community has been built on face-to-face contacts between
retailers, such as butchers, bakers, grocers, and the customer. Similarly, farm
markets provide face-to-face contact. "Unlike grocery stores, where the goal is
to get in and out as quickly as possible, farmers markets are a place to browse
the tables, sample the food, ask questions, and interact with your neighbors."
n186 Moreover, direct interaction among local producers and consumers helps
producers understand and respond to their customers' needs and desires.  n187

   Fair Trade stores also emphasize interaction with the customer, and initial
contacts emphasize education. For example, Kirabo, a Fair Trade store in East
Lansing, Michigan, educates all employees about the producers and origins of
each product, and each customer is greeted with an offer to share such
information.  n188 The same is true at  [*431]  the eight Ten Thousand Villages
stores across the United States and Canada.  n189

b. Building Personal Relationships and Community across the Globe

   Spartan Global Development Fund (SGDF), a student organization at Michigan
State University that disburses interest-free microloans throughout the
developing world, emphasizes relationships that are built while "[w]orking
together worlds apart."  n190 SGDF's activities also illustrate another way to
facilitate personal relationships: through information and stories conveyed by a
trusted individual who has personal experience with individuals living across
the world. SGDF makes interest free loans to artisans in Nicaragua, and stories
of those artisans are available to the public on the group's website and through
the group's magazine "The Spartan Global."  n191 I have done research on Fair
Trade, Direct Trade, and microfinance in Nicaragua and Guatemala. Based on my
personal interactions with managers and producers of Esperanza en Acci[#xF3]n (a
Fair Trade organization in Nicaragua) and As Green as it Gets (AGAIG--a Direct
Trade organization in Guatemala), I tell the stories of both groups and verify
their trustworthiness. As a result of my contributions, telephone conversations
with managers via Skype, and detailed information available on each group's
website, SGDF has entered contracts with each organization and is making loans
to their producers. Thus, Esperanza and AGAIG are "field partners," providing a
direct link between the producer and SGDF. Additionally, the AGAIG directors
have a trusted contact person "on the ground" at each of the organizations who
can always answer questions and who reports on the borrowers' progress.

   The Internet is serving other organizations as well. A farmer or craftsperson
can set up a table at a farm market for a small fee and  [*432]  sell fresh
produce or handmade products.  n192 The Internet takes the small entrepreneur on
the big leap from that little table as a platform to worldwide commerce. Etsy is
an on-line marketplace for handmade and vintage goods allowing small
entrepreneurs to market to the world with essentially no start-up costs.  n193
Buyers can converse with makers and other shoppers. Thus, there is personal
contact with producers and other consumers even though it is not face-to-face.

   The Internet also connects small entrepreneurs to individual investors. This
"crowd-funding" is done through groups such as Artist Share,  n194 Indiegogo,
n195 and Kickstarter.  n196 There is also "crowd-sourcing," soliciting
information or services from a large group of people, commonly through the
Internet. Wikipedia is an example.  n197 In the area of local food production,
eatlocalgrown is a crowd-sourced tool to help people find, rate, and share
information about farms, farmers' markets, restaurants, grocery stores and
cooperatives, as well as artisans.  n198

   This vision of personal relationships through face-to-face contact as well as
contact facilitated by the Internet is compatible with and supportive of the
predictions and observations of economic and  [*433]  social theorist Jeremy
Rifkin.  n199 Rifkin describes a "Third Industrial Revolution" through which we
will become a local, ground up society. He speaks of hundreds of millions of
people producing their own green energy in their homes, offices, and factories.
Each building will function as a "power cell" and share through an "energy
internet" paralleling the way we share information on-line.  n200 Rifkin
envisions a reordering of human relationships moving away from reliance on
hierarchy toward a society based on collaboration and distribution. He asserts
and demonstrates that the European Union has begun this transformation to a new
economic paradigm.  n201 Further, he emphasizes the collaborative nature of this
transformation. It is coming together through a political realignment in Europe
through the "unlikely coalition of businesses, labor organizations,
cooperatives, and consumer associations."  n202 In short, personal relationships
in today's world on two kinds of personal interaction: face-to-face interaction
as well as connections across the globe that are facilitated by the Internet.

   3. Long-term Perspective, Looking Ahead for Seven Generations

   Long-term perspectives are essential in Fair Trade (and Direct Trade),
microfinance, local production and purchasing, and cooperatives. All are about
relationships between and among human beings. Instead of the short-term pursuit
of profits that are the focus of most conventional businesses, organizations
using the grassroots tools adopt practices that reflect long-term perspectives
and look ahead to the welfare of coming generations.

    [*434]  4. Cooperative Working Relationships

   Grassroots tools depend on cooperative working relationships at various
levels. Cooperation among owners is at the heart of the cooperative as a
business organization. The synergies among the various grassroots tools are also
a reflection of the spirit of cooperation.

   5. Education

   Education, as a companion to transparency, enables consumers to make
well-informed decisions. Those who lead grassroots organizations in Fair Trade,
Direct Trade, Microfinance (to some degree), and cooperatives emphasize
education of workers as well as the general public.

   The Fair Trade community is particularly strong in education. The Fair Trade
Resource Network is an "information hub" designed to educate the public and
facilitate the growth of the Fair Trade movement.  n203 The Fair World Project
provides a forum for discussion of current issues in Fair Trade and publishes
For a Better World, a magazine that is available free of charge to the public
both on-line and in hard copy through retailers, many of which are cooperatives.
n204 The Canadian Fair Trade Network's Fair Trade Magazine provides information
for consumers and Fair Trade industry stakeholders. It is distributed across
Canada through retailers and partner organizations as well as on-line, and is
designed to reach consumers.  n205 Additionally, the major Fair Trade certifiers
including FLO, Fair Trade USA, and Fair For Life maintain extensive websites
with information about their organizations as well as reports and news releases
related to current issues in Fair Trade. Educational institutions at various
levels are including education about the grassroots tools at levels ranging from
elementary school through  [*435]  universities. The following are examples of
university-level education on microfinance in Europe and the United States.
n206

   The "University Meets Microfinance" is a European program that links
university students in Europe with microfinance practitioners to promote
microfinance research, education, and exchange of information. The program
offers microfinance courses, hosts seminars, runs a mentorship program, and
grants scholarships. Additionally, it publishes master's and Ph.D. theses, as
well as case studies.  n207 U.S. universities that offer courses in microfinance
include University of Michigan and Northwestern University.  n208 University of
Maryland offers, "Doing Business in Bolivia," which includes meetings with
microfinance organizations.  n209 University of Denver offers an elective in
social entrepreneurship and microfinance, and students visit a developing
country during their spring break where they meet with officials in microfinance
lending institutions.  n210

Student groups at other U.S. universities lead the way with microfinance
education and service. The University of Chicago Microfinance Initiative (USCMI)
is a student-run non-profit organization that provides consulting and funds
microloans.  n211 It partners with major microfinance organizations such as
Accion Chicago, the Grameen Bank, Opportunity International, and the
Microfinance Alliance.  n212 The group also partners with Chicago Booth, Polsky
Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovations for Poverty Action (IPA), which
support the UCMI's vision.  n213 At Michigan State University, the Spartan
Global Development Fund educates students and the Lansing, Michigan area
community about  [*436]  microfinance, raises funds for microloans, and makes
those loans through partnerships with KIVA as well as Fair Trade and Direct
Trade organizations.  n214

B. Multiple Grassroots Tools and their Synergies

   The grassroots tools discussed above support each other and, often, one
organization works with others or uses two or more of the tools. This section
gives examples of the relationships between and among the various grassroots
tools, and how several may be used concurrently to promote sustainable
development.

   1. Fair Trade, Direct Trade, and Organics

   Fair Trade certification requires attention to sound environmental
stewardship. Therefore, producers of a significant percentage of Fair
Trade-certified foods, obtain organics certifications for their products,
especially for coffee.  n215 As of 2010, sixty-two percent of Fair
Trade-certified coffee was also certified organic.  n216 Companies offering Fair
Trade include Newman's Own,  n217 Peace Coffee,  n218 Batdorf and Bronson,  n219
The Roasterie,  n220 Gorilla Coffee, and DOMA.  n221 Forty-eight percent of all
Fair trade cocoa imported to Europe and ninety percent of all Fair Trade cocoa
imported to North America is also certified organic.  n222 Companies offering
Fair Trade, organic chocolate include Lake Champlain Chocolates, Newman's
[*437]  Own, Earth's Sweet Pleasures, Ithaca Fine Chocolates, Divine Chocolate,
and Rapunzel Chocolate.  n223

   2. Cooperatives and the Fair Trade and Direct Trade Supply Chain

   Cooperatives play an important role at various points in the supply chains of
grassroots, sustainably-oriented companies. This section describes their
relationship to Fair Trade and Direct Trade programs.

   Cooperatives are at the heart of mission-based Fair Trade and Direct Trade
organizations. Fair Trade has its roots in the Western Hemisphere. In the early
1980s, the Uni[#xF3]n de Comunidades Ind[#xED]genas de la Regi[#xF3]n del Istmo
(Union of Indigenous Communities of the Isthmus Region) (UCIRI), a cooperative
of small coffee producers in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico, made the first efforts
to create a Fair Trade label.  n224 Today, Fair Trade coffee producer
cooperatives often sell to a distributor that is a cooperative, and, in turn,
the distributor sells to a roaster that is organized as a cooperative. For
example, Maya Vinic Cooperative of Chiapas Mexico sells its coffee to
Cooperative Coffees. Cooperative Coffees, in turn, then distributes to roasters
in the United States and Canada, many of which are also cooperatives.  n225 The
mission-based Fair Trade Coffee company Just Coffee, another roaster that is
part of Cooperative Coffees, relies on cooperatives throughout its supply chain.
Here is the diagram Cooperative Coffees includes on each bag of its coffee:

    [*438]  Farmer -> Farmer Cooperative -> Importing Cooperative -> Roasting
Cooperative -> Consumer  n226

   Within that supply chain, the Importing Cooperative imports green coffee for
twenty-three coffee roasters in the United States and Canada. Each of those
cooperatives is committed to sustainable trade relationships through Fair Trade,
and many of them are organized as cooperatives, also.  n227

   Fair Trade USA has recently started to certify coffee plantations. This has
caused a rift with small producers and those who support small producers. It
goes back to the philosophy of traditional Fair Trade advocates (also called
transformers), who focus on linking farmers and craftspeople to consumers. Small
producers' organizations (SPOs) are upset with the way mainstreaming of Fair
Trade, especially as led by Fair Trade USA, is shifting the focus of Fair Trade
away from small coffee producers, who were founders of coffee certification
programs in the 1980s.  n228 As a result, at least two members of Cooperative
Coffees, Higher Grounds and Just Coffee, have parted from Fair Trade USA.

   4. Microfinance Lending Institutions Organized as Cooperatives

   A synergistic relationship between microfinance and cooperatives goes to the
origins of cooperatives. The Grameen Bank, for example, is organized as a
cooperative and all of its funds come from deposits.  n229 The social investor
Oikocredit is a worldwide cooperative. It provides funding for microloans
through microfinance organizations. Additionally, it provides funding to small
and medium size businesses through Fair Trade organizations and cooperatives.
n230  [*439]  The Bukonzo Joint Cooperative Micro-Finance Society is a Ugandan
microfinance organization that is organized as a cooperative. The majority of
their loans go to coffee farmers, many of whom sell organic coffee.  n231

   5. Cooperatives Making Microloans for Organic, Local Produce

   Food cooperatives in the United States focus on local and organic products,
and usually include Fair Trade items in their product lines. A microloan
extended through a cooperative often ties together four of the grassroots tools:
cooperatives, microfinance, organics, and local production. For example, the
East Lansing Food Cooperative (ELFCO) works with family farms to support local
farms and recently made a loan to Monroe Family Organics in Ingham County,
Michigan. The loan is being used to build two hoop houses to extend the farm's
growing season and yield. ELFCO has the first choice in buying the produce, and
Monroe Family Farm will donate a portion of their product to the Lansing Food
Bank instead of paying interest on the loan.  n232

   6. Fair Trade and Direct Trade Groups Making Microloans to Producers

   Fair Trade and Direct Trade organizations develop close relationships with
their producers. Seeing their producers' needs for capital for their small
businesses, many Fair Trade and Direct Trade organizations have started to
extend microloans to their producers.

   Incofin Investment Management, Fair Trade International, and the Grameen
Foundation are partnering to create the Fairtrade Access Fund, an investment
fund to make long-term loans to smallholder farmers' cooperatives. The Starbucks
Corporation has committed $ 1.3 million to the fund.  n233 The fund will provide
farmer cooperatives  [*440]  and associations with funds for new technologies
and equipment.  n234 Launched in Latin America, in its second phase the fund
will expand to help farmers in Africa and Asia.  n235

   Smaller Direct Trade and Fair Trade organizations are also starting microloan
programs to assist their producers. The Direct Trade organization AGAIG, based
in San Miguel Escobar, Guatemala makes a variety of types of loans to its
producers. Most of the borrowers are coffee farmers, and the terms of loans are
tailored to meet the producers' needs.  n236 For example, loans fund the
purchase of land and production equipment such as a coffee roaster. The Fair
Trade organization Esperanza en Acci[#xF3]n also makes loans to its producers.
n237 Its loans, for example, have been used to purchase an oven and a kiln for a
ceramicist.

   7. Microlending Institutions Make Loans to Fair Trade and Direct Trade
Producers

   Microlending is sometimes based on a direct relationship between a
microlending institution and a Fair Trade or Direct Trade organization. As
described earlier, Michigan State University's students microlend through the
non-profit corporation Spartan Global Development Fund. Currently, their loans
go to producers with the Direct Trade organization AGAIG and Esperanza en
Acci[#xF3]n.

   Agrofine, a French organization was established in 2005 as part of the
European Microfinance Program to improve the flow of Fair Trade throughout the
world.  n238 CERISE is a network established in 1998 to facilitate the sharing
of ideas and synergies in the field of microfinance worldwide.  n239 Agrofine
and CERISE have joined forces to study the synergies between Fair Trade and
microfinance.

    [*441]  They published a report finding that Fair Trade decreases risks to
agricultural production. Fair Trade's social premiums can be invested to build
capacity and make supply chains more competitive. The report looks to
microfinance as a way to reassure importers that Fair Trade organizations will
be well managed. They suggest that combining microfinance with Fair Trade will
encourage innovation and attract investment in the agricultural sector.
Therefore, Agrofine and CERISE are running a three to five year pilot project to
create funding through microloans dedicated to Fair Trade.  n240

   IV. TWO ESSENTIAL PRACTICES THAT GRASSROOTS PROGRAMS MUST CONTINUE TO NURTURE

A. Generate Trust

   Grassroots initiatives rely on trust and respect generated among their
participants. This includes borrowers and lenders in microfinance. Similarly,
Fair Trade organizations depend on trust generated along the supply chain from
producer to buyer, to retailer, and to consumer. Trust arises from direct
interaction between producers and consumers or lenders. Sales of items produced
locally depend on trust generated through regular face-to-face interaction with
consumers, whether those sales are through a store, farm market, or CSA.  n241

   Trust can also be established through a relationship with a trusted
intermediary. A few people have the privilege of travel that exposes them to the
conditions in developing countries among disadvantaged populations within the
United States. Upon seeing conditions and meeting the people who produce their
goods or people who are in need of capital to enable their entrepreneurial
efforts, people understand the need for grassroots tools such as Fair Trade,
Direct Trade and microfinance.

   Those people, in turn, carry stories about grassroots work to their friends,
family, students, and others. Through personal relationships, the value of a
grassroots tool such as microfinance or a Fair Trade  [*442]  program is no
longer an abstraction based on something read in a book or newspaper. My
research on the grassroots tools in Mexico, Ecuador, Nicaragua, and Guatemala
enables me to share the stories of people who benefit from those tools with
students and in public presentations.  n242 The trust my students, friends, and
others have in me enables them to feel connected to the people in those
countries. The products they produce become more meaningful as compared to a
product randomly chosen from a retailer's shelf.  n243

   It is interesting to make note of another grassroots trend in our society
based on trust supported by the Internet. Airbnb is a network through which
anyone can rent a spare room in their home, making contact through an Internet
site.  n244 The company has now grown to the size of a major global hotel chain.
n245 It has led the way to a new trend called the "sharing economy" and operates
based on trust.  n246 Trust is generated or destroyed through comments posted by
those who use Airbnb's services. Airbnb verifies identification of guests and
hosts by connection to social networks and scanning official identification
documents. It also provides detailed profiles and confirmed reviews of guests
and hosts.  n247

B. Practice Transparency Regarding Products and Business Organizations

   When grassroots initiatives are related to products, transparency is
essential. Tools include labeling, information on websites, and even use of
Quick Response (QR) codes to provide links to information.  [*443]  Labeling
includes symbols to indicate certifications, such as for Fair Trade or organics.
Even a few Direct Trade non-profits provide certification. More informally,
mission-based Fair Trade stores make a practice of labeling goods in their
stores to include names and locations of producers and some information about
that producer.

   Websites provided by retail stores, distributors, and producers also
contribute to transparency. Members of Cooperative Coffees are dedicated to
complete transparency in their operations. On a website called "Fair Trade
Proof," each shipment of coffee is documented regarding origins, price, and
certifications such as for Fair Trade and organic production.  n248

   Similarly Fair Trade and Direct Trade businesses maintain websites that
provide detailed information about their products and their producers. For
example, Ten Thousand Villages is a nonprofit, charitable organization that
purchases handicrafts from disadvantage producers in thirty-eight countries.
n249 The organization publishes its annual report on its website and uses any
surplus revenue to increase purchases from producers and to expand the Ten
Thousand Villages network of stores.  n250 Ten Thousand Villages shares stories
about its producers' lives and their products on its website.  n251 In the
stores, employees and volunteers emphasize consumer education and offer stories
about the producers and their products to all who visit their stores.

   Distributors of Fair Trade products also maintain websites with detailed
information about their product lines. Equal Exchange, a Fair Trade cooperative
with over 100 worker owners, maintains a website with detailed information about
its small farmer-producers and their products which include coffee, chocolate,
cocoa, tea, bananas and other "Fair Foods."  n252

   The QR code is a tool that facilitates quick access to websites. The QR is a
type of bar code that can be scanned using a mobile phone's  [*444]  camera and
smartphone application. QR codes can be found on products and on advertisements
(e.g., on signs and in magazines and newspapers). Some Fair Trade companies are
beginning to use QR codes to make it easy for consumers to learn about their
supply chain and producers of their products.  n253 UK-based supermarket chain
Sainsbury's, the world's largest Fair Trade retailer, has a program that allows
customers to scan QR codes, which connect customers to information about
businesses and communities around the world that supply Fair Trade products to
Sainsbury's. Judith Batchelar, a brands manager for Sainsbury's, says, "As the
world's largest retailer of Fairtrade products, Sainsbury's knows just how
important Fairtrade premiums are to the farmers and communities that they
supporting."  n254 She continues, "By introducing QR code technology to our
Fairtrade packaging, we want to help our customers to understand the huge
difference Fairtrade products make in helping to improve people's lives in
developing countries around the world."  n255

   V. THE LIMITATIONS OF THE GRASSROOTS TOOLS

   The grassroots tools of sustainable development are part of the solution to
our economic, social, and environmental needs, but they cannot solve all of our
problems in those areas. Much work is needed to change the perspectives and
values of consumers and the practices of businesses.

A. The Paradigm Shift Is a Major Challenge for Consumers

   The shift to greater reliance on grassroots tools for sustainability requires
a paradigm shift. For example, some citizens devoted to Fair Trade, whether as
consumers, producers, or retailers, are making their own personal shifts. But,
Fair Trade is still only a tiny portion of our markets. Moreover, the paradigm
shift is not easy for even those individuals committed to social justice. In
August of 2013, I spoke at  [*445]  Edgewood United Church of Christ in East
Lansing, Michigan on "Fair Trade as the Practice of Ahimsa (Non-Violence)."
n256 The presentation was part of a series of talks and discussions on Peace and
Justice, and those in attendance were people wanting to explore how they can
make a difference. One elderly gentleman spoke with profound words as each of us
reflected in closing our discussion, saying:


     This would require a major psychological transformation [even for me].
     I have always had a Marxist/Socialist approach to the economy. Yet I
     grew up in the Great Depression and I have always purchased the
     cheapest items from places such as Walmart. As a result of our
     exploration of Fair Trade, I realize that I am as guilty as those I
     criticize in our capitalistic society, in that I am perpetuating the
     system by always buying the cheapest items available.  n257


Others in attendance remarked that they would now be looking more carefully at
the origins of each product they purchase. That is at the essence of Fair Trade:
linking consumers to the producer to promote caring and respectful relationships
among human beings.

B. Markets and Supply Chains Need Time to Meet New Demands

   Another challenge lies in the fact that markets cannot be transformed
immediately from conventional offerings to Fair Trade offerings. A few Fair
Trade products, such as coffee and chocolate, are becoming readily visible to
the public, but they still represent a small portion of the market for that
product. Fair Trade coffee sales grew steadily from 76,059 pounds in 1998 to
109,795,363 pounds in 2009, but they still constituted only about four percent
of a $ 14  [*446]  billion dollar market.  n258 In 2010, sixty-two percent of
Fair Trade coffee was also organic.  n259

   Chocolate is another Fair Trade product that is becoming more readily visible
and available to the public, but it is still in its infancy. Supplies are
limited, and the market is faced with a major challenge highlighted by the fact
that Hershey's has pledged to go to all Fair Trade chocolate by the year 2020.
n260 Its plans for doing so are vague, however, and there are questions about
the ability of producers to provide sufficient quantities of Fair Trade
chocolate as well as Hershey's commitment to its promise.  n261

C. Special Challenges within the Apparel Industry

   Products made in ways that harm human beings and the Earth dominate our
marketplace. The apparel industry is an example of the worst practices
economically, socially, and environmentally. "Ethically made clothes make up a
tiny fraction of one percent of the overall $ 1 trillion USD global fashion
industry. And with a few exceptions, such as the 250-store clothing chain
American Apparel Inc., most aren't national brands."  n262 As Annie Leonard
observes, "Even 'ethical consumerism' is generally limited to choosing the most
responsible item on the menu, which often leaves us choosing between the lesser
of two evils."  n263

    [*447]  Unsafe working conditions in the garment industry are among myriad
problems that make our conventional (non-Fair Trade and non-local) apparel
production systems unsustainable. U.S. labor and worker health and safety laws
do not apply outside of U.S. borders, and most clothing manufacturing is in
developing countries that offer few or no new protections for their workers.

   Conventional production under "free trade" agreements such as the North
American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)  n264 has taken jobs from the United
States and moved them to countries were people work for poverty-level wages.
Workers here and abroad suffer the economic impacts. Statistics on this shift
are sobering. In 1980, there were 1.2 million workers in the U.S. apparel
industry. Since NAFTA took effect on January 1, 1994, job losses have
accelerated, and today there are 160,000 workers in this country's apparel
industry. Currently, yearly pay for sewing machine operators in the United
States is $ 20,000. In Honduras it is $ 2,948, and in Bangladesh it is $ 456.
n265 This is unsustainable in multiple directions. First, wages in all three
countries are not sufficient for workers to support themselves and their
families. Moreover, those wages are grossly inequitable, especially in light of
salaries paid to executives leading the companies. Second, production of nearly
all of our apparel overseas means that we are using energy to ship goods from
across the world to U.S. consumers. This is unsustainable as we deplete our
petroleum and coal reserves. Third, the production of clothing in sweatshops in
other countries goes in tandem with displacement of people, moving them from
their land to cities where they work in unhealthy conditions.

   Haiti is one example. In that country, competition from cheaper U.S.-produced
rice has destroyed the livelihoods of small Haitian famers and pushed people to
move to urban areas. In those urban areas, they work under horrible conditions
for inadequate wages, and live in slums with little electricity that may even
lack running water.  n266 Moreover, this pattern is linked to multiple
environmental  [*448]  problems. For example, cotton growing is water intensive,
and conventional (non-organic) cotton is grown using more hazardous insecticides
than any other major commodity.  n267 Drying and bleaching raw cotton for cloth
uses large amounts of known carcinogens including formaldehyde and heavy metals.
Those chemicals get into groundwater near the cotton mills, workers are exposed
while handing the fabric, and consumers wear the residues next to their skin.
n268

   Research released in 2012 by professors from the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology and Harvard College shows that increasingly customers are demanding
to know about where and how goods are produced. Moreover, it reveals that some
consumers are willing to, and actually do, pay more for clothing accompanied by
information about fair-labor practices.  n269 In response, some retailers and
apparel manufacturers are beginning to reveal the cost breakdowns and
information about production of their products. For example, Everlane, an
on-line boutique, reveals cost breakdowns for its clothing and provides
photographs of its factories as well as information about production practices.
n270

   Fair Trade production of clothing can currently reduce and, in the future,
eliminate unsafe working conditions that lead to disasters such as the one in
May 2013 in Bangladesh. However, Fair Trade-certified clothing supplies are
limited, because certification of Fair Trade clothing is a recent program as
compared to the long established systems for certification of coffee and other
foods.

   The challenges are even greater in light of the fact that ninety-eight
percent of all clothing items sold in the United States are made outside of U.S.
borders. Bangladesh is the third largest exporter of clothing to the United
States after China and Vietnam.  n271 And, it is  [*449]  predicted that by 2020
Bangladesh will become the largest supplier of apparel in the world.  n272
Consider a list of some of the major companies that get clothing from
Bangladesh: Gap, H&M, Walmart, J.C. Penny, Sears, Benetton, The Children's
Place, and Joe Fresh.  n273 It would be unusual to find a U.S. citizen who does
not own one or more pieces of clothing from these companies. Moreover, with
plans for the Transpacific Partnership, our remaining U.S.-based apparel
manufacturing facilities are likely to suffer.  n274

   The challenges in changing the apparel system are overwhelming, but that is
not a reason to give up. Fair Trade provides principles and practices that can
lead the way to apparel production that adheres to the Triple Bottom Line of
economy, social equity, and environment. Conventional, large corporations may be
adding Fair Trade lines in response to market demands instead of out of
commitment to the mission of Fair Trade. It is not the ideal of a mission-based,
100% Fair Trade company, but adding product lines is a step in a good direction.

D. Grassroots Tools Respond to the Challenges

   In summary, the grassroots tools of sustainable development represent a
growing movement. Like all growing movements, they need time to develop further.
Nevertheless, they are important tools that are already helping move our society
toward a new paradigm that is built through personal relationships, trust, and
community and is based on pursuit of the Triple Bottom Line: economy, social
equity, and environment.

 [*450]  VI. FOR FUTURE RESEARCH: SEEKING WAYS THROUGH WHICH LAW AND POLICY CAN
SUPPORT GRASSROOTS TOOLS

   In this article, I provide a review of various grassroots tools and describe
their synergies. The synergies should be cultivated through action by various
parties: consumers, workers, businesses, non-governmental organizations, and
lawmakers. Each of the grassroots tools deserves full exploration. This section
introduces the need for further research on how the law and public policy can be
used to facilitate the grassroots tools of sustainable development. In light of
the complexity of each of them, however, in-depth exploration of possible
directions for law and policy is beyond the scope of this article.

A. Fair Trade, Direct Trade, and Similar Programs

   I have written about the current challenges facing Fair Trade certification
programs. There is a proliferation of competing certification programs and
labels. This stems, at least in part, from the decision of Fair Trade USA to
discontinue its affiliation with FLO. Independently, however, other
certification programs are being developed. In another direction, Direct Trade
and other programs address the same goals as Fair Trade with some variations in
practice. In two in-depth articles, I have written about the challenges inherent
in Fair Trade's movement into mainstream commerce. I conclude that, at the
present, the government's role should be limited to funding research and
educational programs and government procurement of Fair Trade and Direct Trade
goods.  n275 A primary reason for my recommendation is that government
regulation often sets a low bar, as has happened with USDA regulation of
organics.  n276 Moreover, Fair Trade and Direct Trade are still developing, and
regulations would lock the movement into place, stifling progress.  n277

    [*451]  B. Organics

   Organics are controversial among scientists, producers, and consumers. The
spectrum of perspectives ranges from those who believe that it would be feasible
to produce all of the world's food through organic methods, to those who assert
that it is not feasible. Some skeptics assert that organics production reduces
crop yields for some agricultural products by one third to one half.  n278 Up to
date research refutes the findings of those who argue that a return to organics
is not feasible:


     There are actually myriad studies from around the world showing that
     organic farms can produce about as much, and in some settings much
     more, than conventional farms. Where there is a yield gap, it tends to
     be widest in wealthy nations, where farmers use copious amounts of
     synthetic fertilizers and pesticides in a perennial attempt to
     maximize yields. It is true that farmers converting to organic
     production often encounter lower yields in the first few years, as the
     soil and surrounding biodiversity recover from years of assault with
     chemicals.  n279

   A related perspective is that of the small farm-holder raising organics.
Although major agricultural firms assert that organic farming on a small scale
is not financially feasible, there is evidence to the contrary. One source
reports that, in Russia, small farmers of organics are growing ninety-two
percent of Russia's potatoes, seventy-seven percent of her vegetables, and
eighty-seven percent of her fruit.  n280

   From a local, U.S.-based perspective, Ivan Witt, co-owner of the only
certified organic farm in Otsego County Michigan, adds a local  [*452]
U.S.-based perspective.  n281 In an interview, he reported that he cultivated
one-quarter acre in 2013, and from that plot he sold $ 1,025 in produce at the
local Gaylord, Michigan farm market on August 10, 2013. He and his wife, also
his co-owner, can clear about $ 20,000 in a year, on which they gross $ 30,000.
This is not enough to support a family, but, in tight economic times, it can be
a significant supplement. Moreover, Witt points out that his family could
increase its income by preserving more of their produce for consumption during
the winter. During mid-summer, his small farm produces more tomatoes and other
produce than can be sold and consumed at harvest time.  n282 Witt says that if
he could process more products for sale during the winter months, he could
extend his marketing throughout the year. Thus, there would be less food waste
and families would have access to local produce throughout the year.

C. Local Production

   The term "local production" is vague, and it is left up to the consumer to
seek information about the origins of a product labeled as regional. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture's definition is broad. The 2008 Food, Conservation and
Energy Act (2008 Farm Act), defines a local agricultural product as being
produced within 400 miles of the origin or within the state in which it is
produced.  n283 Yet, a 2008 study found that half of consumers expect local
foods to be grown within 100 miles of their home, and thirty seven percent said
described local as "made in my state."  n284

   I recommend that the U.S. Congress adopt a definition of local that uses
standardized language and coincides with consumers' impressions. Congress should
mandate that producers and processors label goods with their geographical
origin. Additionally, any retailer who wants to label goods as local should be
required to include specific information about the product's geographical
origins vis-à-vis the point of sale. For example, the retailer would be required
to  [*453]  state "produced within 100 miles," or "within 400 miles" of this
point of sale, or "within this state." Thus, consumers will be able to choose
products that conform to their own concept of local. This is basic transparency,
conveying relevant and important information to consumers and avoiding vague
labels.

D. Microfinance

   Microfinance has helped the poor gain access to capital for decades. Yet, it
has met criticism in recent years because of some failures related to the
pressures of repaying microloans as well as unfair treatment of borrowers by
unscrupulous institutions.  n285 In India, for example, some borrowers who could
not repay loans committed suicide in recent years. Some say that profit-motives
encourage the poor to take on more debt than they can afford. Many say that this
has resulted from greed by private companies in countries such as India where
those companies make huge profits that are higher than profits made by banks.
n286 On the other hand, microfinance, on the whole, has been a huge success.
n287 It has improved the lives of the poor, especially women and their families.
What is needed is further exploration of how to modify the current system to
make it even more efficient. Some suggestions include creating more markets for
the products of borrowers,  n288 increasing group borrowing,  n289 and
restructuring loan payments.  n290

   There are new opportunities for using microfinance to promote sustainability,
too. Small entrepreneurs in the United States need access to capital through
microloans. Ivan Witt explains challenges he faces running his small organic
farm. First, the work of the year is concentrated in the summer months. If he
could process some of his fresh produce, such as by canning tomatoes and making
them into sauce, he could offer organic foods in local markets year-round. The
next logical step is to do such processing, but he and his wife, who  [*454]
run their farm without outside help, do not have time for that. He suggests that
the U.S. government make small loans available to entrepreneurs who want to
start a micro-processing facility. This would provide jobs, meet the needs of
small farmers like the Witts, and make locally grown and processed foods
available in their local communities.  n291 I echo his words. The program could
be modeled on Michigan's laws permitting community kitchens. For example,
Eastern Market Corporation in Detroit, Michigan recently obtained a $ 1 million
grant to renovate space at Detroit's Eastern Market and support a new community
kitchen. Funding is from the Michigan Community Revitalization Program, which
provides grants or loans to revitalize urban areas and promote mixed use and
sustainable development.  n292 Similarly, grants or loans are needed to help
small farmers who share the challenges facing the Witts.

   In summary, the microfinance industry has had much success in alleviating
poverty. The fact that some profit-oriented organizations have taken advantage
of the poor is not a reason to abandon this important grassroots tool. Rather,
around the world and in the United States, researchers and practitioners must
continue to seek ways to continue the effective microfinance programs, weed out
the unscrupulous, and find new ways to use microfinance to make even greater
impacts in the United States and around the world.

E. Cooperatives

   Various experts in the cooperative movement have discussed the need for
changes in U.S. law and policy. E.G. Nadeau, a leading expert on cooperatives
observes:


     Co-ops and small businesses cannot decentralize and democratize the
     economy themselves. Federal and state regulation, tax reform, and
     lobbying reform are also pre-requisites  [*455]  to increasing
     economic democracy in the United States.  n293


Exploration of that broad statement and the many needs in the cooperative
movement, however, is beyond the scope of this article. Nadeau's book, The
Cooperative Solution: How the United States Can Tame Recessions, Reduce
Inequality, and Protect the Environment will be a strong starting point for such
research.  n294

F. Future Research on Each of These Should Consider Synergies

   Each of these grassroots tools, independently, deserves in-depth research and
exploration to build on what has already been conducted. Additionally, research
and writing on their synergies is needed, and that need will become even more
pressing as use of each of the tools expands around the world.

   VII. CONCLUSION

   This article has explored the grassroots tools of sustainable development and
their synergies. The grassroots tools include Fair Trade and Direct Trade;
organics; local production and purchasing; microfinance; and cooperatives. These
community-based tools for sustainable development have arisen from
mission-oriented individuals or organizations. Yet, conventional businesses are
adopting these tools in various ways in response to consumer demand for more
sustainably-produced products. Therefore, it is increasingly important to study
the tools.

   The grassroots tools work separately and in combination to help change the
paradigm of trade and promote the three legs of the Triple Bottom Line of
sustainability: economy, social equity, and environment. This article has
provided multiple examples of those synergies. We witness unsustainable nature
of production and trade around the world. Unsustainable practices allow us to
purchase inexpensive goods, but those goods are produced through practices that
harm human beings and the Earth. This article began with listing  [*456]  of
several disasters and area of deep concern in today's world. Here are some
responses to those concerns, as discussed in this article.

   Fair Trade and Direct Trade standards and practices in the apparel industry
lead to safer working conditions and fair wages for workers. As a society, we
must not tolerate more accidents caused by neglect and cost cutting such as the
factory collapse in Bangladesh in April of 2013.  n295

   Abuse of children under slave-like conditions in the production of cocoa can
be eliminated by cooperatives operating through Fair Trade and Direct Trade. For
example, the cooperative Kuapa Kokoo (meaning good cocoa growers) of Uganda is
an exception to the pattern of abuse in that country.  n296 This provides a
model for other cocoa-producing countries.

   Step-by-step, the grassroots tools are beginning to address the problem of
unequal distribution of wealth in the United States and around the world.
Microfinance gives small entrepreneurs access to capital that is otherwise
unavailable to them. Fair Trade and Direct Trade bring fair wages and fair
prices to workers and producers. In turn, spending by producers and their
families stimulates local economies.

   Fair Trade and Direct Trade work hand-in-hand with organics to reduce use of
toxic chemicals. Consumers and workers are protected from potential illness or
death. Fewer chemicals are released onto land and into the Earth's land and
waters. Moreover, organics avoid the use of genetically modified organisms,
which are of concern to many consumers.

   In summary, this article is about connecting the dots among grassroots tools
for sustainable development. It points the way toward future research on how law
and policy can support development of the grassroots tools. Increasing numbers
of people realize that we need a new paradigm for production, distribution, and
consumption of goods. The grassroots tools provide consumers with sustainable
options. Those tools operate independently as well as synergistically. Fair
Trade and Direct Trade, organics, local production and purchasing, microfinance,
and cooperatives are  [*457]  expanding around the world, and that expansion
represents significant progress toward a new paradigm that promotes
sustainability from the ground up.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawAssessment & Information AccessPublic ParticipationPensions &
Benefits LawGovernmental EmployeesU.S. Civil Service Retirement SystemGeneral
OverviewTax LawState & Local TaxesSales TaxGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:





n1  See infra text accompanying notes 185, 199-202 (describing how the premise
of this article is reinforced by the work of Jeremy Rifkin and others who assert
that Internet technology and renewable energy are merging to create a Third
Industrial Revolution).





n2  Sohel Uddin, Bangladesh Factory Collapse: Why Women Endure Danger to Make
Clothes for the West, NBC NEWS (May 26, 2013, 1:43 AM),
http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/05/26/18447688-bangladesh-factory-collap
se-why-women-endure-danger-to-make-clothes-for-the-west?lite. This discovery was
shocking in light of the number of people killed, but there have been numerous
similar disasters. In November of 2012, at least 112 people were killed and 200
were injured in a garment factory fire near Bangladesh's capital city. Two days
later, another incident occurred in an apparel factory where employees were
trapped inside a burning building because managers had locked windows and gates
and there were no fire escapes. Emily Jane Fox, The Cost of Cheap Clothes at
Walmart, Sears, CNN MONEY (Nov. 30, 2012, 5:26 AM),
http://money.cnn.com/2012/11/30/news/companies/walmart-bangladesh-factory-fire/i
ndex.html?iid=EL.





n3  Slavery in the Chocolate Industry, FOOD EMPOWERMENT PROJECT,
http://www.foodispower.org/slavery-in-the-chocolate-industry (last visited Feb.
2, 2014). Over sixty percent of the world's cocoa is produced in Ghana and the
Ivory Coast. Tracing the Bitter Truth of Chocolate and Child Labour, BBC NEWS,
http://news.bbc.co.uk/panorama/hi/front_page/newsid_8583000/8583499.stm (last
updated Mar. 24, 2010).





n4  Over 150 farmers, food businesses, and organizations are calling for the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to increase its oversight of trials on
genetically modified crops. Carey Gillam, U.S. Farm, Food Groups Want Better
Oversight of GMO Field Trials, REUTERS (Aug. 21, 2013, 3:55 PM),
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/08/21/us-usa-food-gmos-idUSBRE97K14A20130821
. Some writers insist that fear of effects of GMOs is unfounded. See Fight the
GM Food Scare, SCI. AM., Sept. 2013, at 10. It is important to consider,
however, that "[f]unding, much of it from the companies that sell [Genetically
Modified] seeds, heavily favors researchers who are exploring ways to further
the use of genetic modification in agriculture." David H. Freedman, Are
Engineered Foods Evil?, SCI. AM., Sept. 2013, at 80, 82 (2013).





n5  For exploration of the costs to individuals and society of our quest for
ever-cheaper goods, see generally ELLEN RUPPEL SHELL, CHEAP: THE HIGH COST OF
DISCOUNT CULTURE (2009). Regarding the widening gap between rich and poor in the
United States, see Anna Bernasek, Income Gap Grows Wider (and Faster), N.Y.
TIMES, Aug. 31, 2013,
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/01/business/income-gap-grows-wider-and-faster.htm
l. IBM is removing its retirees from company-sponsored health plan, and it is
giving each employee a lump sum to buy coverage on a health insurance exchange.
Spencer E. Ante, IBM to Move Retirees Off Health Plan, WALL ST. J., Sept. 7,
2013,
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887323893004579059393251153348.html.
In a similar move, UPS is removing 15,000 spouses from employee health care if
that spouse is employed elsewhere. UPS to Drop Health Insurance for 15,000
Spouses of Employees, NJ.COM (Aug. 21, 2013, 11:31 PM),
http://www.nj.com/business/index.ssf/2013/08/ups_to_drop_health_insurance_f.html
.





n6  Grassroots is defined as, "1. People at a local level rather than at the
center of major political activity. Often used with the. 2. The groundwork or
source of something." THE AMERICAN HERITAGE DICTIONARY (4th ed. 2009), available
at http://www.thefreedictionary.com/grass+roots.





n7  Maximilian Majewski, The Lessons of Steve Jobs: Connecting the Dots, LOCKER
GNOME (Aug. 7, 2012),
http://www.lockergnome.com/news/2012/08/07/the-lessons-of-steve-jobs-connecting-
the-dots.





n8  Id.





n9  Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), WORD BUS. COUNCIL FOR SUSTAINABLE
DEV., http://www.wbcsd.org/work-program/
business-role/previous-work/corporate-social-responsibility.aspx (last visited
Mar. 20, 2014).





n10  See Steven Ferrey, Corporate Energy Responsibility: International and
Domestic Perspectives on Supply and Demand in the New Millennium, 25 FORDHAM
ENVTL. L. REV. 83, 83 (2013).





n11  Id. at 85.





n12  For in-depth discussion, see Margaret M. Blair et al., The New Role for
Assurance Services in Global Commerce, 33 J. CORP. L. 325 (2008).





n13  For in-depth discussion, see Paulette L. Stenzel, Can the ISO 14000 Series
Environmental Management Standards Provide a Viable Alternative to Government
Regulation?, 37 AM. BUS. L.J. 237 (2000).





n14  Dive into the Information Hub, GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE,
https://www.globalreporting.org/information/Pages/default.aspx (last visited
Jan. 31, 2014).





n15  Dow Jones Sustainable Indices: Overview, S&P DOW JONES INDICES,
http://www.djindexes.com/sustainability (last visited Jan. 30, 2014).





n16  SPECIAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE SEC'Y-GEN., GUIDING PRINCIPLES ON BUSINESS
AND HUMAN RIGHTS: IMPLEMENTING THE UNITED NATIONS "PROTECT, RESPECT AND REMEDY"
FRAMEWORK (2011),
http://www.ohchr.org/Documents/Publications/GuidingPrinciplesBusinessHR_EN.pdf.





n17  See U.N. World Comm'n on Env't and Dev., Our Common Future, U.N. Doc
A/42/427 Annex, ch. 2, para. 1 (1987), available at
http://www.un-documents.net/our-common-future.pdf.





n18  THE CONSTITUTION OF THE IROQUOIS NATIONS: THE GREAT BINDING LAW,
GAYANASHAGOWA art. 28, available at http://www.indigenouspeople.net/iroqcon.htm.
This is sometimes paraphrased as: "In our every deliberation, we must consider
the impact of our decisions on the next seven generations." See, e.g., Jeffrey
Hollender, Profits with Purpose: Seventh Generation, FAST COMPANY, Feb. 11,
2008, http://www.fastcompany.com/social/2008/profiles/seventh-generation.html.





n19  Linda Chapel Jackson, Foreword, ENGAGED SCHOLAR, Summer 2009, at 1,
available at http://engagedscholar.msu.edu/magazine/volume4/foreword.aspx.





n20  See generally PETER M. SENGE, THE FIFTH DISCIPLINE: THE ART AND PRACTICE OF
THE LEARNING ORGANIZATION (2006).





n21  PAUL HAWKEN ET AL., NATURAL CAPITALISM: THE NEXT INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION
(10th anniversary ed. 2010). The authors say, "Natural capital includes all the
familiar resources used by humankind . . . [b]ut it also encompasses living
systems, which include grasslands, savannas, wetlands, estuaries, oceans, coral
reefs, riparian corridors, tundras, and rainforests." Id. at 2.





n22  Anderson passed on in 2011. About the Foundation, RAY C. ANDERSON FOUND.,
http://www.raycandersonfoundation.org/about (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n23  RAY C. ANDERSON WITH ROBIN WHITE, CONFESSIONS OF A RADICAL INDUSTRIALIST:
PROFITS, PEOPLE, PURPOSE--DOING BUSINESS BY RESPECTING THE EARTH 151 (2009).





n24  About the Foundation, supra note 22.





n25  Dive into the Information Hub, supra note 14.





n26  GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE, ANNUAL REPORT 2011/12, at 20 (2012),
https://www.globalreporting.org/resourcelibrary/GRI-Annual-Report-2011-2012.pdf.





n27  Id.





n28  ANDREW W. SAVITZ WITH KARL WEBER, THE TRIPLE BOTTOM LINE 212 (2006).





n29  Dennis M. Gawlik, A Common Language, INSIDE SUPPLY MGMT. MAG., June 2009,
at 34, 35.





n30  The GRI has revised its guidelines several times. As of December 31, 2013,
all companies reporting under the GRI must comply with the G4 guidelines. G3.1
and G3 Guidelines, GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE,
https://www.globalreporting.org/reporting/G3andG3-1/Pages/default.aspx (last
visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n31  Indicator Protocols Set: Economic (EC), GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE 4
(version 3.1, 2011),
https://www.globalreporting.org/resourcelibrary/G3.1-Economic-Indicator-Protocol
s.pdf.





n32  Indicator Protocols Set: Society (SO), GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE 2
(version 3.1, 2011),
https://www.globalreporting.org/resourcelibrary/G3.1-Society-Indicator-Protocol.
pdf.





n33  Indicator Protocols Set: Environment (EN), GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE 3
(version 3.1, 2011),
https://www.globalreporting.org/resourcelibrary/G3.1-Society-Indicator-Protocol.
pdf.





n34  Ferrey, supra note 10.





n35  10 Principles of Fair Trade, WORLD FAIR TRADE ORG. (Oct. 28, 2013),
http://www.wfto.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=2&Itemid=11.





n36  JAQUELINE DECARLO, FAIR TRADE 80 (2007).





n37  History of Fairtrade, FAIRTRADE INT'L,
http://www.fairtrade.net/history-of-fairtrade.html (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n38  Certifying Fairtrade, FAIRTRADE INT'L,
http://www.fairtrade.net/certifying-fairtrade.html (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n39  FAIR TRADE USA, http://www.fairtradeusa.org (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n40  INST. FOR MARKETECOLOGY,
http://www.imo.ch/logicio/pmws/indexDOM.php?client_id=imo&page_id=home&lang_iso6
39=en (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n41  Jeremy Pruijn, Small Producers Organizations at the Forefront of Fair Trade
, FAIR WORLD PROJECT,
http://fairworldproject.org/voices-of-fair-trade/small-producers-organizations-a
t-the-forefront-of-fair-trade (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n42  WORLD FAIR TRADE ORG., http://www.wfto.com (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n43  FAIR TRADE FED'N, http://www.fairtradefederation.org (last visited Jan. 31,
2014).





n44  Fairtrade International Releases Annual Report on "Unlocking the Power",
FAIRTRADE INT'L (Sept. 3, 2013),
http://www.fairtrade.net/single-view+M5ea61c32635.html.





n45  Id.





n46  Sales of Fair Trade Certified TM Products Up 75 Percent in 2011, FAIR TRADE
USA (Mar. 6, 2012),
http://fairtradeusa.org/press-room/press_release/sales-fair-trade-certified-prod
ucts-75-percent-2011.





n47  Dunkin' Donuts sells 100% percent Fair Trade certified espresso,
cappuccino, and lattes. The Espresso Story, DUNKIN' DONUTS,
http://www.dunkindonuts.com/content/dunkindonuts/en/coffee/espressostory.html
(last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n48  Starbucks Campaign, GLOBAL EXCHANGE,
http://www.globalexchange.org/fairtrade/coffee/starbucks (last visited Jan. 31,
2014).





n49  Id.





n50  FAIRTRADE FOUND., FAIRTRADE AND COCOA 2 (2011),
http://www.fairtrade.org.uk/includes/documents/cm_docs/2011/C/Cocoa%20Briefing%2
0FINAL%208Sept11.pdf; WORLD COCOA FOUND., COCOA MARKET UPDATE (2012),
http://worldcocoafoundation.org/wp-content/uploads/Cocoa-Market-Update-as-of-3.2
0.2012.pdf





n51  FAIRTRADE FOUND., supra note 50, at 2.





n52  Nestlé owns and controls the KitKat brand throughout the world, and
Hershey's licenses it in the United States. Nilay Patel, Android KitKat: The
Story Behind a Delicious Partnership, THE VERGE (Sept. 3, 2013, 4:39 PM),
http://www.theverge.com/2013/9/3/4691040/android-kitkat-the-story-behind-a-delic
ious-partnership.





n53  Transfair USA Is Changing the Face of Fashion and Textiles in the US, FAIR
TRADE USA (Nov. 18, 2009, 5:29 PM),
http://wwww.fairtradeusa.org/blog/transfair-usa-changing-face-fashion-and-textil
es-us.





n54  For Red Nose Day on March 18, 2011, TK Maxx created a line of t-shirts made
from 100% Fair Trade certified organic cotton from Mali, West Africa. The shirts
are wholly manufactured in Africa. Fairtrade Organic Cotton, TK MAXX,
http://www.tkmaxx.com/fairtrade-organic-cotton/page/fairtrade (last visited Jan.
31, 2014).





n55  About People Tree, PEOPLE TREE, http://www.peopletree.co.uk/about-us (last
visited Feb. 24, 2014).





n56  WGSN Global Style Awards--People Tree Wins Most Sustainable Brand, PEOPLE
TREE MAG. (Nov. 12, 2010),
http://www.peopletreemagazine.co.uk/safiasblog/7352/wgsn-global-style-awards-peo
ple-tree-wins-most-sustainable-brand.html.





n57  People Tree 2009-2010: Sixth Biennial Social Review, PEOPLE TREE (2010),
http://www.peopletree.co.uk/Configuration/PeopleTree/Downloads/documents/social_
review_10.pdf.





n58  Emma Watson, who gained fame as a star in the Harry Potter movies, has been
featured on the cover of women's fashion magazines including Vogue, Glamour,
Elle, Style, Marie Claire, and even men's fashion magazine, British GQ. She is
often found in People magazine's Style Watch feature. See, e.g., Emma Watson in
W: 'I've Never Been in a Terrible Rush to Be Seen as a 'Woman', PEOPLE (May 16,
2013, 8:00 AM),
http://stylenews.peoplestylewatch.com/2013/05/16/emma-watson-w-cover.





n59  In the European Union as of 2011, Ben & Jerry's was using all Fairtrade
sugar, cocoa, coffee, and vanilla in its product. Fairtrade Ben & Jerry's,
UNILEVER,
http://www.unilever.com/sustainable-living/sustainablesourcing/fairtrade (last
visited Mar. 19, 2014).





n60  Id.





n61  Ben & Jerry's: Overview, UNILEVER,
http://www.unilever.com/brands-in-action/detail/ben-and-jerrys/291995/?WT.conten
ttype=view%20brands (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n62  Id.





n63  Ron Todt, Hershey's to Use Certified Cocoa Only by 2020, HUFFINGTON POST
(Oct. 3, 2012, 7:13 PM),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/10/04/hersheys-certified-cocoa-2020_n_1938741
.html.





n64  Id.





n65  Id.





n66  For discussion, see infra notes 260-61 and accompanying text.





n67  I use this term without capitalization and with quotation marks to
distinguish use of the term "Fair Trade" from common usage of "fair trade"
without reference to certification or membership in the FTF or WFTF.





n68  See infra text accompanying notes 85-87 (discussion of Direct Trade). Some
Direct Trade programs are extremely effective in their goals, which parallel and
overlap in multiple ways with the goals of Fair Trade.





n69  During most of the history of Fair Trade, producers and
producer-cooperatives have been the sellers. The reference to workers is
necessary because Fair Trade USA is now certifying plantations. Many Fair Trade
advocates are enraged by this action and other changes being instituted by Fair
Trade USA. In fact, because of this new practice, many Fair Trade sellers have
turned to other Fair Trade certifiers, leaving Fair Trade USA. William Neuman, A
Question of Fairness, N.Y. TIMES, Nov. 23, 2011,
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/11/24/business/as-fair-trade-movement-grows-a-disput
e-over-its-direction.html.





n70  10 Principles of Fair Trade, supra note 35.





n71  Id.





n72  Id.





n73  As noted, many of the items on this list come from a list of principles
published by Fair Trade USA. Id. Others, including this one and numbers eight,
nine, eleven, and twelve, are ones that I have gathered from my years of study
of Fair Trade. Just Coffee, for example, emphasizes this point. See JUST COFFEE
COOP., http://justcoffee.coop (last visited Mar. 19, 2014).





n74  10 Principles of Fair Trade, supra note 35.





n75  Id.





n76  Id.





n77  Just Coffee emphasizes this. See JUST COFFEE COOP., supra note 73.





n78  Id.





n79  Id.





n80  Id.





n81  "Fair-trade products aim to eliminate the middlemen and let the farmers
deal directly with buyers." Elizabeth Weise, Fair Trade Sweetens Pot, USA TODAY
(Feb. 9, 2005, 11:26 PM),
http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/life/lifestyle/2005-02-08-chocolate_x.htm. This
reference to Fair Trade USA's decision to certify plantations instead of
cooperatives creates the need for this reference to worker. Many Fair Trade
groups and advocates oppose this move because certification of the plantation
creates another middle person. For a discussion, see Paulette L. Stenzel,
Mainstreaming Fair Trade and Resulting Turmoil: Where Should the Movement Go
from Here?, 37 WM. & MARY ENVTL. L. & POL'Y REV. 617, 650-52 (2013).





n82  JUST COFFEE COOP., supra note 73.





n83  Here is a more detailed explanation. First, look for democratic
organization. This means that the producers are organized through cooperatives
or similar associations that are transparent in their operations and
democratically controlled. For example, transparency includes open sharing of
information with owners and non-owner workers, labeling, and postings on
websites. Second, the producer is paid at or above required Fair Trade prices as
set by Fair Trade certifying organizations. Coffee falls within this category.
If the item is not one for which certification is available and, therefore,
there is no set price for the product, the producer is paid a "living wage" as
determined by economic conditions in his or her own country. Third, importers
establish direct, long-term relationships with producers, and they avoid
purchasing from middlepersons. The long-term relationship is essential for
economic and social stability within producers' communities. Fourth, importers
provide pre-financing to assist growers or producers with expenses leading to
harvest or completion of products. Just Coffee, for example, pays up to sixty
percent of the purchase price to coffee farmers before or during the harvest.
Fifth, the growers engage in "environmental stewardship." In the case of coffee,
this includes, for example, integrated pest management, use of a variety of
trees in the shade canopy, erosion control, and other ecologically sustainable
practices. Id.





n84  For an in-depth exploration of how Fair Trade promotes sustainable
development, see Paulette L. Stenzel, The Pursuit of Equilibrium as the Eagle
Meets the Condor: Supporting Sustainable Development Through Fair Trade, 49 AM.
BUS. L.J. 557 (2012). See various issues of the U.S.-based magazine dedicated to
exploration of Issues and Challenges in Fair Trade. Dana Geffner, Challenges of
Certification for Fair Trade Crafts: Part 2, FAIR WORLD PROJECT,
http://www.fairworldproject.org/voices-of-fair-trade/challenges-of-certification
.-for-fair-trade-crafts-part-2 (last visited Feb. 25, 2014). See also the
Canadian publication, Fair Trade Magazine, for an exploration of current issues
in fair trade. Current issues and past issues are available at Magazine,
CANADIAN FAIR TRADE NETWORK, http://cftn.ca/fair-trade-magazine-july-2013 (last
visited Feb. 25, 2014).





n85  Stenzel, supra note 81, at 650-52.





n86  Id. This is a goal of Fair Trade, too. See, e.g., 10 Principles of Fair
Trade, supra note 35.





n87  For an in-depth discussion, see Stenzel, supra 81.





n88  VALERIE NELSON & BARRY POUND, NATURAL RES. INST., A REVIEW OF THE IMPACT OF
FAIRTRADE OVER THE LAST TEN YEARS 2 (2010),
http://www.fairtrade.org.uk/includes/documents/cm_docs/2011/f/ft_lit_review_brie
fing_paper_final.pdf.





n89  Id. at 4.





n90  Id. at 5.





n91  National Organic Program, AGRIC. MKTG. SERV.,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/nop (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n92  Id.





n93  United States: Organic Market Surpasses 31 Billion US Dollars in 2011,
ORGANIC WORLD (Apr. 5, 2012),
http://www.organic-world.net/news-organic-world.html?&L=0&tx_ttnews%5Btt_news%5D
=692&cHash=1238d560543ac0435f8a404608ce2a65.





n94  Industry Statistics and Projected Growth, ORGANIC TRADE ASS'N (June 2011),
http://www.ota.com/organic/mt/business.html.





n95  United States: Organic Market Surpasses 31 Billion US Dollars in 2011,
supra note 93.





n96  History of Organic Farming in the United States, SUSTAINABLE AGRIC.
RESEARCH & EDUC.,
http://www.sare.org/Learning-Center/Bulletins/Transitioning-to-Organic-Productio
n/Text-Version/History-of-Organic-Farming-in-the-United-States (last visited
Jan. 31, 2014).





n97  Id.





n98  Id.





n99  GEORGE KUEPPER, KERR CTR. FOR SUSTAINABLE AGRIC., A BRIEF OVERVIEW OF THE
HISTORY AND PHILOSOPHY OF ORGANIC AGRICULTURE 10 (2010),
http://www.kerrcenter.com/publications/organic-philosophy-report.pdf.





n100  History of Organic Farming in the United States, supra note 96.





n101  USDA Oversight of Organic Products, AGRIC. MKTG. SERV. (Nov. 2012),
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELDEV3004443&acct=nopgeninfo.





n102  KUEPPER, supra note 99, at 12.





n103  USDA Oversight of Organic Products, supra note 101.





n104  USDA Accredited Certifying Agents, AGRIC. MKTG. SERV.,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData.do?template=TemplateJ&navI
D=NationalOrganicProgram&leftNav=NationalOrganicProgram&page=NOPACAs&description
=USDA%20Accredited%20Certifying%20Agents (last updated Apr. 23, 2013). This
website refers to "agents," but the USDA list linked to this website is a list
of agencies.





n105  Organic Foods Production Act Backgrounder, ORGANIC TRADE ASS'N,
http://www.ota.com/pp/legislation/backgrounder.html (last updated Jan. 25,
2013).





n106  Id.





n107  Who Is CCOF?, CAL. CERTIFIED ORGANIC FARMERS, http://www.ccof.org/ccof
(last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n108  About OCIA, OCIA INT'L, http://www.ocia.org/about-ocia (last visited Jan.
31, 2014).





n109  Certifying Agent Accreditation and Agreements with Foreign Governments,
AGRIC. MKTG. SERV. (Aug. 2010),
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELDEV3004444&acct=nopgeninfo.





n110  Found. Ecology & Agric. & Research Inst. of Organic Agric., Organic
Farming in Europe: Recent Developments and Future Prospects, ENVIROWINDOWS (July
2002), http://ew.eea.europa.eu/Agriculture/organic/Europe/of_in_europe.





n111  See id.





n112  About Us, INT'L FED'N OF ORGANIC AGRIC. MOVEMENTS,
http://www.ifoam.org/en/about-us-1 (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n113  Found. Ecology & Agric. & Research Inst. of Organic Agric., supra note
110, at 7.





n114  EU Legislation, EUROPEAN COMM'N, AGRIC. & RURAL DEV.,
http://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/organic/eu-policy/legislation_en (last visited
Jan. 31, 2014).





n115  See id.; Council Regulation 834/2007, 2007 O.J. (L 189) 1 (EC), available
at
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=CONSLEG:2007R0834:20081010
:EN:PDF; Organic Certification, EUROPEAN COMM'N, AGRIC. & RURAL DEV.,
http://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/organic/organic-farming/what-is-organic-farming/
organic-certification/index_en.htm (last visited Mar. 19, 2014).





n116  Organic Certification, supra note 115.





n117  See id.





n118  See id.





n119  The countries are Argentina, Australia, Costa Rica, India, Israel, Japan,
New Zealand, and Tunisia. European Union (EU), GLOBAL ORGANIC MKT. ACCESS (July
1, 2011), http://www.goma-organic.org/equivalence-tracker/european-union-eu.





n120  Michael Sligh, Fair Trade at the Crossroads--Lessons from the Organic
Movement, FAIR WORLD PROJECT (Fall 2012),
http://fairworldproject.org/voices-of-fair-trade/fair-trade-at-the-crossroads-le
ssons-from-the-organic-movement.





n121  Id.





n122  Comparison of EU and US Standards, ORGANIC TRADE ASS'N (July 2002),
http://www.ota.com/standards/other/eu_us.html.





n123  Alice Varon, Certified Naturally Grown, ORGANIC PRODUCER (Nov./Dec. 2006),
http://www.organicproducermag.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=feature.display&feature_i
d=73.





n124  For a chart revealing the organic brands with ties to the top one hundred
food processors in North America, see Who Owns Organic, CORNUCOPIA INST. (Feb.
2014), http://www.cornucopia.org/who-owns-organic.





n125  E. LANSING FOOD CO-OP, http://elfco.coop/wp (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n126  Our Local Suppliers, E. LANSING FOOD CO-OP,
http://elfco.coop/wp/goodfood/our-local-suppliers (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n127  About Us, FOODS FOR LIVING,
http://www.foodsforliving.com/retailer/store_templates/ret_about_us.asp?storeID=
F491B142FA784F2CBDF1E053A643A6A7 (last visited Aug. 28, 2013).





n128  EAT LOCAL GROWN, http://eatlocalgrown.com (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n129  What Is CSA?, JUST FOOD, http://www.justfood.org/csa (last visited Jan.
31, 2014).





n130  For example, the Michigan State Student Organic Farm operates a year-round
CSA with three sessions of sixteen weeks each. A share, that is designed to
serve four people, costs $ 540 per session. CSA: MSU Student Organic Farm, LOCAL
HARVEST, http://www.localharvest.org/csa/M5405 (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n131  STEVE MARTINEZ ET AL., U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., ECON. RESEARCH REPORT NO. 97,
LOCAL FOOD SYSTEMS: CONCEPTS, IMPACTS, AND ISSUES (2010),
http://www.ers.usda.gov/ersDownloadHandler.ashx?file=/media/122868/err97_1_.pdf.





n132  Judith D. Schwartz, Buying Local: How It Boosts the Economy, TIME, June
11, 2009, http://content.time.com/time/business/article/0,8599,1903632,00.html.





n133  For discussion of the health and nutritional benefits of local,
sustainably produced fruits and vegetables, see Local & Community Food Systems,
GRACE COMMS. FOUND.,
http://www.sustainabletable.org/254/local-regional-food-systems (last visited
Jan. 31, 2014). This article asserts that some producers take advantage of
consumers. Some food marketed as "local" may be "industrial food" in disguise.





n134  Consumer Understanding of Buying Local, HARTMAN GROUP (Feb. 26, 2008),
http://www.hartman-group.com/hartbeat/consumer-understanding-of-buying-local.





n135  James C. Brau & Gary M. Woller, Microfinance: A Comprehensive Review of
the Existing Literature, 9 J. ENTREPRENEURIAL FIN. 1, 3 (2004),
https://www.econstor.eu/dspace/bitstream/10419/55971/1/662522133.pdf.





n136  The History of Microfinance, GLOBAL ENVISION (Apr. 14, 2006),
http://www.globalenvision.org/library/4/1051.





n137  Brau & Woller, supra note 135, at 3.





n138  MUHAMMAD YUNUS, BANKER TO THE POOR: MICRO-LENDING AND THE BATTLE AGAINST
WORLD POVERTY 45-50 (2007).





n139  Id.





n140  Awards & Recognition, GRAMEEN FOUND.,
http://www.grameenfoundation.org/about/awards-recognition (last visited Jan. 31,
2014).





n141  What We Do, ACCION, http://www.accion.org/what-we-do (last visited Jan.
31, 2014).





n142  About Us, SHRI MAHILA SEWA SAHAKAIR BANK LTD.,
http://www.sewabank.com/introduction.html (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n143  BancoSol, CGAP MICROFINANCE GATEWAY,
http://www.microfinancegateway.org/p/site/m/template.rc/1.11.46992 (last visited
Jan. 31, 2014).





n144  Id.





n145  About Microfinance Investment Funds, LUMINIS,
https://www.luminismicrofinance.com/microfinanceinvestment (last visited Jan.
31, 2014).





n146  Brau & Woller, supra note 135, at 3.





n147  What Is Microfinance?, CGAP MICROFINANCE GATEWAY,
http://www.microfinancegateway.org/p/site/m/template.rc/1.26.12263 (last visited
Jan. 31, 2014).





n148  Id.





n149  YUNUS, supra note 138, at 62-63, 65-66; Rebecca Farrer, Exploring the
Human Rights Implications of Microfinance Initiatives, 36 INT'L J. LEGAL INFO.
447, 448 (2008).





n150  For a report on current outstanding loans and recovery rates, see 2014-02
Issue 410 USD, GRAMEEN BANK (Mar. 5, 2014),
http://www.grameen-info.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=453&Itemid
=422. Through a housing loan program extending a total of $ 190 million U.S.
dollars, more than 560,000 houses were built in Bangladesh, and the repayment
rate was nearly perfect. YUNUS, supra note 138, at 130.





n151  Microfinance in Evolution, DEUTSCHE BANK RES. (Sept. 13, 2012),
http://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/DBR_INTERNET_ENPROD/PROD0000000000294314.pdf?kid=
dbr.inter_ghpen.headline.





n152  BLUE ORCHARD, http://www.blueorchard.org (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n153  For a review of the literature on microfinance, see Brau & Woller, supra
note 135.





n154  For history, see Cooperatives in the U.S., UNIV. OF WIS.-MADISON CTR. FOR
COOPS., http://www.uwcc.wisc.edu/whatisacoop/History (last visited Jan. 31,
2014).





n155  E.G. NADEAU, THE COOPERATIVE SOLUTION: HOW THE UNITED STATES CAN TAME
RECESSIONS, REDUCE INEQUALITY, AND PROTECT THE ENVIRONMENT 4 (2012).





n156  Id. at 4.





n157  International Year of Cooperatives 2012, UNITED NATIONS,
http://social.un.org/coopsyear (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n158  Id.





n159  See, e.g., About ELFCO, E. LANSING FOOD CO-OP, http://elfco.coop/wp/about
(last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n160  Our Local Suppliers, supra note 126.





n161  REI Overview, REI, http://www.rei.com/about-rei/business.html (last
visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n162  Credit unions in the United States are non-profit corporations that exist
to serve their members, unlike a bank, which exists to pursue profits for its
shareholders. How Is a Credit Union Different than a Bank?, NAT'L CREDIT UNION
ADMIN.,
http://www.mycreditunion.gov/about-credit-unions/Pages/How-is-a-Credit-Union-Dif
ferent-than-a-Bank.aspx (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n163  NADEAU, supra note 155, at 7.





n164  For a history and description of this cooperative and its operations, see
Maya Vinic--Mexico, COOP. COFFEES,
http://coopcoffees.com/what/tradingpartners/maya-vinic-mexico (last visited Jan.
31, 2014).





n165  Id.





n166  Who We Are, OCEAN SPRAY, http://www.oceanspray.com/Who-We-Are.aspx (last
visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n167  LAND O'LAKES, LAND O'LAKES INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT: AN OVERVIEW,
http://www.idd.landolakes.com/stellent/groups/public/documents/web_content/ecmp2
-0175043.pdf (last visited Mar. 19, 2014).





n168  The company was founded in 1910 and members of the cooperative produce
over eighty percent of the world's almond supply. Their products are sold in the
United States and more than ninety other countries. Blue Diamond Growers, BLUE
DIAMOND ALMONDS, http://www.bluediamond.com/?navid=12 (last visited Jan. 31,
2014).





n169  NADEAU, supra note 155, at 37.





n170  Welcome to Cooperative Coffees, COOP. COFFEES, http://coopcoffees.com
(last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n171  MY ACE HARDWARE, http://www.myace.com (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n172  Frequently Asked Questions, ACE,
http://www.acehardware.com/corp/index.jsp?page=faq (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n173  NADEAU, supra note 155, at 37.





n174  Products, EQUAL EXCHANGE, http://equalexchange.coop/products (last visited
Jan. 31, 2014).





n175  NADEAU, supra note 155, at 37.





n176  The Rochdale Principles, ROCHDALE PIONEERS MUSEUM,
http://www.rochdalepioneersmuseum.coop/about-us/the-rochdale-principles (last
visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n177  Id.; see also NADEAU, supra note 155, at 5.





n178  For further research on cooperatives, see ASS'N OF COOP. EDUCATORS,
http://www.ace.coop (last visited Jan. 31, 2014); UNIV. OFWIS.-MADISON CTR. FOR
COOPS., http://www.uwcc.wisc.edu (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n179  Mahfuz Sadique, Dhaka Factory Collapse: Three Months On, BBC NEWS (July
24, 2013, 5:41 AM), http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-23415560.





n180  Bangladesh Factory Collapse Probe Uncovers Abuses, BBC NEWS (May 23, 2013,
7:28 AM), http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-22635409.





n181  Photos were published showing that some clothing sold at Walmart had been
made at that factory. Fox, supra note 2. Walmart countered by saying that it had
since ended its relationship with the vendor. Walmart also emphasized that it
had conducted 9,737 audits in 8,713 factories in 2011. The problem is that the
reports are neither published online nor are they shown to factory workers.
Victor Luckerson, Bangladesh Factory Collapse: Is There Blood on Your Shirt?,
TIME BUS. & MONEY, May 2, 2013,
http://business.time.com/2013/05/02/bangladesh-factory-collapse-is-there-blood-o
n-your-shirt.





n182  Luckerson, supra note 181. The biggest American retailers have started
their own safety initiative as part of The Alliance for Bangladesh Worker
Safety. The plan is designed to provide "tangible safety improvements and
benefits to Bangladeshi garment workers, especially to the women who make up
approximately eighty percent of the garment workforce, and their families," and
to provide "rapid implementation, worker empowerment, and the long-term support
necessary to advance sustainable change." George J. Mitchell & Olympia Snowe,
The Alliance for Bangladesh Worker Safety: Action Plan Overview,
http://az204679.vo.msecnd.net/media/documents/bangladesh-alliance-action-plan_13
0179348580139248.PDF (last visited Feb. 26, 2014). Companies committed to this
include Walmart, Gap, J.C. Penny, Target, Sears, and Macy's. However, they have
been criticized because they have chosen not to join the Accord on Fire and
Building Safety in Bangladesh, which many thought should be an industry wide
pact. The plan designed by the U.S. companies has been a "pale imitation" of
Accord by IndustriALL, the global union that supports the Accord. IndustriALL
asserts that the plan backed by U.S.-based companies will not prevent them from
repeating the past. Walmart/Gap Bangladesh Safety Plan: Pale Imitation of Accord
, INDUSTRIALL GLOBAL UNION (Oct. 7, 2013),
http://www.industriall-union.org/walmart-gap-bangladesh-safety-plan-pale-imitati
on-of-accord.





n183  Reporting under the GRI is also an option, but the GRI is primarily used
by larger, conventional businesses.





n184  Many AGAIG loans to coffee farmers, artisans, and textile producers last
for thirteen months. The interest rate is five percent to be paid in the
lendee's product, be it coffee, textiles, or other products. Longer-term loans
to coffee farmers for land are usually for a period of five years and are repaid
in product. Similarly, land loans, which have a five-year term, pay interest in
coffee. Small Loan Contribution, AS GREEN AS IT GETS,
http://www.asgreenasitgets.org/donate/small-loan-contribution (last visited Jan.
31, 2014).





n185  See infra text accompanying notes 200-02.





n186  Jim Ford, Farmers Markets at the Center of Social Interaction,
EXAMINER.COM (Aug. 10, 2012),
http://www.examiner.com/article/farmers-markets-at-the-center-of-social-interact
ion.





n187  Alexandra Link & Chris Ling, Farmers' Markets and Local Food Systems, CRC
RES. (June 18, 2007),
http://crcresearch.org/case-studies/crc-case-studies/farmers-markets-and-local-f
ood-systems.





n188  KIRABO, http://kirabofairtrade.com (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n189  TEN THOUSAND VILLAGES, http://www.tenthousandvillages.com (last visited
Jan. 31, 2014).





n190  SPARTAN GLOBAL DEV. FUND, http://www.spartanglobalfund.org (last visited
Jan. 31, 2014).





n191  Spartan Global Stories, SPARTAN GLOBAL DEV. FUND,
http://www.spartanglobalfund.org/gallery.html (last visited Jan. 31, 2014); see
Dan Zaharia & Josh Lieto, Working Together, Worlds Apart (May 29, 2013),
http://spartanshelpingspartans.com/2013/05/29/working-together-worlds-apart.





n192  The daily cost for a vendor to rent a table at a farmer's market varies
according to location. In Haines, Alaska, it is five dollars per day, in
Orlando, Florida, it costs twenty-five dollars, and in Saginaw, Michigan, the
price is thirty dollars per day. See Vendor Application, HAINES ALASKA FARMERS
MKT., http://www.hainesfarmersmarket.org/vendor-application (last visited Jan.
31, 2014); Winter Garden Farmers Market Agreement, WINTER GARDENS FARMERS MKT.,
http://wintergardenfarmersmarket.com/files/WinterGarden_App_Updated_2012.pdf
(last visited Jan. 31, 2014); 2012 Market Season: Guidelines, Definitions,
Rules, and Regulations, DOWNTOWN SAGINAW FARMERS' MKT.,
http://www.saginawfarmersmarket.org/uploads/9/3/8/1/9381222/2012_dsfm_rules_regu
lations.pdf (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n193  About, ETSY, http://www.etsy.com/about (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n194  About Us, ARTIST SHARE, http://www.artistshare.net/v4/About (last visited
Jan. 31, 2014).





n195  For example, one entrepreneur is using Indiegogo to raise funds for
sustainable hostels for travelers that will be organized as a cooperative. The
Future: High-tech Hostel and Community, INDIEGOGO,
http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-future-high-tech-hostel-and-community
(last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n196  KICKSTARTER, https://www.kickstarter.com (last visited Mar. 20, 2014).





n197  WIKIPEDIA, http://www.wikipedia.org (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n198  How It Works, EATLOCALGROWN, http://eatlocalgrown.com/how-it-works.html
(last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n199  For information about his career, books, lectures, and activities, see
generally Jeremy Rifkin, THE OFFICE OF JEREMY RIFKIN: THE FOUND. OF ECON.
TRENDS, http://www.foet.org/JeremyRifkin.htm (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n200  JEREMY RIFKIN, THE THIRD INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION: HOW LATERAL POWER IS
TRANSFORMING ENERGY, THE ECONOMY, AND THE WORLD 43-63 (2011).





n201  In May of 2007, the European Parliament issued a declaration endorsing the
Third Industrial Revolution, and this revolution is being implemented by various
EU agencies and member states. Id. at 3.





n202  Id. at 152.





n203  FAIR TRADE RESOURCES NETWORK, http://www.fairtraderesource.org (last
visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n204  FAIR WORLD PROJECT, http://fairworldproject.org (last visited Jan. 31,
2014).





n205  See, e.g., FAIR TRADE MAGAZINE, July 2013, available at
http://cftn.ca/fair-trade-magazine-july-2013.





n206  Discussion of educational efforts for each of the grassroots tools is
beyond the scope of this article. For discussion of educational tools in Fair
Trade, see Stenzel, supra note 84, at 624-625, 630-634.





n207  UNIV. MEETS MICROFIN.,
http://www.universitymeetsmicrofinance.eu/site/home.html (last visited Sept. 25,
2013).





n208  Giselle Weybrecht, Teaching Students about Microfinance, PRIMETIME (Feb.
20, 2012), http://primetime.unprme.org/tag/university-of-michigan.





n209  Id.





n210  Id.





n211  U. CHI. MICROFINANCE INITIATIVE, http://www.ucmicrofinance.com (last
visited Sept. 25, 2013).





n212  Our Partnerships, U. CHI. MICROFINANCE INITIATIVE,
http://www.ucmicrofinance.com/about-ucmi/partnerships (last visited Sept. 25,
2013).





n213  Id.





n214  SPARTAN GLOBAL DEV. FUND, supra note 190.





n215  See, e.g., Welcome to Cooperative Coffees, supra note 170.





n216  US Fair Trade Certified Product Sales Surge, SUSTAINABLE BUS. (May 6,
2011, 1:43 PM),
http://www.sustainablebusiness.com/index.cfm/go/news.display/id/22361.





n217  Coffee, NEWMAN'S OWN ORGANIC,
http://www.newmansownorganics.com/food_coffee.html (last visited Mar. 19, 2014).





n218  PEACE COFFEE, https://www.peacecoffee.com (last visited Mar. 19, 2014).





n219  About Us, BATDORF & BRONSON COFFEE ROASTERS,
http://www.batdorfcoffee.com/index.php/about (last visited Mar. 19, 2014).





n220  Fair Trade Organic, THE ROASTERIE,
http://www.theroasterie.com/coffee/fair-trade-organic (last visited Mar. 19,
2014).





n221  Buying Practices, DOMA, http://domacoffee.com/learn/buying-practices (last
visited Mar. 19, 2014).





n222  About Organic Chocolate, ECOLE CHOCOLAT,
http://www.ecolechocolat.com/organic-fair-trade-chocolate.php (last visited Jan.
31, 2014).





n223  Katherine Loeck & Aubrey Vaughn, Chocolate! The Best of the Best Organic,
Fair Trade Chocolates, MOTHER EARTH NEWS (Feb. 26, 2009),
http://www.motherearthnews.com/real-food/chocolate-organic-fair-trade.aspx.





n224  DECARLO, supra note 36, at 79-80.





n225  For links to each of the members, with a short description of each
company's origins, mission, and operations, see Members, COOP. COFFEES,
http://www.coopcoffees.com/who/members-of-cc/members (last visited Jan. 31,
2014).





n226  Publicity sticker from Just Coffees, on file with the author. For a more
detailed flow chart showing the supply chain from farmer to consumer, see JUST
COFFEE COOP., supra note 73. This chart also breaks down where the funds go for
coffee that retails for between $ 9.00 USD and $ 13.00 USD per pound.





n227  Welcome to Cooperative Coffees, COOP. COFFEES, http://coopcoffees.com
(last visited Mar. 19, 2014).





n228  Jeronimo Pruijn, Small Producers Organizations at the Forefront of Fair
Trade, FAIR WORLD PROJECT,
http://fairworldproject.org/voices-of-fair-trade/small-producers-organizations-a
t-the-forefront-of-fair-trade (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n229  YUNUS, supra note 138, at x-xi.





n230  OIKOCREDIT, http://www.oikocredit.coop (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n231  Capacity Building Services for Our Farmers, BUKONZO JOINT COOP. UNION,
http://bukonzojointcoffee.com/what-we-do/financial-services (last visited Mar.
19, 2014).





n232  Community Partnerships, E. LANSING FOOD CO-OP,
http://elfco.coop/wp/our-community/community-partnerships (last visited Jan. 31,
2014).





n233  Fairtrade Access Fund to Provide Long-Term Loans to Smallholder Farmers,
GRAMEEN FOUND., (Apr. 24, 2012),
http://www.grameenfoundation.org/press-releases/fairtrade-access-fund-provide-lo
ng-term-loans-smallholder-farmers.





n234  Id.





n235  Id.





n236  See supra note 184 discussing AGAIG's innovative structure for loans and
payment of interest.





n237  See supra text accompanying notes 191-92 (describing how Michigan State
University students are partnering with AGAIG and Esperanza en Acci[#xF3]n to
fund additional micro-loans for producers that are part of each of those
organizations).





n238  Agrofine, EUROPEAN MICROFINANCE PLATFORM, http://www.e-mfp.eu/user/12
(last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n239  CERISE,
http://www.cerise-microfinance.org/spip.php?page=article&id_article=263 (last
visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n240  AGROFINE & CERISE, BUILDING PARTNERSHIPS BETWEEN FAIR TRADE AND RURAL
MICROFINANCE 9 (2007),
http://www.cerise-microfinance.org/IMG/pdf/Concept-note-CE-MF-En.pdf.





n241  See supra text accompanying notes 192-202.





n242  My indigenous friends of Ecuador who have helped me learn about Fair Trade
and microfinance initiatives have called me a "puente," meaning "bridge."





n243  See supra text accompanying notes 241-43 (describing how my research in
Guatemala and Ecuador with Fair Trade and Direct Trade groups has led to the
Spartan Global Development Fund's loans to producers served by those two
organizations).





n244  About Us, AIRBNB, https://www.airbnb.com/about/about-us (last visited Jan.
31, 2014).





n245  Thomas L. Friedman, Welcome to the "Sharing Economy", N.Y. TIMES, July 20,
2013,
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/21/opinion/sunday/friedman-welcome-to-the-sharing
-economy.html?pagewanted=all.





n246  Id.





n247  Trust, AIRBNB, https://www.airbnb.com/trust (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n248  Who We Are, COOP. COFFEES, http://www.coopcoffees.com/who (last visited
Jan. 31, 2014).





n249  About Us, TEN THOUSAND VILLAGES,
http://www.tenthousandvillages.com/about-us (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n250  Id.





n251  Meet the Artisans around the World, TEN THOUSAND VILLAGES,
http://www.tenthousandvillages.com/find-artisan (last visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n252  Products, supra note 174.





n253  For example, Just Coffee is in the process of converting from use of a
code on its package directing consumers to its website to use of a QR code.
Interview with Matt Earley, Co-Founder, Just Coffee, in Madison, Wis. (May 14,
2013).





n254  Sainsbury's Using QR Codes, RETAIL CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE (Feb. 27, 2012),
http://www.retailcustomerexperience.com/article/190948/Sainsbury-s-using-QR-code
s.





n255  Id.





n256  Paulette L. Stenzel, Professor, Michigan State Univ., Speech at the
Edgewood United Church of Christ Peace and Justice Discussion Series: Fair Trade
as the Practice of Ahimsa (Non-Violence) (Aug. 21, 2013).





n257  Unknown Commenter, Remarks at the Speech by Paulette L. Stenzel,
Professor, Michigan State Univ., at the Edgewood United Church of Christ Peace
and Justice Discussion Series: Fair Trade as the Practice of Ahimsa
(Non-Violence) (Aug. 21, 2013) (notes on file with author).





n258  Colleen Haight, The Problem with Fair Trade Coffee, STAN. SOC. INNOVATION
REV., Summer 2011,
http://www.ssireview.org/articles/entry/the_problem_with_fair_trade_coffee.





n259  US Fair Trade Certified Product Sales Surge, supra note 216, at 28.





n260  Oliver Nieburg, Hershey Stuns Critics with Commitment to Source 100%
Certified Cocoa by 2020, CONFECTIONARY NEWS (Oct. 4, 2012),
http://www.confectionerynews.com/Markets/Hershey-stuns-critics-with-commitment-t
osource-100-certified-cocoa-by-2020.





n261  Antonie Fountain, director of Stop the Traffik, observed, "I hadn't
expected them to do this. Until this year, Hershey seemed to be impervious to
public pressure. It's a good first step. The question is; how are they going to
do it?" Id.





n262  Anne D'Innocenzio, Shoppers Face Hurdles Finding Ethical Clothing,
ASSOCIATED PRESS (Apr. 30, 2013, 10:37 PM),
http://bigstory.ap.org/article/shoppers-face-hurdles-finding-ethical-clothing.





n263  Annie Leonard, How to Be More Than a Mindful Consumer, YES! (Aug. 22,
2013),
http://www.yesmagazine.org/issues/the-human-cost-of-stuff/annie-leonardmore-than
-a-mindful-consumer.





n264  North American Free Trade Agreement, Dec. 17, 1992, 32 I.L.M. 289 (1993).





n265  Doub Pibel & Katrina Rabeler, Infographic: Your Stuff's Not as Cheap as
You Think It Is, YES! (Aug. 1, 2013),
http://www.yesmagazine.org/issues/thehuman-cost-of-stuff/the-myth-of-cheap-stuff
.





n266  Leonard, supra note 263, at 18, 20.





n267  Id.





n268  Id.





n269  Stephanie Clifford, Some Retailers Say More About Their Clothing's Origins
, N.Y. TIMES, May 8, 2013,
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/09/business/global/fair-trade-movement-extends-to
-clothing.html?pagewanted=all.





n270  Id.; see also About, EVERLANE, https://www.everlane.com/about (last
visited Jan. 31, 2014).





n271  Emily Jane Fox, Shoppers Face Tough Choices over Bangladesh, CNN MONEY
(May 1, 2013, 9:23 AM),
http://money.cnn.com/2013/05/01/news/companies/bangladesh-garment-factory/index.
html.





n272  Id.





n273  See Fox, supra note 2.





n274  See Natalie Pompilio, The TPP Is Another Job-Killing Trade Deal--So Why
Are Both Parties Supporting It?, YES! (Aug. 28, 2013),
http://www.yesmagazine.org/issues/the-human-cost-of-stuff/tpp-is-another-job-kil
lingtrade-deal-so-why-are-both-parties-supporting-it?utm_source=ytw20130830&utm_
medium=email, for a discussion of the planned Trans-Pacific Partnership and the
likelihood that its implementation will hurt remaining small manufacturing
facilities in the United States.





n275  See Stenzel supra note 84, and Stenzel, supra note 81, for in-depth
discussions of the current status of Fair Trade, challenges it faces, and my
recommendations.





n276  Sligh, supra note 120.





n277  Stenzel, supra note 81, at 670-71.





n278  Can Organic Farming Feed Us All?, WORLD WATCH MAG., May/June 2006,
available at http://www.worldwatch.org/node/4060.





n279  Id.





n280  Christina Sarich, The Russians Prove Small Scale Organic Farming CAN Feed
the World, ALEX JONES' INFOWARS (May 30, 2013),
http://www.infowars.com/the-russians-prove-small-scale-organic-can-feed-the-worl
d.





n281  Otsego County is located in the Northern part of Michigan's lower
peninsula. The winters are long and the growing season is short.





n282  Interview with Ivan Witt, Co-Owner, Witt's Organic Garden, in Vanderbilt,
Mich. (Aug. 17-18, 2013) (notes on file with author).





n283  MARTINEZ ET AL., supra note 131, at iii.





n284  Consumer Understanding of Buying Local, supra note 134.





n285  Soutik Biswas, Crisis Hits India's Small Loans Industry, BBC NEWS (Dec.
21, 2010), http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-12035909.





n286  Id.





n287  Jesse Fishman, Microfinance--Is There a Solution?: A Survey on the Use of
MFIs to Alleviate Poverty in India, 40 DENV. J. INT'L L. & POL'Y 588, 609
(2012).





n288  Id. at 610.





n289  Id. at 612-13.





n290  Id. at 613-14.





n291  Interview with Ivan Witt, supra note 282.





n292  Sherri Welch, Eastern Market Gets $ 1 million Grant for Community Kitchen,
Renovations, CRAIN'S DETROIT BUS. (June 20, 2013, 1:20 PM),
http://www.crainsdetroit.com/article/20130613/NEWS/130619919/eastern-market-gets
-1-million-grant-for-community-kitchen-renovations.





n293  NADEAU, supra note 155, at 3.





n294  Id.





n295  See supra note 2 and accompanying text, for discussion of Bangladesh.





n296  Divine Story, DIVINE CHOCOLATE,
http://www.divinechocolate.com/us/about-us/divine-story (last visited Jan. 31,
2014).


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Moultrie Observer (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 18, 2013 Friday

USDA finalizes new microloan program

BYLINE: The Moultrie Observer, Ga.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 740 words


Jan. 18--WASHINGTON, D.C. -- ??Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced this
week a new microloan program from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
designed to help small and family operations, beginning and socially
disadvantaged farmers secure loans under $35,000. The new microloan program is
aimed at bolstering the progress of producers through their start-up years by
providing needed resources and helping to increase equity so that farmers may
eventually graduate to commercial credit and expand their operations. The
microloan program will also provide a less burdensome, more simplified
application process in comparison to traditional farm loans.

"I have met several small and beginning farmers, returning veterans and
disadvantaged producers interested in careers in farming who too often must rely
on credit cards or personal loans with high interest rates to finance their
start-up operations," said Vilsack."By further expanding access to credit to
those just starting to put down roots in farming, USDA continues to help grow a
new generation of farmers, while ensuring the strength of an American
agriculture sector that drives our economy, creates jobs, and provides the most
secure and affordable food supply in the world."

The new microloans, said Vilsack, represent how USDA continues to make
year-over-year gains in expanding credit opportunities for minority,
socially-disadvantaged and young and beginning farmers and ranchers across the
United States. The final rule establishing the microloan program will be
published in the Jan. 17 issue of the Federal Register.

Administered through USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) Operating Loan Program,
the new microloan program offers credit options and solutions to a variety of
producers. FSA has a long history of providing agricultural credit to the
nation's farmers and ranchers through its Operating Loan Program. In assessing
its programs, FSA evaluated the needs of smaller farm operations and any
unintended barriers to obtaining financing. For beginning farmers and ranchers,
for instance, the new microloan program offers a simplified loan application
process. In addition, for those who want to grow niche crops to sell directly to
ethnic markets and farmers markets, the microloan program offers a path to
obtain financing. For past FSA Rural Youth Loan recipients, the microloan
program provides a bridge to successfully transition to larger-scale operations.

Since 2009, USDA has made a record amount of farm loans through FSA--more than
128,000 loans totaling nearly $18 billion. USDA has increased the number of
loans to beginning farmers and ranchers from 11,000 loans in 2008 to 15,000
loans in 2011. More than 40 percent of USDA's farm loans now go to beginning
farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending to socially-disadvantaged
producers by nearly 50 percent since 2008.

Producers can apply for a maximum of $35,000 to pay for initial start-up
expenses such as hoop houses to extend the growing season, essential tools,
irrigation, delivery vehicles, and annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer,
utilities, land rents, marketing, and distribution expenses. As their financing
needs increase, applicants can apply for an operating loan up to the maximum
amount of $300,000 or obtain financing from a commercial lender under FSA's
Guaranteed Loan Program.

USDA farm loans can be used to purchase land, livestock, equipment, feed, seed,
and supplies, or be to construct buildings or make farm improvements. Small
farmers often rely on credit cards or personal loans, which carry high interest
rates and have less flexible payment schedules, to finance their operations.
Expanding access to credit, USDA's microloan will provide a simple and flexible
loan process for small operations.

Producers interested in applying for a microloan may contact their local Farm
Service Agency office.

The Obama Administration, with Agriculture Secretary Vilsack's leadership, has
worked tirelessly to strengthen rural America, maintain a strong farm safety
net, and create opportunities for America's farmers and ranchers. U.S.
agriculture is currently experiencing one of its most productive periods in
American history thanks to the productivity, resiliency, and resourcefulness of
our producers.

___ (c)2013 The Moultrie Observer (Moultrie, Ga.) Visit The Moultrie Observer
(Moultrie, Ga.) at www.moultrieobserver.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130118-GJ-USDA-finalizes-new-microloan-program-0118-20130118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GJ


                      Copyright 2013 The Moultrie Observer


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

USDA: More Microloans Issued in Areas With More Beginning and Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  In January 2013, USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) launched the Direct Farm
Operating Microloan program to better serve the credit needs of small farms,
beginning farmers, farmers from socially disadvantaged groups (women and
minorities), and veterans.





 These loans (up to $50,000) are designed to be more convenient and accessible
to groups not traditionally served through FSA's credit programs.



 Although any farmer can apply for a Microloan, FSA reserves 70 percent of its
funds for beginning farmers, women, and minorities.



 Correspondingly, FSA distributed more Microloans in regions with larger shares
of farmers belonging to these groups, and in regions with smaller average farm
size.



 Between 2013 and 2015, the number of Microloans increased each year in every
region except for the Pacific, where the number of loans first dipped then
rebounded above its 2013 level.



 ERS analysis found that the number of Microloans received by borrowers who were
new to FSA direct loans substantially surpassed the number of new borrowers who
received Microloan-sized traditional Direct Operating Loans (DOLs) in 2010-12,
the three years preceding the introduction of the Microloans program.



 This difference suggests that the Microloan program likely attracted new
borrowers who would not have received traditional DOLs if Microloans hadn't
existed.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

USDA: More Microloans Issued in Areas With More Beginning and Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  In January 2013, USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) launched the Direct Farm
Operating Microloan program to better serve the credit needs of small farms,
beginning farmers, farmers from socially disadvantaged groups (women and
minorities), and veterans.





 These loans (up to $50,000) are designed to be more convenient and accessible
to groups not traditionally served through FSA's credit programs.



 Although any farmer can apply for a Microloan, FSA reserves 70 percent of its
funds for beginning farmers, women, and minorities.



 Correspondingly, FSA distributed more Microloans in regions with larger shares
of farmers belonging to these groups, and in regions with smaller average farm
size.



 Between 2013 and 2015, the number of Microloans increased each year in every
region except for the Pacific, where the number of loans first dipped then
rebounded above its 2013 level.



 ERS analysis found that the number of Microloans received by borrowers who were
new to FSA direct loans substantially surpassed the number of new borrowers who
received Microloan-sized traditional Direct Operating Loans (DOLs) in 2010-12,
the three years preceding the introduction of the Microloans program.



 This difference suggests that the Microloan program likely attracted new
borrowers who would not have received traditional DOLs if Microloans hadn't
existed.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday

USDA: More Microloans Issued in Areas With More Beginning and Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



  In January 2013, USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) launched the Direct Farm
Operating Microloan program to better serve the credit needs of small farms,
beginning farmers, farmers from socially disadvantaged groups (women and
minorities), and veterans.





 These loans (up to $50,000) are designed to be more convenient and accessible
to groups not traditionally served through FSA's credit programs.



 Although any farmer can apply for a Microloan, FSA reserves 70 percent of its
funds for beginning farmers, women, and minorities.



 Correspondingly, FSA distributed more Microloans in regions with larger shares
of farmers belonging to these groups, and in regions with smaller average farm
size.



 Between 2013 and 2015, the number of Microloans increased each year in every
region except for the Pacific, where the number of loans first dipped then
rebounded above its 2013 level.



 ERS analysis found that the number of Microloans received by borrowers who were
new to FSA direct loans substantially surpassed the number of new borrowers who
received Microloan-sized traditional Direct Operating Loans (DOLs) in 2010-12,
the three years preceding the introduction of the Microloans program.



 This difference suggests that the Microloan program likely attracted new
borrowers who would not have received traditional DOLs if Microloans hadn't
existed.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Farm Loan Programs - Microloans and Borrower Training

LENGTH: 413  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is offering farm ownership microloans
, creating a new financing avenue for farmers to buy and improve property. These
microloans are especially helpful to beginning or underserved farmers, U.S.
veterans looking for a career in farming, and those who have small and mid-sized
farming operations.





 The microloan program, which celebrates its third anniversary this week, has
been hugely successful, providing more than 16,800 low-interest loans, totaling
over $373 million to producers across the country. Microloans have helped
farmers and ranchers with operating costs, such as feed, fertilizer, tools,
fencing, equipment, and living expenses since 2013. Seventy percent of loans
have gone to new farmers.



 Now, microloans will be available to also help with farm land and building
purchases, and soil and water conservation improvements. FSA designed the
expanded program to simplify the application process, expand eligibility
requirements and expedite smaller real estate loans to help farmers strengthen
their operations. Microloans provide up to $50,000 to qualified producers, and
can be issued to the applicant directly from the USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA).




 This microloan announcement is another USDA resource for America's farmers and
ranchers to utilize, especially as new and beginning farmers and ranchers look
for the assistance they need to get started. To learn more about the FSA
microloan program visit www.fsa.usda.gov/microloans, or contact your local FSA
office. To find your nearest office location, please visit
http://offices.usda.gov.



 Borrower Training

 Borrower training is available for all Farm Service Agency customers. This
training is required for all direct loan applicants, unless the applicant has a
waiver issued by the agency.



 Borrower training includes instruction in production and financial management.
The purpose is to help the applicant develop and improve skills that are
necessary to successfully operate a farm and build equity in the operation. It
aims to help the producer become financially successful. Borrower training is
provided, for a fee, by agency approved vendors. Contact your local FSA Farm
Loan Manager for a list of approved vendors.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             August 4, 2013 Sunday

Microloans for big ideas;
Small-scale financing seen as new option for small businesses in post-recession
times

BYLINE: David Bauerlein

SECTION: Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 832 words


Green Grease Biofuels Inc. envisions money to be made in collecting cooking oil
from Jacksonville homes for conversion into biofuels.

Other companies collect cooking oil from restaurants, but branching out with
curbside collection of grease used in residential kitchens isn't an easy concept
to pitch to bankers for a traditional loan.

So Green Grease Biofuels is seeking to grease its finances by turning to
microloans, which are smaller loans ranging from $500 to $50,000.

"Microloans are the lifeline of our company," said Charles Payne, managing
director of the company.

It's a form of financing that's becoming more accessible to Northeast Florida
businesses.

After the U.S. Small Business Administration signed a memorandum in 2012 with
the city of Jacksonville to promote microlending, the agency certified Accion
USA to do microlending throughout the state.

The Small Business Administration also certified the Black Business Investment
Fund, which is based in the Orlando area, to make microloans in Duval County.

Mayor Alvin Brown praised the Small Business Administration's microlending
initiative, saying "the very best ideas of today can become the storefronts,
services and job creators of tomorrow."

The city of Jacksonville plans to start its own multimillion dollar microlending
program for its Northwest Jacksonville Economic Development Fund, which targets
assistance to businesses in neighborhoods facing high poverty and unemployment
rates.

The goal is to roll out that program in late fall or early winter, spokesman
David DeCamp said.

Microloans come with above-average interest rates. Accion USA's interest rates
range from 8.99 percent to 15.99 percent, and the payback period is typically a
couple of years, said Fabiana Estrada, manager of Florida lending at an office
in Coral Gables.

Most loan recipients have been in business for one or two years, though Accion
has helped a lot of businesses that have been around 10 to 15 years, she said.
The loans might help a restaurant buy a new walk-in freezer, a home-based
business develop a website, or a truck driver purchase a rig.

Though Accion is willing to take some risks that banks don't, applicants have to
show they have an income stream, not just that they have an idea for starting a
business.

"There's no way that Accion can give you a loan unless you have a steady source
of income," Estrada said.

Despite the limited money in microloans, they do make a difference for
businesses, said Jackie Perry, executive director of Beaver Street Enterprises,
a nonprofit business incubator in Jacksonville. Beaver Street Enterprise Center
offers microloans up to $25,000 for its tenants and recently expanded
microlending to other businesses after Wells Fargo donated $50,000.

"I think they fill a very vital niche," Perry said. "The microloans have a
little more flexibility. They're very helpful, particularly for companies that
are just starting out."

She said the concept got renewed attention when banks put the brakes on lending
in the fallout of the Great Recession.

"That opened the door to looking at alternative ways of funding businesses, and
microloans became a catalyst for that," she said.

In terms of access to microloan programs, Jacksonville had been behind the curve
until recently, said Paul Arrington, certified business analyst with the Small
Business Development Center at the University of North Florida.

"Any form of access to capital is welcome these days," he said. "Now is a good
time if you're looking for a microloan in Jacksonville."

Green Grease Biofuels, which has incubator space at Beaver Street Enterprise
Center, obtained a $25,000 microloan from the center. The company plans to seek
another microloan from Accion.

Payne said the loans will finance the purchase of the plastic bins that
residents can put grease into for pickup by the company. Green Grease Biofuels
also will step up advertising, touting the environmental benefits of recycling
cooking oil rather than dumping grease down drains, in the ground or at
landfills.

There's no charge for residents to participate. The payoff comes when the grease
is sold as a feedstock for producing biofuels. That makes marketing crucial to
the company's business plan because the more cooking oil it collects, the more
it can sell.

"With this container, we can pretty much drill into everyone's kitchen," Payne
said while pointing to the recycling tub. "This is my oil platform right here."

David Bauerlein: (904) 359-4581

FINDING MICROLOANS

Here are some options for seeking microloans of up to $50,000.

ACCION USA

Website: www.accionusa.org/

Phone: (866) 245-0783

Coverage area: All of Florida

Loan amount: $500 to $50,000

BLACK BUSINESS INVESTMENT FUND

Website: www.bbif.com/

Phone: (407) 649-4780

Coverage area: Duval County and seven other Florida counties

Loan amount: $5,000 to $50,000

BEAVER STREET ENTERPRISE CENTER

Website: www.bsecenter.org/

Phone: (904) 265-4700

Coverage area: Preference given to businesses in Springfield and downtown

Loan amount: $500 to $25,000

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Bruce.Lipsky@jacksonville.com Charles Payne Jr. is trying to build his business,
Green Grease Biofuels, which collects cooking oil from homes for conversion into
biofuels with help from a microloan.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  April 25, 2004 Sunday Five Star Lift Edition

SBA MICROLOANS FACE EXTERMINATION IN BUSH BUDGET

BYLINE: David Nicklaus

SECTION: BUSINESS; David Nicklaus Column; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 642 words


TED SCAIFE NEEDED A TRAILER to expand his one-man towing and hauling business.
Marion Hayes needed tools to start an electrical-contracting company.

Tools and trailers cost money, and local banks turned the men away for solid
bankerly reasons: Scaife didn't have a credit history, and Hayes didn't have
enough collateral. Yet both were able to borrow the money, and they're on the
way to realizing their dreams.

The entrepreneurs are funding those dreams through the Small Business
Administration's microloan program, which was launched in 1992 to help the
tiniest of small businesses. In St. Louis and across the country, it has funded
day-care centers and lawn-care businesses that conventional lenders deem too
risky or simply too small to bother with.

But President George W. Bush's proposed budget for next year would kill the
microloan program. The SBA says it's inefficient, costing taxpayers 97 cents for
every $1 lent.

SBA spokesman Doug Heye said the program also was underused, making just 2,400
loans last year. The far larger Section 7(a) loan-guarantee program made 23,335
loans of less than $35,000, which is the limit for a microloan.

"We're absolutely committed to providing access to capital to the smallest of
small businesses, but we need to do that in the most responsible way possible,"
Heye said.

Many microloan borrowers, though, say they were turned down by banks, which make
most 7(a) loans. The 7(a) program has an average loan size of $167,900, compared
with just $11,250 for the microloans.

The microloans are made through nonprofit organizations, which say they can
reach borrowers who might not be used to dealing with a bank.

In St. Louis, microloans are made through Resources for Missouri Inc. and
Justine Peterson Housing and Reinvestment Corp. Galen Gondolfi, a senior loan
counselor at Peterson Housing, said a high-cost payday loan was the only
alternative for many of his clients.

His agency has made 134 loans in the last three years, with an average size of
just $6,325. Gondolfi can tell many of the stories: Several former welfare
recipients started day-care centers, an immigrant started a translation service
and a coffee shop needed $1,500 when its refrigerator broke.

"This is essentially what I thought American capitalism was built upon to begin
with," Gondolfi said.

Scaife started his company, Champion Road Service, with a pickup in 2002. Last
year, he borrowed $18,000 to buy a three-car trailer. He has repaid that
microloan and has taken out a second one, for $32,500, to buy a flatbed truck.
By building his business and establishing a credit history, Scaife hopes to
qualify for a larger loan that will enable him to buy a lot and a small office
as well as to hire a secretary.

Hayes, who founded BRK Electric in February 2003, has 11 employees. "There's no
way .. I could have been in business without the microloan," he said. "I needed
that $25,000 desperately. I didn't have any other sources to go to."

Bush's budget proposal might face a fight in Congress. Sen. Olympia Snowe,
R-Maine, who heads the Senate Small Business Committee, opposes eliminating the
microloan program. Sen. Christopher Bond, R-Mo., a member of the committee, also
is working to get the program reinstated.

Jerome Katz, a professor of management at St. Louis University, said eliminating
microloans would be an ironic move for the Bush administration. Overseas, U.S.
foreign-aid officials promote microloans as an important development tool.

"The one thing we're very confident of as a country is that as other nations
produce more entrepreneurs, they grow their middle class and that makes their
democratic institutions more secure," Katz said. "The irony is that we would
deny our country a program that we believe will make the world a better place."

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: E-mail: dnicklaus@post-dispatch.com/ Phone: 314-340-8213/ Radio report:
6:21 p.m. weekdays on KMOX (1120 AM)

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sacramento Bee

                              May 2, 2005, Monday

Small loans open doors

BYLINE: By Thuy-Doan Le

LENGTH: 1137 words



When Steve Cox went hunting for a loan to start up his stone and tile business a
year ago, he hit a wall.

Hampered by a personal bankruptcy in his past, the Auburn resident was
considered a risky loan candidate by most banks and lenders.

"We didn't have the greatest credit and nobody would take us on," said Cox, who
owns X-Stream Tile and Stone Supply with his wife, Wendy. "We were at a dead
end."

His business fortunes did a U-turn when he discovered the Sierra Economic
Development District, a nonprofit agency in Auburn that administers the U.S.
Small Business Administration's so-called "microloan" program.

Aimed at the smallest sliver of small business owners -- those who need only
small amounts of funding or whose wobbly credit histories make them unlikely
prospects -- the program provides not only cash but also monthly business
training and assistance.

But for small entrepreneurs like Cox, that opportunity may soon disappear. The
SBA's microloan program is slated to be eliminated, a casualty in the Bush
administration's proposed budget for 2005-06.

"We are still waiting for sure if Congress will put funding back into the
program," said Betty Riley, the president and chief executive officer of the
Sierra Economic Development District. "This program fills a financing gap for
startup businesses, especially in rural areas, who do not have the access to
capital."

Since 1999, the Sierra Economic Development District has doled out more than $ 1
million in microloans to 62 small businesses, said Diane Wood, Sierra's loan
program manager. The average loan is $ 17,417.

Sierra's program serves seven counties, including El Dorado, Placer, Sierra and
Nevada. In California, there are nine agencies statewide that offer similar SBA
microloan programs.

For Cox, who was able to take out a $ 20,000 loan payable over five years, it
was the booster shot he needed.

"I couldn't have had my business without it," he said. "It gave us the resources
to get the business on its feet. It gave us some working capital."

Microloans are aimed at small-business entrepreneurs who don't fit the typical
bank lender's profile -- the folks who have few other options to launch or
expand their fledgling business, according to Wood.

"The people we meet in this office would have nowhere else to go," she said.
"These loans give them an opportunity to improve their economic situation by
getting funding ... to start these businesses."

Although its recipients are considered high-risk, the office has had only two
loans go into default since 1999, a 3 percent default rate, according to Wood.
Borrowers pay anywhere from 12 percent to 15 percent interest.

With the fate of its microloan program in limbo, the SBA nationally is pushing
instead its flagship 7(a) loan program, which annually gives out thousands of
individual loans as large as $ 2 million each.

"The 7(a) is a lot more cost-effective than the microloan," said Mike Stamler,
SBA spokesman in Washington, D.C., because it pays for itself through lender
fees. Microloans cost the SBA more because they're fully funded and require
additional funding in grants to nonprofit agencies for business counseling and
to administer the loan program.

In other words, microloans are a very expensive way to reach a very few people,
Stamler said.

Last year, SBA granted 2,405 microloans, which are capped at $ 35,000 apiece, to
small businesses nationwide, compared to more than 24,000 similarly sized-loans
during the same period through its 7(a) loan program.

Many large banks don't handle microloans because the time spent putting together
a $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 loan can be costly. Some bankers say it takes about 30 to
40 hours to put a request together and, for a small loan amount, it's a
money-losing endeavor.

Ralph Barnett, the executive vice president of Bridge Bank in San Jose, which
has a branch in Rancho Cordova, doesn't handle microloans but says an
underserved part of the market will be lost if the microloan program is
eliminated.

"These lenders roll up their sleeves and work with their clients," said Barnett,
who also is the president of the Bay Area Association of Government Guaranteed
Lenders.

Meanwhile, the SBA is encouraging banks to lend smaller amounts in an effort to
reach the small-business community, said Jim O'Neal, director of the Sacramento
SBA office.

If microloans are eliminated by Congress, O'Neal conceded, the SBA will have "to
work harder to find solutions for these people."

One of those is Mina Reid, owner of Mina's Salon in Lincoln, who had a rough
time getting a loan for her hair salon. As a first-time business owner,
qualifying for a bank loan was difficult.

"I had to start out small," she said. "It's easier to ... not be overwhelmed
with trying to pay it off."

She took out a $ 35,000 microloan through the Sierra development center, which
also provided her with accounting and other business training.

"They made me cross all my T's and dot my I's, but I'm so glad for that," she
said. "They worked me hard, but they also guided me."

She said she paid the loan off in less than a year.

Linda Mason, co-owner of Drooling Dog BarBQ in Colfax, also paid off her
microloan of $ 20,000 within a few months. She's now expanding with a second
microloan to handle large catering jobs for her tri-tip steak and other
specialties.

"For us to succeed, we needed people to counsel us and help us," she said.
"There's no way they should cut this program because it really aids in economic
growth in any community."

It's the monthly technical assistance -- for bookkeeping, accounting and
marketing -- as well as the personal attention, that has helped business owners
like Cox feel successful.

"They checked to make sure we were going to be a good company, and they showed
us how to budget," he said. "We learned how to market our company. It's not just
a one-stop loan place."

On a recent workday, Laurie Van Groningen, a bookkeeper with Sierra Economic
Development District, came by the tile shop to teach the young business owners
how to run QuickBooks, an accounting software, on their company computer.

"It's great that they come here to help, because I have no clue when it comes to
bookkeeping," said Wendy. "They give people tools to fulfill their dreams. Not
everybody has perfect credit. I can never repay them for their help."



-----

To see more of The Sacramento Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sacbee.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Sacramento Bee, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SA-BIZ-LOAN-20050502

JOURNAL-CODE: SA

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2005 Sacramento Bee


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 15, 2010 Monday

Urbana Business Association to look at microlending program

BYLINE: Christine Des Garennes, The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 986 words


Feb. 15--Since not all entrepreneurs are independently wealthy or have the
credit history needed to be approved for a bank loan, and since racking up
credit card debt may not be the wisest option, how does an entrepreneur seek
financing?

For small businesses like the food vendor or the startup clothing shop that need
some help building inventory or buying equipment, microloans might be an option.

The Urbana Business Association has begun to consider how a microlending program
might be used locally to spur business development in the area.

Over a year ago, Susan Toalson, executive director of the association, read
about a microloan program in which people donated to a nonprofit organization
that loaned small amounts of money to entrepreneurs, such as a seamstress, in
developing countries.

"I found the whole model so interesting and empowering for a community," Toalson
said. And since then she has been reading more about microlending programs and
talking to business association members about how such a program might work in
Urbana.

A microloan could be as little as couple hundred dollars or up to $35,000. They
tend to be geared toward startup businesses, even one-employee or home-based
businesses, said Judith Roussel, the Illinois district director for the U.S.
Small Business Administration.

The SBA's microlending program has been around since 1992, but unlike the SBA's
other lending programs, federal dollars are appropriated directly to the SBA,
which then lends money to a microlender (in Illinois the SBA works with ACCION
in Chicago) and then the organization lends the money to the small business.

Microloans represent "a relatively small amount of funding as compared to the
(SBA's) bigger lending programs, but they absolutely have an impact on
communities. That's why we're interested in seeing an expansion of it here in
Illinois," Roussel said.

"I think a lot of people are excited about microcredit," said Ken Springer,
project and data analyst with the Economic Development Council of the
Bloomington-Normal Area. The council is in the final stages of approving its
first microloan as part of its new Micro-Enterprise Loan Fund, a program it
started about a year ago.

Microlending itself is not a novel idea, Springer said, but it's not as
widespread as other types of community development lending programs available to
businesses, he said.

"I believe there's a lot of talk about doing microloans (in U.S. communities)
because there's a need for that kind of lending," he said.

Microloans are good for businesses that may not have a bankable track record or
the owners' credit scores may not quite meet the requirements of the commercial
lending institution, Roussel said. Or a bank may not be willing to lend a small
amount of money if the business just needs to buy some supplies, for example.

What often happens is someone starts using credit cards.

"Our competition is not bank loans but credit cards," Springer said.

In Illinois, the SBA has seen microloans awarded to storefront retail shops,
such as clothing or jewelry stores, small restaurants, bakeries, day care
centers and more. Microloans also lend themselves very well to women and
minorities, Roussel said.

Microloans seem to be best for startups that require little or low capital,
Toalson said.

"We do talk to a lot of startups and ... it is hard for a startup business to
find financing," Springer said.

It might also be less intimidating for someone just starting out to approach a
local economic development organization or business association about financing
and education programs rather than a bank, said Marlene Mahon, an artist who
established Shared Space, a retail coop in downtown Urbana. She's making the
leap from being a Market at the Square vendor to running the retail shop.

In its first year, the Bloomington-Normal program has also generated interest
from local businesses seeking funding for their small expansions or, for
example, when they start to carry a new line of products.

Springer said the council does not have any specific requirements associated
with its loans. Roussel said an SBA microloan (the average SBA microloan is
around $13,000) can be spent on inventory, supplies and other items, but it
can't be used for real estate or to pay outstanding debt.

The SBA does requires the microlender, either itself or through partnerships
with other organizations, to offer assistance to the recipient, such as help
with a bookkeeping system or a marketing plan.

"The key is the organization providing hands-on technical assistance," she said.

The way Mahon sees it, if "Joe from down the block" contributes to a lending
program, he really wants that business to succeed. He'll support the local
business and he'll talk about the local business with other people. And the loan
recipient is likely to really want to succeed and pay the loan back as soon as
possible, Mahon said.

Just how an Urbana program would look and who would run it is not known yet.
Toalson described the current phase as a "fact-finding one." In the coming
months, she plans to meet with Springer and others in economic development in
the area.

"The biggest problem with any microlending is keeping costs down," Springer
said. It costs money to process a loan in the U.S., he said, to properly secure
it, to run credit checks by pulling credit reports, to review financials, file
paperwork.

"It's not cheap money," he said. "Still, it's not as expensive as (the
entrepreneurs) using their credit cards," he said.

To see more of The News-Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-gazette.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The News-Gazette,
Champaign-Urbana, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100215-CM-BIZ-MICROLOANS-20100215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2010 The News-Gazette


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Wirt County Journal (Elizabeth, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 10, 2012

Microloan programs can aid small businesses

BYLINE: Wirt County Journal staff

LENGTH: 950  words


If you have ever had a the dream of owning your own business, or if you already
own a business and want to add a new line of products, increase your inventory
or just need some working capital, a microloan program may be just what you
need.

Tim James, loan officer with First Microloan of West Virginia, now has a
satellite office in Wheeling to better service the increasing number of counties
being served in West Virginia.

First Microloan is a division of Washington County (PA) Council on Economic
Development, a non-profit organization dedicated to a mission of community
economic development.

The council was formed in 1989, as a public-private partnership, to address the
economic problems faced by Washington County, as the result of an exodus of
major industry which was once the region's lifeblood.

Early on, the council realized that a lack of access to capital by small
businesses was having a devastating effect on the region.

The council established the Washington County Gap Fund, its first loan program,
which began the task of securing funds for the creation of a lending pool for
business to startup or expand.

Today, the council has added the SBA Microloan Program, the USDA Intermediary
Revolving Loan Program, the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) Loan Program,
the U. S. Department of Treasury (CDFI) Loan Programs and the PADCED Loan
Program.

The council's service area includes Wirt and a number of other counties in West
Virginia as well as four counties in southwest Pennsylvania.

In 1994, the council became the first SBA Micro lender to cross state lines by
adding Monongalia County in West Virginia to its SBA Microloan service area.

West Virginia was one of only four states without a microloan program at that
time.

The council then expanded into Harrison County, and according to James, as of
November 2011, First Microloan of West Virginia is now serving 21 of the state's
55 counties.

Included in those counties are many in the Mid-Ohio Valley area including Wirt,
Calhoun, Doddridge, Gilmer, Pleasants, Ritchie Tyler, Wetzel and Wood.

"We have loaned $1.4 million in West Virginia and about $5 million in
Pennsylvania for small business start-ups and expansions, James explained. "We
have helped create over 3,100 jobs through these loans," he added.

Jones said that the amounts of the loans can range from $5,000-$50,000.

"We can also match loans with other companies or lending institutions and go as
high as $100, 000," he pointed out.

When asked what the loans can be used for, he said it was easier to say what
they cannot be used for.

"Basically, you cannot buy land or real estate with the money or refinance an
existing debt," he stated.

"Other than that, me money can be used as working capital, to purchase
inventory, buy equipment, anything allowed by the SBA guidelines," he explained.

Carolyn Jackson, executive director of the Mid-Ohio Valley Regional Council,
said her organization has a microloan program with a $35,000 maximum loan
amount.

"We have worked with First Microloan on some projects," Jackson pointed out.
"There are some types of loans we can't do and some they can't do.

"By working together, we can usually get a deal done for the small business
owner to acquire some of the loans they need for part of the project from us and
part from First Microloan, she said.

"Our interest rates are 3.25 percent. Their rate is a little higher because they
are run more like a lending institution. We are more like a government agency,"
she added.

James said that First Microloan's rates were also fixed and could be repaid over
a period ranging from one to six years; however, he acknowledged that the rates
vary depending on the business and the individual's credit rating.

There are four basic requirements to apply for a loan through the Microloan
Program: the application, which resembles most loan applications required by
lending institutions, a business plan, a credit check authorization form, and
your last three years' tax returns.

To apply for the new program, contact the Microloan Program Office, WCCED, 40 S.
Main Street, Lower level, Washington, PA 15301, call 724.225.8223 or e-mail
wcced@washingtoncountypa.org

James can be contacted directly at 304.6043560 or via e-mail at
tjames@firstmicroloanofwesrvirginia.org

To apply for the MOVRC's microloan program, contact Carolyn Jackson at
304.422.4993, Ext 122 or Diane Ludwig, executive director of the Little Kanawha
Area Development Corp. at 304.275.4231.

The State Development Office also has a hotline, according to Kristina J.
Oliver, state director for the Small Business Development Center.

"Our office does not provide loans, but what we do provide is the technical
assistance and can connect individuals looking to start or expand their business
with those who make the loans," she explained.

"The SBDC is focused on economic impact throughout the State and access to
capital is a critical component for business," she contmued.

"We work with many partners to help entrepreneurs and small businesses receive
the right help for their unique needs. We provide technical business coaching
and training and connects clients to the appropriate capital opportunity," she
added.

Oliver said her office has what is called a Three-step Jump program, and they
can also include information regarding the West Virginia Capital Access Program.

Information on the Three Step Jump Start Program can be found at
www.wvsbdc.org/jumpstart and the toll free number for the Business Ask Me Line
is 888.982.7232.

Oliver can also be reached at Kristina.j.01iver@wv.gov with questions about the
microloan programs in West Virginia or any of the other programs administered by
the West Virginia Small Business Development Center.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WRT

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Wirt County Journal


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               December 15, 2008

Microloan programs help small businesses with spotty credit

BYLINE: NANCY KAFFER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0011

LENGTH: 399 Words


Some small-business owners or startup companies may find trouble when seeking
financing from a mainstream source. It could be the result of blips on their
credit history or no established track record.

That's where microloan funds come in.

Part counseling service and part nontraditional lender, microloan programs fill
a niche, advocates say, underserved by mainstream lenders.

"We want to see small businesses grow," said Vanessa Rucker, director of the
two-year-old Detroit-based Small Business Detroit Microloan Program. "Right now
with the financial institutions, small businesses who have had lines of credit
or are struggling a little bit have not been able to go back to the banks. We
work with people who have had challenges to their credit."

The microloan program, Rucker said, will work with clients whose credit
histories include a discharged bankruptcy or a foreclosure that's in a payment
plan.

The microloan program reviews an applicant's credit history but doesn't make
decisions based solely on credit score, Rucker said.

The Detroit Micro-Enterprise Fund has a similar mission. In its first year of
operation, the fund has made seven loans worth about $100,000 from its $250,000
capital, said Executive Director Lorenzo Thurman.

"Our goal next year is to expand to $600,000 to $700,000" and make 20 to 24
loans in the core program, he said.

Rucker said the microloan program has made 17 loans this year at an average size
of $25,000. Its $3 million in funding comes from the city's Casino Business
Development Fund and the U.S. Small Business Administration.

Both the microloan and micro-enterprise programs have geographic requirements --
the microloan program is for Detroit-based businesses only, the micro-enterprise
fund lends to businesses in Detroit, Hamtramck and Highland Park. Both refer
applicants to counseling agencies that include the SBA's Service Corps of
Retired Executives or the Small Business and Technology Development Centers for
tips on writing a business plan or how to present information for a loan
application.

The microloan program holds weekly orientation sessions on the application
process and holds periodic industry-specific roundtables.

"We have several different agencies in the city that are willing to assist
people ... we have several agencies that small businesses didn't know they could
go to for assistance," Rucker said. "And they're free of charge."

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            January 22, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

USDA expands farming program

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 338 words


WASHINGTON - Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture will begin offering farm ownership microloans,
creating a new financing avenue for farmers to buy and improve property. These
microloans will be especially helpful to beginning or underserved farmers, U.S.
veterans looking for a career in farming, and those who have small and mid-sized
farming operations.

"Many producers, especially new and underserved farmers, tell us that access to
land is one of the biggest challenges they face in establishing and growing
their own farming operation," Harden said. "USDA is making it easier for new
farmers to hit the ground running and get access to the land that they need to
establish their farms or improve their property."

The microloan program, which celebrates its third anniversary this week, has
been hugely successful, providing more than 16,800 low-interest loans, totaling
over $373 million to producers across the country. Microloans have helped
farmers and ranchers with operating costs, such as feed, fertilizer, tools,
fencing, equipment, and living expenses since 2013. Seventy percent of loans
have gone to new farmers.

Now, microloans will be available to also help with farm land and building
purchases, and soil and water conservation improvements. FSA designed the
expanded program to simplify the application process, expand eligibility
requirements and expedite smaller real estate loans to help farmers strengthen
their operations. Microloans provide up to $50,000 to qualified producers, and
can be issued to the applicant directly from the USDA Farm Service Agency.

This microloan announcement is another USDA resource for America's farmers and
ranchers to utilize, especially as new and beginning farmers and ranchers look
for the assistance they need to get started. To learn more about the FSA
microloan program visit www.fsa.usda.gov/microloans, or contact your local FSA
office. To find your nearest office location, please visit
http://offices.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2016 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             March 27, 2005 Sunday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

SMALL PACKAGES;
NEED JUST A BIT OF MONEY? BUSINESSES CAN SIGN UP FOR A MICROLOAN

BYLINE: By Evan Pondel Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 742 words


Flippers and a snorkel weren't enough to help Don Kreuter kick-start his
land-and-sea photography business.

Having lived in the Caribbean for two decades, he returned to his native Long
Beach and soon realized his seaworthy legs didn't impress the loan officers who
were looking for watertight credit.

That's when he sought the advice of the Community Financial Resource Center,
which helped him secure a small-business loan that totaled just $500.

Known as a microloan, the product is opening doors for entrepreneurs who lack
stellar credit but need a little seed money to start a business or propel an
existing one. And while microloans have been around for several years,
California's treasurer is touting a home-grown program that he claims will keep
more businesses in the state.

The California Capital Access Program - responsible for helping people like
Kreuter secure capital - has financed nearly $1 billion since the program's
inception a decade ago. Of those loans, approximately $2.5 million fall into the
micro category, ranging between $500 and $40,000.

The popularity of CalCAP's microloans has grown nearly twentyfold in the last
five years, and economists say that's a function of a lackluster economy and
more attention by California State Treasurer Phil Angelides. The Treasurer's
Office is responsible for administering the program.

``It's been hugely successful,'' said Glenn Yago, director of capital studies
for the Milken Institute, a Santa Monica-based think tank. ``The program has
enabled businesses to survive, and if it wasn't around many wouldn't have been
able to open.''

Kreuter is all too familiar with the fragility of business these days. Because
of his stint in the Caribbean, it was difficult to establish his credit history,
making him an unlikely candidate for a traditional bank loan.

But the Community Financial Resource Center, a CalCAP microloan partner, isn't
bound by the same rules governing large banks. They don't access tax records and
credit scores to determine if someone is eligible for a loan, according to
Isabel Duran, a San Pedro-based manager for the CFRC.

CalCAP has partnered with approximately 10 of these nonprofit financial groups
throughout the state, each seeking to promote community development.

Often, lower-income communities are underserved by banking institutions because
of the financial risk associated with the population, Yago said. But CalCAP
mitigates the risk by contributing to loan-loss reserve pools at the CFRC and
several partner banks, essentially providing enough financial backing to reduce
the lenders' risk. The lender also benefits by establishing a business
relationship with an entrepreneur who could potentially drum up even more
business.

The default rate on CalCAP microloans ranges between 3 percent and 4 percent.
The industry standard is approximately 8 percent to 12 percent.

``This is a real model program, one that other states have followed. But the
program also deserves to be expanded in the state, and that can only be done by
bringing in more liquidity,'' said Yago, noting that Michigan, Kansas, New York
and Oregon have replicated the program.

The question is whether the interest rates on CalCAP microloans is worth the
borrowers' time. The rates vary from lender to lender, spanning 4.25 percent to
10 percent. Duran said even though the CFRC microloans don't reach the levels of
banks, the Los Angeles-based group does report borrowers' payment histories to
credit rating bureaus. ``And people can certainly look at banks for loan options
if their credit improves with us,'' she said.

Sal Perez, president of American Muscle Car in Ontario, is in the process of
repairing his credit history through a CalCAP-backed microloan. After filing for
bankruptcy protection, Perez said it was difficult to receive any kind of loan,
let alone a microloan.

But then a loan officer at Union Bank of California told him about the CalCAP
product. Perez filled out the necessary paper work and about six months ago he
received a loan for $10,000.

``It's not a lot and I could probably burn through the thing in a week, but it
has made me financially wiser with my money,'' Perez said.

Mario Gallo, a senior vice president of Small Business Services at Union Bank,
said borrowers have limits on what CalCAP loans can be used for, but ``it
certainly helps us manage a portfolio that we would not have normally been able
to fund.''

Evan Pondel, (818) 713-3662

evan.pondel@dailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, 2 boxes
 Photo: (color) Sal Perez, president of American Muscle Cars Inc. in Ontario,
got help through the state's microloan program, which aids small businesses.
Will Lester/Staff Photographer Box: (1) MICROLOANS MAGNIFIED (2) MICROLENDERS
Sources: California State Treasurer's Office/Community Financial Resource Center

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Digital First Media


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                July 2, 2004 Friday Five Star Late Lift Edition

Funding for startups could suffer a hit

BYLINE: SHERA DALIN Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1478 words


* SBA head says the programs aren't cost-effective for taxpayers. Even so, some
entrepreneurs could be shut out.

Funding for the most popular loans for business startups has been eliminated
from President George W. Bush's proposed budget, to the dismay of entrepreneurs
and some lenders.

The proposed fiscal 2005 budget would cut $79 million for the U.S. Small
Business Administration's popular 7(a) loan program, $26.5 million for
microloans and $15 million for technical assistance, such as basic business
training. It also would cut funds for the New Markets Venture Capital program,
the Women's Business Center and BusinessLINC technical assistance.

Lenders say microloans, capped at $35,000 each, are critical to launching small
companies and are particularly helpful to minorities and people with
disabilities, both of whom often can't qualify for conventional loans.

While the loan programs would still exist, they would be far less attractive to
lenders.

The budget proposes to raise the rates that businesses and banks pay for 7(a)
loans, which would make the program run at no cost to taxpayers, SBA spokesman
Mike Stamler said.

SBA Administrator Hector Barreto said the microloan program needed to be cut,
because it costs the agency 97 cents on every dollar it lends under the program.

"It's not very cost-effective for the taxpayer, and we don't think we are doing
a very good job with it," Barreto said during a recent appearance in St. Louis
at the Missouri Venture Forum.

Small borrowers still could access SBA-backed loans through the agency's 7(a)
program, he said.

The government guarantees 7(a) loans. By contrast, it provides funds for the
microloan program, which is administered by certified lenders.

But many entrepreneurs can't qualify for loans under the 7(a) program, said
officials at Resources for Missouri Inc. and Justine Petersen Housing &
Reinvestment Corp., the area's two microloan lenders. Thirty-eight entrepreneurs
borrowed an average of about $10,000 each in microloans over the last eight
months of the federal fiscal year, the SBA said.

Kimberly Liner, owner of Liner Insurance Consulting Inc. of Imperial, said she
probably would have been on public aid if she hadn't received a $1,300 microloan
through Justine Petersen. Liner's cancer is in remission, and she receives
disability payments. Because she tires easily, she cannot hold a traditional
job.

But her business, setting sales appointments for insurance agencies, enables her
to keep working and care for her 2-year-old son at home.

"(The microloan) was a blessing. I would not have been able to start without
it," Liner said. "I can be self-sufficient now."

Without the microloan that paid for a computer and other business equipment,
Liner figures she would have had to apply for welfare when her disability
payments ended.

"I didn't want to be that way," she said. "I wanted to work and be productive."

Morees and Luna Alyatim of Florissant bought Page Auto Sales in October 2002
with the help of a $20,000 microloan through Resources for Missouri. The
Palestinian couple, who emigrated from Bethlehem in 2000, couldn't get a
traditional bank loan because they had no credit history in the United States.

"I don't have money to start this," Morees Alyatim said. "Without this loan, I
can't do anything. It's very hard to start this business."

He works 17-hour days, between repairing cars and selling about 15 vehicles a
month from the 40-car lot. Last year, the business reported sales of $241,175
and a profit of $70,125, according to Resources for Missouri.

"Now, thanks (to) God, it's happening," Alyatim said. "A man who wants to work,
and he gets the money, he will do well."

Page Auto Sales has one employee, but Alyatim said he wants to open another car
lot in O'Fallon, Mo. For that, he estimates he will need about $100,000 and
another loan.

He and Liner are concerned that SBA loans may not be available in the future to
help expand their businesses and eventually hire employees.

Pulling the rug

Losing the Microloan Program especially would hurt entrepreneurs with
disabilities, said Mark Nolte, senior business consultant with the Abilities
Fund of Iowa City, Iowa. The nonprofit group helps people with disabilities get
training and obtain financing to start businesses.

"The rug is being pulled out from under them," Nolte said.

The unemployment rate for people with disabilities is high, and they typically
earn 72 cents for every dollar other workers make. That, combined with poor or
no credit, and incomes derived solely from Social Security payments elevates the
obstacles that many people with disabilities face getting financing.

Republican Sen. Christopher "Kit" Bond, a member of the Small Business and
Entrepreneurship Committee, is bucking the administration and pushing to restore
all the loan funding as well as other SBA program cuts.

"For some small businesses, these loan programs are their only hope to keep
their businesses alive," Bond said. "For our economy to grow and expand, we
cannot afford to jeopardize a program that provides much needed cash-flow to
small businesses. They are the backbone of our economy."

Two-thirds of microloan borrowers wouldn't meet the credit criteria of
commercial lenders, said New York Rep. Nydia Velazquez, the ranking Democrat on
the House Small Business Committee. The average microloan borrower has a credit
score of 600 out of 800 points, far below the 7(a) minimum of 700.

"I find it ironic that Hector Barreto claimed only a year ago that making small
loans was a priority -- and a year later, he wants to eliminate the only program
that does just that," Velazquez said.

The funding bill hasn't started moving through the Senate yet, but the House
Appropriations Committee approved it June 23.

The Association for Enterprise Opportunity, an advocacy group for the disabled,
is lobbying to restore the funding during the congressional budget process, said
Michelle Levy-Benitez, the group's manager of policy and research in Arlington,
Va.

"The most unbelievable claim is that mainstream banks will serve these clients.
That is absolutely not true," she said.

Earl Jones of St. Louis received three microloans, ranging from $1,000 to $2,500
each, to buy supplies to make his Uncle Earl's Barbecue Sauce.

Jones, a Vietnam-era veteran whose left arm is paralyzed from a stroke, sells
the sauce to supplement his disability payments.

Although he isn't pleased with the idea of the microloan program cuts, he said
he won't let it stop him.

"I like to cook," he said. "I'll find a way."

= = = = MOREES ALYATIM, Page Auto Sales

After struggling with the political situation in Palestine for years, Morees
Alyatim gave up his 17-year-old auto-repair shop and moved to St. Louis in 2000.

Shortly after arriving, Alyatim, 43, spotted Page Auto Sales and decided to buy
it. With counseling from the International Center and a $20,000 microloan,
Alyatim and his wife, Luna, bought the business in October 2002.

She handles administration, and he handles the rest. "I am mechanic. I am
salesman. I am worker," he said.

Despite the 17-hour workdays, Alyatim said he wants to open a car lot in
O'Fallon, Mo. He estimates that he'll need $100,000 to do that, much of it from
borrowing. "By now, I have good credit, and I'll be able to do it."

He also hopes that rumors of other car lots opening along his stretch of Page
Avenue are true. "If we get more dealers," he said, "we get more business."

= = = = EARL JONES, Uncle Earl's Barbecue Sauce

Jones, 56, of St. Louis, mixes up three varieties of his sauce. The tiny
business adds about $1,500 a year to his income, supplementing his disability
payments. Without a federal microloan, he would have difficulty buying jars,
labels and other supplies. Jones, who said he wouldn't qualify for a traditional
loan because he has no collateral, is concerned that the demise of the federal
microloan program will hurt other startups. "People aren't going to make money
and be entrepreneurs" without those loans, he said.

= = = = KIMBERLY LINER, Liner Insurance Consulting Inc.

Starting a business was less a choice for Liner than a necessity. Liner, 36, had
to leave her job as an insurance telemarketer to battle cancer. She receives
disability payments, but those eventually will run out. She decided to parlay
her background into a company, cold-calling businesses to set sales appointments
for insurance agents.

With a $1,300 microloan, she started the company in April at her home in
Imperial, and she's on target for $35,000 in revenue for her first year. She
plans to begin selling insurance policies eventually and to hire employees to
expand the business. For that, she would need another microloan, if they were
available.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: graphic and photo; (1) Color Photo by DAWN MAJORS / POST-DISPATCH -
MOREES ALYATIM Page Auto Sales (2) Post-Dispatch Graphic/chart - Small loans,
big impact Source: SBA

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 17, 2016 Sunday

Poor women in India become entrepreneurs via 'microloans' from Terre Haute men
helping their homeland

BYLINE: Mark Bennett, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1110 words


April 17--As Prodip Dutta and Sisir Dhar lived and worked in Terre Haute, they
often thought about poverty-stricken people back in their homeland of India.

For 28 years, Dutta served as a geology professor at Indiana State University.
Dhar, a physician, operated a nephrology practice. Their lives in Indiana
differed from those of the residents in the poor and remote villages around West
Bengal, the region of India where they grew up. The average Bengali earns the
equivalent of $1.50 a day.

"I come from an area that is poor," Dutta explained, but he wasn't aware of the
depth of that subcontinental nation's poverty until he traveled to its remotest
villages as a young geologist in India. "That was the time when I realized how
poor the Indians are."

Those memories lingered after Dutta immigrated to the United States in 1978,
settling in Terre Haute.

"The magnitude of the problem -- this was with me, in the back of my mind for
many, many years," Dutta said in an interview in Terre Haute last month,
alongside Dhar, who moved to the United States in 1972. "That consciousness I
had for a long, long time. And I came to this country, and almost every year I
went back [to India], and it became almost a kind of torture, leaving this
affluence and then going there and see that."

Then, nearly a decade ago, "We decided to do something about it," said Dutta,
now 81 years old.

As friends and fellow Indians living in Terre Haute, he and Dhar set up a bank
in their native country that offers "microloans" to women -- too poor to be
candidates for conventional banking loans -- as seed money to start a small
business. The loans average $80 to $100, and if paid back within one or two
years, a second loan double that size is possible. The fledgling entrepreneurs
are on their own after three years.

The payoff rate for the women's microloans nears 99 percent, according to the
Ramakrishna Mission in the West Bengal neighborhood of Narendrapur. The mission
serves, free of charge, as an administrator of the bank's microloan project, as
does the mission Bharat Sevashram Sangha at Kolkata (formally known as
Calcutta). Both missions are classified as non-governmental organizations. Monks
at the missions -- Swami Vasavananda at Ramakrishna and Swami Bishwatmanananda
at Bharat -- run the program.

Dutta and Dhar launched their effort seven years ago and continued even after
both retired from their professions. They modeled their bank after the Grameen
Bank, which made entrepreneurial microloans to the rural poor in Bangladesh,
earning the organization and its founder the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.
Likewise, the Terre Haute men donated the money for a microloan bank, arranged
with the mission monks to administer the process, and then "loaned to these
would-be entrepreneurs, middle-age women," Dutta explained.

"Within one year," he added, "we started seeing results."

Lives transformed

One woman received $170 and started a food stand, serving fried rice and fast
food. Within six months, she repaid the money and generated enough profits to
continue the business. Another woman began a mosquito-net business with $125. A
particularly industrious resident of the Burdwan District used her microloan to
produce puffed rice (packaged by her son) for nearby stores, start a stationery
store (run by her husband), and continue preparing lunches for construction
workers at a site nearby.

Others initiated vegetable gardens, after-school enrichment programs for kids,
embroidery and clothes-making businesses, and a mobile beauty shop. During the
past seven years, the bank's microloans have helped 2,500 people start a
livelihood.

For several reasons, Dutta and Dhar targeted women as the recipients.

"We have found that if we give the women the loan, it has more possibility of
success," Dhar said. In a male-dominated household structure, men could
unilaterally decide to use microloan money for other things. Instead, the women
-- through their role as the point person for the microloans -- gain stature in
the eyes of their husbands and families.

"We thought that if we give the money to the women, chances [are] the husband at
least will know they got the money through her, because of her, so she'll have
more respect in the family," Dhar said.

The concept battles poverty on the most local level, household by household. "I
felt that the women's condition has to be improved before any poverty can be
removed from the society," said Dhar, now 73.

Dhar and Dutta also decided loans would be more effective than merely handing
out charity money. "We felt that they'll be more independent, as far as we're
concerned," Dhar said, "and they will know when they have to return the money,
so that will give them more responsibility and keep them training for their own
businesses."

'They're businesswomen now'

The impact shows in the demeanor of the women. The donors journey back to India
every year or two to talk with the microloan recipients, see their small
businesses, and visit their homes and villages. On a trip to West Bengal early
this year, another retired ISU professor and friend, Dorothy Drummond,
accompanied the team and noticed a self-assurance in the women helped by the
loans.

"What absolutely amazed me, is that he would meet with the women and they would
look him in the eye and speak with confidence of what they were doing," Drummond
said. "These were the poor people, and these [men] were the donors coming from
America, but they had the confidence to speak up.

"They're businesswomen now," Drummond continued.

The results surprised Dutta "very much. I'll tell you this, three years back, I
went to that remotest of the remote villages, where the tribal people [live].
After talking to them, suddenly I realized, talking about their emancipation,
these women are liberated, not only providentially but also socially," he said.

He and Dhar will share the story at a gathering of the Terre Haute South Rotary
Club on April 28 at Westminster Village. (Breakfast costs $10 and begins at 7
a.m. Dutta and Dhar will speak at 7:30, and admission is free.) Their personal
connection to the project in India is clear in their words. "I got involved
because it was a very painful experience for me when I see this poverty in
India," Dutta said, "and I sensed that ... I had a duty to do something for
them, to get socially involved."

The fight against poverty isn't futile, he added. "This problem can be solved,
if there is a will."

Mark Bennett can be reached at 812-231-4377 or mark.bennett@tribstar.com

___ (c)2016 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160417-TX-Poor-women-in-India-become-entrepreneurs-via-microloans
-from-Terre-Haute-men-helping-their-homeland-0417-20160417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2016 The Tribune-Star


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: H.R. 2670, Microloan Modernization Act of 2015

LENGTH: 601 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Congressional Budget Office has issued the following news
release:



 Under current law, the Small Business Administration (SBA) operates a program
that makes loans and grants to eligible nonprofit entities (known as
intermediaries). Intermediaries use those funds to make small loans (microloans
that are less than $50,000) to newly-established or growing small businesses.
Participating intermediaries use grant funds from SBA to provide technical
assistance to small businesses receiving a microloan.





 H.R. 2670 would make a number of changes to the microloan program, including
raising the amount the SBA may commit to an intermediary, extending the maximum
term for repayment of the microloan to the intermediary, and authorizing
intermediaries to offer lines of credit as well as traditional loans. (A line of
credit allows a borrower to establish a maximum loan amount that the borrower
may draw down as the funds are required.) The act also would direct the
Government Accountability Office to conduct a study of intermediaries to
determine why some that may be eligible to participate in the program fail to do
so, and to recommend ways to increase participation in the program. Finally, the
SBA's Office of Advocacy would be directed to prepare an analysis of the effect
of new rules on small businesses eligible to participate in the microloan
program.



 Based on information from the SBA, CBO estimates that implementing H.R. 2670
would cost about $3 million over the 2016-2020 period, assuming appropriation of
the necessary amounts for monitoring, rulemaking, and reporting activities, as
well as for additional subsidy costs for the microloan program. Enacting H.R.
2670 would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as-you-go
procedures do not apply.



 CBO expects that provisions of the act that would allow intermediaries to offer
lines of credit as well as traditional loans would affect the subsidy rate for
the microloan program. The subsidy rate is the estimated long-term cost to the
government of a direct loan, calculated on a net-present-value basis, stated as
a percentage of the loan amount. (In fiscal year 2015, that estimated rate is
about 10 percent for the microloan program, which in recent years has provided
an average of about $30 million a year in loans.)



 Intermediaries depend on a steady stream of repayments from their borrowers to
repay the SBA. By allowing all participating intermediaries to offer lines of
credit, the steady stream of repayments generated by traditional loans to
micro-borrowers could become uneven, increasing the chance that the intermediary
would default on its loan from the SBA. Based on information from the agency,
CBO expects that the subsidy rate for the microloan program would increase only
slightly as a result of enacting H.R. 2670 because the default rate for the
program is a small fraction of the program's overall subsidy cost and because we
expect that a small portion of the intermediaries, the riskiest lenders, would
be adversely affected by such a change in cash flows. We estimate that
implementing this provision would raise the subsidy cost for such loans to about
11 percent, and would cost less than $500,000 per year. That additional cost is
included in the total estimated cost of the bill.



 H.R. 2670 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined
in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would not affect the budgets of state,
local, or tribal governments.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 31, 2013

New microloans expand farmers finance options

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 373  words


WHITEHALL - New and beginning farmers and ranchers in Wisconsin now have an
agricultural Microloan credit option to consider. As of January 15, 2013, the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency (FSA) will offer its
customers a Microloan designed to help farmers and ranchers with credit needs of
$35,000 or less. The loan features a streamlined application and a simplified
qualification process built to fit the needs of new and smaller producers.

"This innovative offering will be more customer-friendly than our larger, more
traditional loan programs," said Jim Hannula, Trempealeau County Director.
"Farms and ranches seeking a smaller loan for start-up or operational needs now
have a great new tool to consider."

"For those selling at Farmers' Markets or through community-supported
agriculture operations (CSAs), a Microloan might serve their needs perfectly,"
Hannula continued. "And the reduced paperwork associated with the new Microloan
will help expedite the process for everyone."

In 2012, the Farm Service Agency provided $389.9 million in farm loan assistance
to agricultural producers of all sizes in Wisconsin. That year, operating loans
accounted for the majority of the loans extended (1,286 operating loans), while
farm ownership loans were fewer (498 ownership loans). In 2012, emergency loans
were written for three producers in Wisconsin recovering from natural disasters.

"The interest rate of 1.25 percent on the new FSA Microloan is also a great
benefit for fanners and ranchers who are just starting out, in need of capital
and on a tight budget," according to Han nula. "Producers in every Wis consin
county can contact their nearest FSA office for details and to determine if they
qualify for a Microloan. The Microloan term can be up to seven years."

In response to tighter financial markets, the USD A has expanded the
availability of farm credit, helping farmers refinance loans across the U.S.
Since 2009. The USDA has provided more than 128,000 loans to family farmers
totaling more than $18 billion. Over 50 percent of the loans went to beginning
and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information on Microloans and other FSA programs, please contact your
local USDA service center.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Blair Press Taylor


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Need easy, accessible funding for your business? The North East Microloan Fund
provides small loans that make a big difference.

LENGTH: 713 words


Rivers Capital Partners, 'The Entrepreneurs' Fund Manager' have been investing
in growing businesses since 2010.

The fund management company was founded as a joint venture by Jonathan Gold,
John White and Peter Hiscocks with a vision to use their entrepreneurial
backgrounds to provide investment by entrepreneurs, for entrepreneurs.

Having invested £8.5m in 59 companies through the North East Angel Fund, Rivers
has now taken management of the £6.5m Finance for Business North East Microloan
Fund.

Their easy-to-access Microloans have already helped dozens of businesses secure
funding for their 'big ideas'.

Rivers are also dedicated to supporting the growth, success and innovation of
their existing portfolio of over 300 regional businesses.

The North East Microloan Fund is a valuable source of loan finance in the region
and can provide affordable credit for businesses even if they have been turned
down by traditional lenders.

The Microloan Fund's objective is to help take businesses to the next level by
removing the barriers to finance that can hold them back. Rivers aim to invest
over £2m in loans to small businesses in the North-East up until the end of
December 2015.

Simply put, the Fund provides:

STRAIGHTFORWARD loans between £1,000 and £25,000 AFFORDABLE credit for
businesses unable to access mainstream finance FAST: two weeks on average to
receive funds COMPETITIVE interest rate with no hidden fees EASY to access,
simple and hassle-free application process FREE training courses on managing
your money for growth.

The Fund is non-sector specific and Rivers has already invested in a wide range
of industries including digital creative, manufacturing, service businesses,
software and engineering. The finance can be used for anything from upgrading
office equipment, or training staff to buying new stock and machinery. Whatever
your business needs, these small loans can make a big difference.

Sweet Art Patisserie, a wholesale dessert company in Marske, is one company who
has recently received a Microloan to fund their big idea. Sweet Art Patisserie
specialises in manufacturing the finest handmade and bespoke desserts for large
hotels and restaurants in the region, including Middlesbrough Football Club and
York Racecourse.

David Wrigley, Director at Sweet Art Patisserie, has spent all his working life
as a passionate pastry chef for high class hotels. Inspired by artistic desserts
and equipped with a wealth of experience and connections, David and his wife saw
the opportunity in the North-East market to set up their own dessert company to
supply products to establishments in the local area.

The recent five-figure investment from the North East Microloan Fund will be
used to expand their product range to include ice-cream that compliments their
desserts. The management team saw the demand for quality ice-cream in their area
and so sought funding to buy the relevant equipment that would enable them to
start in-house manufacturing.

When asked what attracted them to the North East Microloan Fund, David
explained: "Rivers Capital were very interested in getting to know our business.
They wanted to help us and find the right path to grow."

Remarking on the process of getting the loan, he added: "The process was very
straightforward. All you needed was a good business plan and cash flow
forecasts, along with a good idea. "The whole experience was like sailing down a
meandering river. The whole process was a pleasure from start to finish."

Rivers Capital have launched a new website dedicated to the North East Microloan
Fund. Please visit www.riversloan.com today to discover all you need to know to
apply for Microloan funding.

Learn about the experiences of the Fund's portfolio with first-hand testimonials
detailing the businesses' experience with the Microloan Fund Investment Team and
see all of the upcoming workshops and courses available to you. Read all of the
press releases on the most recent Microloan investments to see how businesses
have benefited from the Fund and used the finance to help them grow.

To speak to a member of the investment team today please call 0191 230 6270 or
01642 903 902 or email info@riversloan.com Rivers Capital Partners Ltd is
authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA no: 519469).

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Expands Microloans to Help Farmers Purchase Farmland and
Improve Property

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Chellie Pingree has issued the following news
release:



 Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) will begin offering farm ownership microloans,
creating a new financing avenue for farmers to buy and improve property. These
microloans will be especially helpful to beginning or underserved farmers, U.S.
veterans looking for a career in farming, and those who have small and mid-sized
farming operations.





 "Many producers, especially new and underserved farmers, tell us that access to
land is one of the biggest challenges they face in establishing and growing
their own farming operation," said Harden. "USDA is making it easier for new
farmers to hit the ground running and get access to the land that they need to
establish their farms or improve their property."



 The microloan program, which celebrates its third anniversary this week, has
been hugely successful, providing more than 16,800 low-interest loans, totaling
over $373 million to producers across the country. Microloans have helped
farmers and ranchers with operating costs, such as feed, fertilizer, tools,
fencing, equipment, and living expenses since 2013. Seventy percent of loans
have gone to new farmers.



 Now, microloans will be available to also help with farm land and building
purchases, and soil and water conservation improvements. FSA designed the
expanded program to simplify the application process, expand eligibility
requirements and expedite smaller real estate loans to help farmers strengthen
their operations. Microloans provide up to $50,000 to qualified producers, and
can be issued to the applicant directly from the USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA).




 This microloan announcement is another USDA resource for America's farmers and
ranchers to utilize, especially as new and beginning farmers and ranchers look
for the assistance they need to get started.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Clarendon Enterprise (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 31, 2013

Microloans expand small farm options

BYLINE: The Clarendon Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 371  words


Donley County USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) Farm Loan Officer Debbie Roberts,
announced that beginning farmers and ranchers in Texas now have a new Microloan
credit option to consider.

On January 17, FSA started offering Microloans which are designed to help
farmers and ranchers with credit needs of $35,000 or less. The loan features a
streamlined application process built to fit the needs of beginning and the
smallest of family farmers and ranchers.

"The microloan application process is simpler and requires less paperwork than
traditional operating loans," said Roberts. "This loan program will also be
useful to specialty crop producers and operators of community supported
agriculture," she said.

In 2012, the Farm Service Agency provided $196.4 million in farm loan assistance
to agricultural producers of all sizes in Texas. That year, operating loans
accounted for the majority of the loans extended totaling $129.4 million, while
farm ownership loans totaled more than $61 million. In 2012, $5.7 million in
emergency loans were made to producers in Texas recovering from natural
disasters.

"The current interest rate for Microloans is 1.25 percent and the maximum term
for microloans is seven years," according to Roberts. "Producers can contact
their local FSA farm loan office for details about the Microloan Program."

Microloans can be used to pay for initial start-up expenses such as hoop houses
to extend the growing season, essential tools, irrigation, delivery vehicles and
annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, land rents and marketing
and distribution expenses. As financing needs increase, applicants can apply for
an operating loan up to the maximum amount of $300,000 or obtain financing from
a commercial lender under FSA's Guaranteed Loan Program.

In response to tighter financial markets, USDA has expanded the availability of
farm credit, helping farmers obtain loans across the U.S. Since 2009, USDA has
provided more than 128,000 loans to family farmers totaling more than $18
billion. In Texas, more than 70 percent of the loans went to beginning and
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For information on Microloans, contact The Donley County USDA service center at
806-874-3561.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CLR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Clarendon Enterprise


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: H.R. 2670, Microloan Modernization Act of 2015

LENGTH: 700 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Congressional Budget Office has issued the following news
release:



 Under current law, the Small Business Administration (SBA) operates a program
that makes loans and grants to eligible nonprofit entities (known as
intermediaries). Intermediaries use those funds to make small loans (microloans
that are less than $50,000) to newly-established or growing small businesses.
Participating intermediaries use grant funds from SBA to provide technical
assistance to small businesses receiving a microloan.





 H.R. 2670 would make a number of changes to the microloan program, including
raising the amount the SBA may commit to an intermediary, extending the maximum
term for repayment of the microloan to the intermediary, and authorizing
intermediaries to offer lines of credit as well as traditional loans. (A line of
credit allows a borrower to establish a maximum loan amount that the borrower
may draw down as the funds are required.) The act also would direct the
Government Accountability Office to conduct a study of intermediaries to
determine why some that may be eligible to participate in the program fail to do
so, and to recommend ways to increase participation in the program. Finally, the
SBA's Office of Advocacy would be directed to prepare an analysis of the effect
of new rules on small businesses eligible to participate in the microloan
program.



 Based on information from the SBA, CBO estimates that implementing H.R. 2670
would cost about $3 million over the 2016-2020 period, assuming appropriation of
the necessary amounts for monitoring, rulemaking, and reporting activities, as
well as for additional subsidy costs for the microloan program. Enacting H.R.
2670 would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as-you-go
procedures do not apply.



 CBO expects that provisions of the act that would allow intermediaries to offer
lines of credit as well as traditional loans would affect the subsidy rate for
the microloan program. The subsidy rate is the estimated long-term cost to the
government of a direct loan, calculated on a net-present-value basis, stated as
a percentage of the loan amount. (In fiscal year 2015, that estimated rate is
about 10 percent for the microloan program, which in recent years has provided
an average of about $30 million a year in loans.)



 Intermediaries depend on a steady stream of repayments from their borrowers to
repay the SBA. By allowing all participating intermediaries to offer lines of
credit, the steady stream of repayments generated by traditional loans to
micro-borrowers could become uneven, increasing the chance that the intermediary
would default on its loan from the SBA. Based on information from the agency,
CBO expects that the subsidy rate for the microloan program would increase only
slightly as a result of enacting H.R. 2670 because the default rate for the
program is a small fraction of the program's overall subsidy cost and because we
expect that a small portion of the intermediaries, the riskiest lenders, would
be adversely affected by such a change in cash flows. We estimate that
implementing this provision would raise the subsidy cost for such loans to about
11 percent, and would cost less than $500,000 per year. That additional cost is
included in the total estimated cost of the bill.



 H.R. 2670 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined
in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would not affect the budgets of state,
local, or tribal governments.



 The House passed version of the H.R. 2670 is identical to the revised version
of H.R. 2670, as ordered reported by the Committee on Small Business on July 13,
2015. That version was revised because CBO received new information from SBA
about higher subsidy costs for the microloan program stemming from the new
authority for intermediaries to offer lines of credit. Those additional costs
would raise the total cost of implementing the bill from $2 million over the
2016-2020 period to $3 million over the same period; such spending would be
subject to appropriation of the necessary amounts.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: USDA Expands Microloans to Help Farmers Purchase Farmland and
Improve Property

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is offering farm ownership microloans
, creating a new financing avenue for farmers to buy and improve property. These
microloans are especially helpful to beginning or underserved farmers, U.S.
veterans looking for a career in farming, and those who have small and mid-sized
farming operations.





 The microloan program has been hugely successful, providing more than 16,800
low-interest loans, totaling over $373 million to producers across the country.
Microloans have helped farmers and ranchers with operating costs, such as feed,
fertilizer, tools, fencing, equipment, and living expenses since 2013. Seventy
percent of loans have gone to new farmers.



 Now, microloans will be available to also help with farm land and building
purchases, and soil and water conservation improvements. FSA designed the
expanded program to simplify the application process, expand eligibility
requirements and expedite smaller real estate loans to help farmers strengthen
their operations. Microloans provide up to $50,000 to qualified producers, and
can be issued to the applicant directly from the USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA).






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Expands Microloans to Help Farmers Purchase Farmland and
Improve Property

LENGTH: 242  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is offering farm ownership microloans
, creating a new financing avenue for farmers to buy and improve property. These
microloans are especially helpful to beginning or underserved farmers, U.S.
veterans looking for a career in farming, and those who have small and mid-sized
farming operations.





 The microloan program, which celebrates its third anniversary this week, has
been hugely successful, providing more than 16,800 low-interest loans, totaling
over $373 million to producers across the country. Microloans have helped
farmers and ranchers with operating costs, such as feed, fertilizer, tools,
fencing, equipment, and living expenses since 2013. Seventy percent of loans
have gone to new farmers.



 Now, microloans will be available to also help with farm land and building
purchases, and soil and water conservation improvements. FSA designed the
expanded program to simplify the application process, expand eligibility
requirements and expedite smaller real estate loans to help farmers strengthen
their operations. Microloans provide up to $50,000 to qualified producers, and
can be issued to the applicant directly from the USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA).




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Expands Microloans to Help Farmers Purchase Farmland and
Improve Property

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) will begin offering farm ownership
microloans, creating a new financing avenue for farmers to buy and improve
property. These microloans will be especially helpful to beginning or
underserved farmers, U.S. veterans looking for a career in farming, and those
who have small and mid-sized farming operations.





 The microloan program, which celebrates its third anniversary this week, has
been hugely successful, providing more than 16,800 low-interest loans, totaling
over $373 million to producers across the country. Microloans have helped
farmers and ranchers with operating costs, such as feed, fertilizer, tools,
fencing, equipment, and living expenses since 2013. Seventy percent of loans
have gone to new farmers.



 Now, microloans will be available to also help with farm land and building
purchases, and soil and water conservation improvements. FSA designed the
expanded program to simplify the application process, expand eligibility
requirements and expedite smaller real estate loans to help farmers strengthen
their operations. Microloans provide up to $50,000 to qualified producers, and
can be issued to the applicant directly from the USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA).






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 31, 2009 Monday

Stimulus helps garner additional money for microloans

BYLINE: Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 218 words


Aug. 31--The U.S. Small Business Administration is tapping into additional
funding for its microloan program through the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act.

The stimulus package is providing an additional $50 million for loans and $24
million for technical assistance on top of the $20 million for each provided
through the regular 2009 budget. With more money, SBA is seeking additional
lenders and entrepreneurs to use the microloans.

SBA's Microloan Program gives microlenders up to $3.5 million in low-cost loans
to finance their small-business lending. Microlenders use the SBA money to
provide entrepreneurs up to $35,000 in loans, which can be used for working
capital and acquisition of materials, supplies, furniture, fixtures and
equipment.

For more information, visit the SBA Web site at:
www.sba.gov/services/financialassistance/sbaloantopics/microloans/index.html.

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.watertowndailytimes.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Watertown Daily
Times, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090831-WE-MICROLOANS-STIMULUS-20090831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2009 Watertown Daily Times


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Expands Microloans to Help Farmers Purchase Farmland and
Improve Property

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 Producers, Including Beginning and Underserved Farmers, Have a New Option to
Gain Access to Land



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is offering farm ownership microloans
, creating a new financing avenue for farmers to buy and improve property. These
microloans are especially helpful to beginning or underserved farmers, U.S.
veterans looking for a career in farming, and those who have small and mid-sized
farming operations.





 The microloan program, which celebrates its third anniversary this week, has
been hugely successful, providing more than 16,800 low-interest loans, totaling
over $373 million to producers across the country. Microloans have helped
farmers and ranchers with operating costs, such as feed, fertilizer, tools,
fencing, equipment, and living expenses since 2013. Seventy percent of loans
have gone to new farmers.



 Now, microloans will be available to also help with farm land and building
purchases, and soil and water conservation improvements. FSA designed the
expanded program to simplify the application process, expand eligibility
requirements and expedite smaller real estate loans to help farmers strengthen
their operations. Microloans provide up to $50,000 to qualified producers, and
can be issued to the applicant directly from the USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA).




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Expands Microloans to Help Farmers Purchase Farmland and
Improve Property

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 Producers, Including Beginning and Underserved Farmers, Have a New Option to
Gain Access to Land



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is offering farm ownership microloans
, creating a new financing avenue for farmers to buy and improve property. These
microloans are especially helpful to beginning or underserved farmers, U.S.
veterans looking for a career in farming, and those who have small and mid-sized
farming operations.





 The microloan program, which celebrates its third anniversary this week, has
been hugely successful, providing more than 16,800 low-interest loans, totaling
over $373 million to producers across the country. Microloans have helped
farmers and ranchers with operating costs, such as feed, fertilizer, tools,
fencing, equipment, and living expenses since 2013. Seventy percent of loans
have gone to new farmers.



 Now, microloans will be available to also help with farm land and building
purchases, and soil and water conservation improvements. FSA designed the
expanded program to simplify the application process, expand eligibility
requirements and expedite smaller real estate loans to help farmers strengthen
their operations. Microloans provide up to $50,000 to qualified producers, and
can be issued to the applicant directly from the USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA).




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: SBA and Grameen America Partner to Provide Microloans for
Entrepreneurs

LENGTH: 699  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) and Grameen America, Inc., a
leading nonprofit microfinance organization, today announced a renewed
partnership to extend a capital pipeline to underserved American entrepreneurs.
Effective immediately, Grameen America will join SBA's Microloan Program as an
intermediary lender recipient of $2.5 million.





 In making the announcement, SBA Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet said: "Our
microloan program delivers essential financing to entrepreneurs and small
business owners, especially women, low-income individuals, minorities,
immigrants, and veterans.  While the dollar amount of these loans may be
considered micro, the impact they have on real people is enormous. I am
delighted to partner with Grameen America - one of the nation's largest and most
impactful microlenders - to expand access to capital under SBA's Microloan
Program."



 With support from SBA, Grameen America will launch the Business Expansion Loan.
Starting at $7,500, this loan product will assist those Grameen America
borrowers who have grown their enterprises to a point where they need greater
lines of credit to continue to expand, build and formalize successful
businesses. This also advances Grameen America's mission to reduce barriers to
entrepreneurship for low-income women and to support small business growth among
underserved communities. To date, Grameen America has disbursed $480 million to
more than 75,000 low-income women entrepreneurs in 11 cities across the United
States.



 Andrea Jung, President and CEO of Grameen America, said: "We are thrilled to
join SBA's Microloan Program to ensure that our network of low-income women
entrepreneurs is equipped with the financial tools and support they need to
bring their small businesses to the next level. This is the perfect example of
an effective partnership that empowers women to create jobs and become economic
engines in their communities."



 Contreras-Sweet added: "SBA has taken important steps to scale up our national
commitment to small and underserved business communities, whether through My
Brother's Keeper, Re-entry-preneurship, or our expansion of microlending. These
efforts have opened doors to entrepreneurship, capital, and other business
opportunities for underserved communities. As a leading innovator in the
microlending space, Grameen America is a perfect match for this effort. They
have proven their commitment to efficiently deliver the credit and technical
assistance that even the smallest of small businesses need to succeed."



 In fiscal year 2015, SBA microloan intermediaries made 3,704 microloans for a
total of $52 million.  Almost 85 percent of those loans went to minority small
business owners. One year ago, SBA issued a new rule that allows individuals
currently on probation or parole to be eligible for an SBA small business
microloan.



 About the U.S. Small Business Administration



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) was created in 1953 and since
January 13, 2012 has served as a Cabinet-level agency of the federal government
to aid, counsel, assist and protect the interests of small business concerns, to
preserve free competitive enterprise and to maintain and strengthen the overall
economy of our nation.  The SBA helps Americans start, build and grow
businesses.  Through an extensive network of field offices and partnerships with
public and private organizations, the SBA delivers its services to people
throughout the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam.
www.sba.gov



 About The SBA Microloan Program



 The SBA's Microloan program is designed to assist women, low-income, veteran,
minority entrepreneurs and small business owners, and other individuals who have
the capability to successfully operate a business, by providing them small-scale
loans, up to $50,000, for working capital or the acquisition of materials,
supplies, or equipment.  Microloans cannot be used to repay other debts or
purchase real estate.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday

Bank of America Awards First Round of Grants to Nonprofit Community Lenders for
Microloans to Small Businesses

LENGTH: 1105  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 07 -- Bank of America today announced it has provided 40 grants
totaling more than $3.7 million to Community Development Financial Institutions
(CDFIs) and other nonprofit lenders that will enable them to access federal
microloan programs. Bank of America recently began awarding $10 million in
grants to nonprofit lenders for use as loan loss reserves, which could unlock as
much as $100 million in low-cost, long-term capital for small business
microloans nationwide over the next 12 months.

In the six weeks the grants have been available, CDFIs have used the funds to
access nearly $27.5 million in microloan and other lending capital from the U.S.
Small Business Administration (SBA) and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA),
leveraging the original grant amounts by a more than a factor of seven. With
this new capital, CDFIs expect to make 2,000 new microloans to small businesses
and start-ups, serving 2,400 companies through lending and technical assistance.
CDFIs expect this initial round of grants and federal capital will help retain
or create nearly 4,000 jobs in local communities across the nation, which is
critical to the economic recovery.

As the nation's largest CDFI lender, Bank of America recognized the need to
immediately supply grants to nonprofit lenders for use as loan loss reserves to
access SBA microloan capital before September 30, the end of the federal fiscal
budget year. Federal funds for small business microloans have gone unused in
past years due to CDFIs not having the loan loss reserves required - up to 15
percent of the amount borrowed depending on the program - to obtain the capital.
Bank of America's loan loss reserve grants will continue to be available through
December 2011 to help CDFIs access SBA and USDA funds over the next fiscal
cycles.

Originally announcing the initiative at the National Urban League Centennial
conference this past July, David Darnell, president of Bank of America Global
Commercial Banking said, "Helping strengthen small businesses and new start-up
companies stimulates job creation and is critical to our nation's economic
recovery. Now is the time to be innovative and pursue every resource that helps
small businesses grow.

"Bank of America is helping set opportunity in motion by directing private
sector capital to unlock exponentially greater amounts of federal dollars for
their businesses. We plan to fund as much as we can in the first 12 months,
which we estimate will create up to 8,000 jobs total. Even the smallest grant
enables a nonprofit lender to leverage an average of 10 times that amount to
lend to small businesses, which creates a ripple effect on job growth, spending
and overall economic expansion."

Gina Harman, president and CEO, ACCION USA, said, "Simply put, Bank of America
gets it. Their efforts to support SBA microlenders with this innovative and
timely program are just what we need to extend our efforts to support the
nation's smallest of businesses.

"The grants preserve precious operating funds microlenders need to be effective
- funds that otherwise would have been redirected as reserves for several years.
The grants also ensure access to additional SBA loan financing, long-term
capital that can be lent over time to new entrepreneurs. Microlenders, with the
support of partners like SBA and Bank of America, are playing a key role in
creating and retaining jobs by directly supporting thousands of small businesses
across the country."

The first grant recipients serve small businesses in urban and rural communities
in 17 states across the country. The grants have enabled the lenders to not only
access low-cost loan capital but also expand their lending programs into new
communities. Early results include:

* New York - six nonprofit lenders have used $900,000 in Bank of America grants
to leverage $5.5 million in SBA microloan and 7(a) capital and USDA capital,
helping to retain or create an estimated 1,212 local jobs.

* California - nine nonprofit lenders have used $790,000 in Bank of America
grants to leverage $5.6 million in SBA microloan capital, helping to retain or
create 713 local jobs.

* Minnesota - two nonprofit lenders have used $187,500 in Bank of America grants
to leverage $1.25 million in SBA microloan capital, helping to retain or create
270 local jobs.

* Kentucky - two nonprofit lenders have used $191,100 in Bank of America grants
to leverage $1.274 million in SBA microloan capital, helping to retain or create
75 local jobs.

The average SBA microloan size is $13,000 per business.Through these programs,
CDFIs can borrow for 10 to 20 years at rates less than two percent - twice as
long and half the cost of other CDFI lending programs currently available.
Currently more than 175 nonprofit lenders participate in these programs.

Bank of America is the nation's largest investor into CDFIs, with more than $1
billion in loans and investment to 120 CDFIs in 37 states. This work with CDFIs
is part of the company's broad support for small businesses, which includes a
pledge to increase lending to small and medium-sized businesses by $5 billion in
2010. In the first half of this year, Bank of America has provided $45.4 billion
to small and medium-sized companies.

Bank of America

Bank of America is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving
individual consumers, small- and middle-market businesses and large corporations
with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial
and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched
convenience in the United States, serving approximately 57 million consumer and
small business relationships with 5,900 retail banking offices, more than 18,000
ATMs and award-winning online banking with 29 million active users. Bank of
America is among the world's leading wealth management companies and is a global
leader in corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of
asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals
around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to
approximately 4 million small business owners through a suite of innovative,
easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through
operations in more than 40 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE:
BAC) is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and is listed on the New
York Stock Exchange Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right
Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           October 6, 2010 Wednesday

Bank of America Awards First Round of Grants to Nonprofit Community Lenders for
Microloans to Small Businesses

LENGTH: 1105  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 06 -- Bank of America today announced it has provided 40 grants
totaling more than $3.7 million to Community Development Financial Institutions
(CDFIs) and other nonprofit lenders that will enable them to access federal
microloan programs. Bank of America recently began awarding $10 million in
grants to nonprofit lenders for use as loan loss reserves, which could unlock as
much as $100 million in low-cost, long-term capital for small business
microloans nationwide over the next 12 months.

In the six weeks the grants have been available, CDFIs have used the funds to
access nearly $27.5 million in microloan and other lending capital from the U.S.
Small Business Administration (SBA) and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA),
leveraging the original grant amounts by a more than a factor of seven. With
this new capital, CDFIs expect to make 2,000 new microloans to small businesses
and start-ups, serving 2,400 companies through lending and technical assistance.
CDFIs expect this initial round of grants and federal capital will help retain
or create nearly 4,000 jobs in local communities across the nation, which is
critical to the economic recovery.

As the nation's largest CDFI lender, Bank of America recognized the need to
immediately supply grants to nonprofit lenders for use as loan loss reserves to
access SBA microloan capital before September 30, the end of the federal fiscal
budget year. Federal funds for small business microloans have gone unused in
past years due to CDFIs not having the loan loss reserves required - up to 15
percent of the amount borrowed depending on the program - to obtain the capital.
Bank of America's loan loss reserve grants will continue to be available through
December 2011 to help CDFIs access SBA and USDA funds over the next fiscal
cycles.

Originally announcing the initiative at the National Urban League Centennial
conference this past July, David Darnell, president of Bank of America Global
Commercial Banking said, "Helping strengthen small businesses and new start-up
companies stimulates job creation and is critical to our nation's economic
recovery. Now is the time to be innovative and pursue every resource that helps
small businesses grow.

"Bank of America is helping set opportunity in motion by directing private
sector capital to unlock exponentially greater amounts of federal dollars for
their businesses. We plan to fund as much as we can in the first 12 months,
which we estimate will create up to 8,000 jobs total. Even the smallest grant
enables a nonprofit lender to leverage an average of 10 times that amount to
lend to small businesses, which creates a ripple effect on job growth, spending
and overall economic expansion."

Gina Harman, president and CEO, ACCION USA, said, "Simply put, Bank of America
gets it. Their efforts to support SBA microlenders with this innovative and
timely program are just what we need to extend our efforts to support the
nation's smallest of businesses.

"The grants preserve precious operating funds microlenders need to be effective
- funds that otherwise would have been redirected as reserves for several years.
The grants also ensure access to additional SBA loan financing, long-term
capital that can be lent over time to new entrepreneurs. Microlenders, with the
support of partners like SBA and Bank of America, are playing a key role in
creating and retaining jobs by directly supporting thousands of small businesses
across the country."

The first grant recipients serve small businesses in urban and rural communities
in 17 states across the country. The grants have enabled the lenders to not only
access low-cost loan capital but also expand their lending programs into new
communities. Early results include:

* New York - six nonprofit lenders have used $900,000 in Bank of America grants
to leverage $5.5 million in SBA microloan and 7(a) capital and USDA capital,
helping to retain or create an estimated 1,212 local jobs.

* California - nine nonprofit lenders have used $790,000 in Bank of America
grants to leverage $5.6 million in SBA microloan capital, helping to retain or
create 713 local jobs.

* Minnesota - two nonprofit lenders have used $187,500 in Bank of America grants
to leverage $1.25 million in SBA microloan capital, helping to retain or create
270 local jobs.

* Kentucky - two nonprofit lenders have used $191,100 in Bank of America grants
to leverage $1.274 million in SBA microloan capital, helping to retain or create
75 local jobs.

The average SBA microloan size is $13,000 per business.Through these programs,
CDFIs can borrow for 10 to 20 years at rates less than two percent - twice as
long and half the cost of other CDFI lending programs currently available.
Currently more than 175 nonprofit lenders participate in these programs.

Bank of America is the nation's largest investor into CDFIs, with more than $1
billion in loans and investment to 120 CDFIs in 37 states. This work with CDFIs
is part of the company's broad support for small businesses, which includes a
pledge to increase lending to small and medium-sized businesses by $5 billion in
2010. In the first half of this year, Bank of America has provided $45.4 billion
to small and medium-sized companies.

Bank of America

Bank of America is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving
individual consumers, small- and middle-market businesses and large corporations
with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial
and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched
convenience in the United States, serving approximately 57 million consumer and
small business relationships with 5,900 retail banking offices, more than 18,000
ATMs and award-winning online banking with 29 million active users. Bank of
America is among the world's leading wealth management companies and is a global
leader in corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of
asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals
around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to
approximately 4 million small business owners through a suite of innovative,
easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through
operations in more than 40 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE:
BAC) is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and is listed on the New
York Stock Exchange. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 12, 2013

New microloans expand small farm finance options in region

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 323  words


New and beginning farmers and ranchers in Delaware now have an agricultural
microloan credit option to consider. As. of Jan. 15, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency is offering its customers a microloan designed
to help farmers and ranchers with credit needs of $35,000 or less. The loan
features a streamlined application and a simplified qualification process built
to fit the needs of new and smaller producers.

"This innovative offering will be more customer-friendly than our larger, more
traditional loan programs," said Delaware State Executive Director Robert E.
Walls. "Farms seeking a smaller loan for start-up or operational needs now have
a great new tool to consider."

'Walls continued, "For those selling at farmers markets or through
community-supported agriculture operations, a micro-loan might serve their needs
perfectly, And the reduced paperwork associated with the new microloan will help
expedite the process for everyone."

In 2012, the Farm Service Agency provided $2,241,571 million in farm loan
assistance to agricultural producers of all sizes in Delaware. That year, farm
ownership loans accounted for the majority of the loans extended with 10 loans,
while farm operating loans were fewer at seven. In 2012, there were no emergency
loans written.

"The interest rate of 1.25 percent on the new FSA microloan is also a great
benefit for farmers and ranchers who are just starting out, in need of capital
and on a tight budget," said Walls. "Producers can contact their nearest FSA
office for details and to determine if they qualify for a microloan." The
microloan term can be up to seven years.

Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 128,000 loans to family farmers totaling
more than $18 billion. More than 50 percent of the loans went to beginning and
socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information on microloans and other FSA programs, contact a local USDA
service center.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Cape Gazette


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: S. 1857, Microloan Modernization Act of 2015

LENGTH: 626 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Congressional Budget Office has issued the following news
release:



 Under current law, the Small Business Administration (SBA) operates a program
that makes loans and grants to eligible nonprofit entities (known as
intermediaries). Intermediaries use those funds to make small loans (microloans
that are less than $50,000) to newly-established or growing small businesses.
Participating intermediaries use grant funds from SBA to provide technical
assistance to small businesses receiving a microloan.





 S. 1857 would make a number of changes to the microloan program, including
raising the amount the SBA may commit to an intermediary, extending the maximum
term for repayment of the microloan to the intermediary, and authorizing
intermediaries to offer lines of credit as well as traditional loans. (A line of
credit allows a borrower to establish a maximum loan amount that the borrower
may draw down as the funds are required.) The bill also would direct the
Government Accountability Office to conduct a study of intermediaries to
determine why some that may be eligible to participate in the program fail to do
so, and to recommend ways to increase participation in the program.



 Based on information from the SBA, CBO estimates that implementing S. 1857
would cost about $2 million over the 2016-2020 period, assuming appropriation of
the necessary amounts for monitoring, rulemaking, and reporting activities, as
well as for additional subsidy costs or the microloan; program. Enacting S. 1857
would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as-you-go
procedures do not apply.



 CBO expects that provisions of the bill that would allow intermediaries to
offer lines of credit as well as traditional loans would affect the subsidy rate
for the microloan program. The subsidy rate is the estimated long-term cost to
the government of a direct loan, calculated on a net-present-value basis, stated
as a percentage of the loan amount. (In fiscal year 2015, that estimated rate is
about 10 percent for the microloan program, which in recent years has provided
an average of about $30 million a year in loans.)



 Intermediaries depend on a steady stream of repayments from their borrowers to
repay the SBA. By allowing all participating intermediaries to offer lines of
credit, the steady stream of repayments generated by traditional loans to
micro-borrowers could become uneven, increasing the chance that the intermediary
would default on its loan from the SBA. Based on information from the agency,
CBO expects that the subsidy rate for the microloan program would increase only
slightly as a result of enacting S. 1857 because the default rate for the
program is a small fraction of the program's overall subsidy cost and because we
expect a small portion of the intermediaries, the riskiest lenders, would be
adversely affected by such a change in cash flows. We estimate that implementing
this provision would raise the subsidy cost for such loans to about 11 percent,
and would cost less than $500,000 per year. That additional cost is included in
the total estimated cost of the bill.



 S. 1857 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in
the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would not affect the budgets of state,
local, or tribal governments.



 On October 1, 2015, CBO transmitted a revised cost estimate for H.R. 2670, the
Microloan Modernization Act of 2015, as passed by the House of Representatives
on July 13, 2015. The House version of the bill includes a report by the SBA's
Office of Advocacy that is not included in S. 1857; the two cost estimates
reflect that difference.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                             March 12, 2004 Friday

Small business protests loan program shift

BYLINE: Adina Genn

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 757 words


When banks denied Cheryl Sott, CEO of Southold-based Aromapothecary, the $15,000
loan she needed to pursue a $500,000-plus contract with a Fortune 500 prospect,
she applied for a U.S. Small Business Administration microloan.

Sott, a former Wall Street strategist, received the microloan for her 3-year-old
business last August and was awarded the contract.

"It was the only way to access capital. I was able to do preliminary work to
offer the products [my prospect] needed," said Sott, whose company creates
customized bath and body products sold at Barneys New York, Parfumerie Generale
in Paris and Scrips Elixer in New York. "Without the loan, I don't see how it
would've been possible."

Sott obtained her loan through Centereach-based Community Development Corp. of
Long Island, which has an Island client base of 161 businesses that have been
awarded microloans, worth up to $35,000 apiece.

CDC provides $1 million in microloans to small businesses annually. But small
enterprises seeking financing might soon lose the microloan program as a
lifeline. Under the Bush administration's proposed budget for 2005, the SBA
requested zero funding for the program.

Advocates of microloans say the proposed cut in funding would hurt small
businesses and impede job creation, which is a major issue in this year's
presidential race.

Sott considers the funding climate bleak without the program. "Even at this
stage, having taken the company to the next level, I couldn't go to a
traditional bank, even though our financials are [now] completely different,
with sales in excess of a million dollars," she said. "CDC is still our only
option for funding."

But Doug Heye, a spokesman for the SBA in Washington, called microloans "an
inefficient program that costs 97 cents for every dollar. We are moving the
microloan into our SBA Express program and entrepreneurial development program,"
he said.

Those programs fall under the SBA's 7(a) initiative, for which the SBA requests
$12.5 billion, a 30 percent increase over last year. "We can do small loans
under SBA Express much more effectively. Banks are heavily involved in small
business loans," Heye said. "Banks are currently using it."

Wilbur Klatsky CDC president and CEO, dismissed the plan as a "smoke screen,"
adding that startups and owners with bankruptcies or marginal credit histories
would have trouble accessing loans, "even with SBA Express."

"The loans that we do cannot be done and will not be deemed credit-worthy,"
Klatsky said.

Jim Cloudman, director of small business lending at Astoria Federal Savings Bank
in Lake Success, would not state what credit scores the bank seeks but said that
he refers small businesses to microloan providers for entrepreneurs in need of
credit experience. CDC is "like the farm league, and [small businesses] move up
to the big leagues, so to speak," Cloudman said. "It's been very good for us. It
helps our customers out."

In a Feb. 25 letter, nine New York members of Congress, including Steve Israel,
D-Huntington, Gary Ackerman, D-Bayside, Carolyn McCarthy, D-Hempstead, Timothy
Bishop, D-Coram, urged the chairman and the ranking member of the House
Committee on Small Business to continue the microloan program, stating that most
recipients are denied by traditional lenders and use the program "as a last
resort for gaining the necessary access to capital."

The CDC, which has won awards for being the most active microlender in the
tri-state area since 2000, receives grant money from the SBA to offer
entrepreneurial training to business owners. But without microloan funding, the
technical assistance program would be gone, Klatsky said.

Trevor Davis, senior vice president and chief lending officer at the CDC, said
providing technical assistance enables the organization to have a loan loss rate
of less than 3 percent. He also credits the program's success rate with CDC's
character lending.

Added Klatsky: "We do deals at the kitchen table, not in the board room."

Through character lending, Sott obtained her financing. "CDC knew what I was
doing as a businessperson. It was based on my credibility, my past achievements
and my vision for future achievements," she said.

It's that kind of support that enables microenterprises such as Sott's to create
jobs on Long Island and nationwide at a time when jobs are being exported, Davis
said.

"I plan to hire five employees within the next three months as a result of the
contract enabled by the loan," Sott said.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 31, 2004 Friday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

Missouri lenders see growth in microloans

BYLINE: BY SHERA DALIN Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C07

LENGTH: 627 words


As the year draws to a close, interest in microloans is rising among prospective
entrepreneurs with sound business plans, lenders say.

Loan officers at Resources for Missouri Inc. in St. Louis and Growth Opportunity
Connection in Kansas City say they've noticed more interest in microloans, or
those for less than $10,000.

"For this year, we are going like gangbusters," said Joe Stock, a loan officer
at RMI.

RMI, one of three Small Business Administration-approved microlenders in
Missouri, closed on five loans in the year's last quarter and approved five more
loans. Stock said he was preparing to submit another loan application, as well.

"I don't know where these numbers are coming from. Usually, this is the slowest
time of the year," Stock said.

In fiscal 2004, which ended Sept. 30, the company issued 16 loans valued at
$283,300.

Stock said he was also surprised by the potential of the loan applicants. "One
of every two deals I get is quality," he said.

Alan Corbet, executive director of Growth Opportunity Connection, said
applications there picked up in the last two months.

"The deals we are getting are more qualified. People are doing their homework
first before they go out and ask for money," he said.

"Maybe it's the economy. You can never predict what can happen from one year to
the next," said Corbet, whose organization issued about 25 loans worth $500,000
in fiscal 2004.

Nationally, the number of microloans increased in value and popularity, the SBA
reported. The agency said 2,405 microloans worth $32.7 million were issued in
the last fiscal year, up from 2,263 loans worth $27.5 million in 2003.

The agency hasn't noticed a marked uptick in microloans, spokesman Mike Stamler
said. More loans have been issued in previous years.

Though the number of loans in the administration's St. Louis district increased
in fiscal 2004, the total value of the loans dropped by $42,000.

Missouri's third microloan lender, Justine Petersen Housing & Reinvestment Corp.
in St. Louis, is the source of those loan changes. The social-service agency is
holding its loans below $10,000 apiece to save money on borrowing costs from the
SBA, said its executive director, Robert Boyle.

"All of us in the market are wondering what is going to happen in the microloan
industry," he said. "The name of the game at the SBA lending operation is the
fittest are going to survive."

Boyle and other lenders expect the administration of President George W. Bush to
propose another funding cut for the microloan program next year. Social-service
agencies and members of Congress fought the first cut and restored funding,
though at reduced levels.

The federal budget restored $15 million of the previous year's $20 million in
loan funds. Technical-assistance funding of $14 million, which is used to pay
for administering loan programs and to teach prospective entrepreneurs how to
run a business, was cut by $1 million.

"We're not exactly sure how (future funding) is going to play out," said
Michelle Levy-Benitez, manager of policy and research for the Association of
Enterprise Opportunity in Arlington, Va. The organization lobbied to restore
funding.

"All indications would be that fewer loans would be made," she said. "We are
encouraging folks to make smaller loans."

More loans, even if they're smaller, help a greater number of startups become
reality.

"It's not a lot of money, but it goes a long way. It helps a lot of people,"
Levy-Benitez said.

Many lenders are searching more aggressively for non-governmental sources of
loan funding.

Others, such as Justine Petersen Housing & Reinvestment, are trying to make
better loans, operate more efficiently to save money and conserve their lending
capacity, Boyle said.

"The money is getting scarce, and it's becoming more scarce."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graphic
 Graphic / chart - On the rise

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 25, 2015 Sunday

Washington: Microloan Cap Grows to $50,000

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: Washington


Small Business Administration has issued the following news release:

Farm Service Agency (FSA) reminds farmers and ranchers that the FSA borrowing
limit for microloans increased from $35,000 to $50,000, effective Nov. 7.
Microloans offer borrowers simplified lending with less paperwork.

The microloan change allows beginning, small and mid-sized farmers to access an
additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application process with up to
seven years to repay. Microloans are part of USDA's continued commitment to
small and midsized farming operations.

To complement the microloan program additional changes to FSA eligibility
requirements will enhance beginning farmers and ranchers access to land, a key
barrier to entry level producers. FSA policies related to farm experience have
changed so that other types of skills may be considered to meet the direct
farming experience required for farm ownership loan eligibility. Operation or
management of non-farm businesses, leadership positions while serving in the
military or advanced education in an agricultural field will now count towards
the experience applicants need to show when applying for farm ownership loans.
Important Note: Microloans cannot be used to purchase real estate.

Since 2010, FSA has made a record amount of farm loans -- more than 165,000
loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm loans now
go to beginning farmers. In addition, FSA has increased its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Microloan Cap Grows to $50,000

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Farm Service Agency (FSA) reminds farmers and ranchers that the FSA borrowing
limit for microloans increased from $35,000 to $50,000, effective Nov. 7.
Microloans offer borrowers simplified lending with less paperwork.

The microloan change allows beginning, small and mid-sized farmers to access an
additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application process with up to
seven years to repay. Microloans are part of USDA's continued commitment to
small and midsized farming operations.

To complement the microloan program additional changes to FSA eligibility
requirements will enhance beginning farmers and ranchers access to land, a key
barrier to entry level producers. FSA policies related to farm experience have
changed so that other types of skills may be considered to meet the direct
farming experience required for farm ownership loan eligibility. Operation or
management of non-farm businesses, leadership positions while serving in the
military or advanced education in an agricultural field will now count towards
the experience applicants need to show when applying for farm ownership loans.
Important Note: Microloans cannot be used to purchase real estate.

Since 2010, FSA has made a record amount of farm loans -- more than 165,000
loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm loans now
go to beginning farmers. In addition, FSA has increased its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday

Washington: Microloan Cap Grows to $50,000

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Farm Service Agency (FSA) reminds farmers and ranchers that the FSA borrowing
limit for microloans increased from $35,000 to $50,000, effective Nov. 7.
Microloans offer borrowers simplified lending with less paperwork.

The microloan change allows beginning, small and mid-sized farmers to access an
additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application process with up to
seven years to repay. Microloans are part of USDA's continued commitment to
small and midsized farming operations.

To complement the microloan program additional changes to FSA eligibility
requirements will enhance beginning farmers and ranchers access to land, a key
barrier to entry level producers. FSA policies related to farm experience have
changed so that other types of skills may be considered to meet the direct
farming experience required for farm ownership loan eligibility. Operation or
management of non-farm businesses, leadership positions while serving in the
military or advanced education in an agricultural field will now count towards
the experience applicants need to show when applying for farm ownership loans.
Important Note: Microloans cannot be used to purchase real estate.

Since 2010, FSA has made a record amount of farm loans -- more than 165,000
loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm loans now
go to beginning farmers. In addition, FSA has increased its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Ocala Star-Banner (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 23, 2013 Wednesday

Ocala/Marion CEP is partner in SBA 'microloan' program

BYLINE: Richard Anguiano, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 336 words


Oct. 23--A "microloan" program, aimed at helping small business owners having
trouble getting financing from traditional lenders, is now available in Marion
County.

The Ocala/Marion County Chamber & Economic Partnership is joining with
underwriters Community Ventures Corp. of Lexington, Ky., to offer U.S. Small
Business Administration loans through the brand-new Ocala Area Microloan Fund.

Ryan Lilly, director of Business Creation at the CEP, said the microloan program
is not intended to compete with banks or the small business loans they offer but
is meant to "complement the local finance landscape."

"We're able to look at a lower credit score or a lesser financial history than
one of our banks would be accustomed to serving," Lilly said. "That's true of a
lot of entrepreneurs just starting out. There are quite a few of those people
who fall through the cracks and are still very deserving of some sort of
financing option."

Loan amounts may range from $1,000 to $50,000. The maximum term is six years.

According to the U.S. Small Business Administration website, microloans may be
used for working capital, inventory or supplies, furniture or fixtures, and
machinery or equipment. Borrowers may not use the loans to pay existing debts or
buy real estate.

Lilly said business owners who are interested should contact him at
ryan@OcalaCEP.com

"The first step is setting up an appointment to meet the business owners,
finding out what their capital needs are, seeing if they have a business plan,
seeing how developed their business concept is and from there, looking at the
application process itself," he said.

Lilly, 25, who joined the the CEP in August after working at business incubators
in Illinois and Virginia, said microloan or revolving-loan programs were
successful there.

"I look forward to seeing the impact this program will have on the community,"
he said.

___ (c)2013 the Ocala Star-Banner (Ocala, Fla.) Visit the Ocala Star-Banner
(Ocala, Fla.) at www.ocala.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131023-OA-Ocala-Marion-CEP-is-partner-in-SBA-microloan
-program-1023-20131023

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OA


                        Copyright 2013 Ocala Star-Banner


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 25, 2015 Sunday

Washington: Microloan Cap Grows to $50,000

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: Washington


Small Business Administration has issued the following news release:

Farm Service Agency (FSA) reminds farmers and ranchers that the FSA borrowing
limit for microloans increased from $35,000 to $50,000, effective Nov. 7.
Microloans offer borrowers simplified lending with less paperwork.

The microloan change allows beginning, small and mid-sized farmers to access an
additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application process with up to
seven years to repay. Microloans are part of USDA's continued commitment to
small and midsized farming operations.

To complement the microloan program additional changes to FSA eligibility
requirements will enhance beginning farmers and ranchers access to land, a key
barrier to entry level producers. FSA policies related to farm experience have
changed so that other types of skills may be considered to meet the direct
farming experience required for farm ownership loan eligibility. Operation or
management of non-farm businesses, leadership positions while serving in the
military or advanced education in an agricultural field will now count towards
the experience applicants need to show when applying for farm ownership loans.
Important Note: Microloans cannot be used to purchase real estate.

Since 2010, FSA has made a record amount of farm loans -- more than 165,000
loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm loans now
go to beginning farmers. In addition, FSA has increased its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Microloan Cap Grows to $50,000

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Farm Service Agency (FSA) reminds farmers and ranchers that the FSA borrowing
limit for microloans increased from $35,000 to $50,000, effective Nov. 7.
Microloans offer borrowers simplified lending with less paperwork.

The microloan change allows beginning, small and mid-sized farmers to access an
additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application process with up to
seven years to repay. Microloans are part of USDA's continued commitment to
small and midsized farming operations.

To complement the microloan program additional changes to FSA eligibility
requirements will enhance beginning farmers and ranchers access to land, a key
barrier to entry level producers. FSA policies related to farm experience have
changed so that other types of skills may be considered to meet the direct
farming experience required for farm ownership loan eligibility. Operation or
management of non-farm businesses, leadership positions while serving in the
military or advanced education in an agricultural field will now count towards
the experience applicants need to show when applying for farm ownership loans.
Important Note: Microloans cannot be used to purchase real estate.

Since 2010, FSA has made a record amount of farm loans -- more than 165,000
loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm loans now
go to beginning farmers. In addition, FSA has increased its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             March 21, 2016 Monday
                                   1 Edition

USDA inspires new crop of farmers

BYLINE: By, Finance NM

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. Z6

LENGTH: 547 words


LAS CRUCES - The U.S. Department of Agriculture is making it easier for New
Mexicans to take up - or continue - farming in a state that's famous for its
chile and other commercial crops but also produces specialty items derived from
agricultural products.

Direct Farm Ownership Microloans, which help agricultural entrepreneurs buy and
improve farmland and farm buildings and finance other related capital-intensive
activities, are especially helpful to beginning and underserved farmers,
veterans and those just embarking on a farming career.

In New Mexico, the loans are well suited to small-scale and nontraditional farms
that sell their products at farmers markets and roadside stands or that serve a
niche market by growing crops organically, hydroponically or in greenhouses.
They can be an incentive for people to take their backyard gardening to the next
level or even to repopulate rural areas where land is more plentiful and new
businesses are needed.

This new microloan is a cousin to Direct Farm Operating Microloans, which USDA
started offering in 2013 to help farmers obtain equipment and tools, fencing and
essential materials, such as livestock, seed, fertilizer or irrigation - and to
pay costs associated with marketing and promotion and securing basic
certifications. Seventy percent of Direct Farm Operating Microloans have gone to
new farmers.

Loan basics

Direct Farm Ownership Microloans simplify the process of securing capital to buy
or improve farmland and buildings and to implement other high-cost projects,
such as soil and water conservation.

The loan program is specifically designed for people who want to make a living
off the land but don't have the business track record that might qualify them
for a traditional, low-interest loan from the Farm Service Agency - which
administers numerous farm-conservation and assistance programs for USDA - or a
loan from a traditional lender.

Direct Farm Ownership Microloans generally are secured by the property being
purchased or modified. Loans top out at $50,000, and qualifying applicants can
borrow what they need; they're not subject to loan minimums. The maximum term is
25 years.

Eligibility requirements

Applicants for a Direct Farm Ownership Microloan must have an acceptable credit
history, U.S. citizenship or legal resident status, an inability to obtain
credit elsewhere and a good history of repaying debts to the FSA and other
federal agencies and creditors.

They must have three years of experience managing a farm in the decade before
applying for the loan, but the agency is flexible with this  in light of its
goal to help those with sparse farming credentials. Sixteen credit hours of
postsecondary schooling in an agriculture-related field or one year of direct
experience in business management can substitute for one year running a farm,
and a self-guided apprenticeship with an approved mentor can meet the rest of
that requirement.

For more information about a Direct Farm Ownership Microloan, including current
interest rates, visit www.fsa.usda.gov/microloans or contact any USDA Service
Center or FSA field office (http://offices.usda.gov).

Finance New Mexico assists individuals and businesses with  skills and funding
resources for business or idea. To learn more,  www.FinanceNewMexico.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2016 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

NYBDC offering microloans on L.I.

BYLINE: Jessica DiNapoli

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 711  words


Deep-pocketed alternative lender New York Business Development Corp. will offer
a loan product next month in direct competition with Long Island's local
nonprofits.

Albany-based NYBDC, with a loan portfolio of $1.1 billion, plans on unveiling a
microlending program on April 1 that will make additional money available to
Long Island's small businesses and threaten the growth of local institutions
such as La Fuerza Unida Community Development Corp. in East Norwich, Long Island
Development Corp. in Westbury and Centereach-based Community Development Corp.
of Long Island.

NYBDC CEO Pat MacKrell said his organization plans to make about $300,000 to
$400,000 in microloans, which will be under $25,000 each, across New York in the
first six months of the program. Each year following, MacKrell hopes to do about
$1 million in microlending. His organization has greater access to funds, plus a
larger staff, than microlenders already operating on the Island, he said.

If MacKrell's plans pan out, NYBDC's microlending business may eclipse that of
his local counterparts, though he wrote in an e-mail he does not want to
displace his fellow lenders. La Feurza Unida CDC's micro loan portfolio totaled
$199,000 at the end of 2010, while LIDC, which sold its $170 million Small
Business Administration loan portfolio to NYBDC in 2009, had a microloan
portfolio of $121,051. CDCLI, with a microloan portfolio of $1.6 million as of
Jan. 31, 2011, plans to downsize its microlending business to protect itself
against high default rates in the segment.

Employment rates tend to drive demand for microloans, said Roz Goldmacher, who
extends these smaller loans through LIDC's Long Island Small Business Assistance
Corp., in an e-mail. Those out of work in a soft job market often opt to start
their own business. Gloria Glowacki, director of operations of the Stony Brook
Small Business Development Center, said demand for microloans is up because
people are cautiously optimistic about the economy and are opting for smaller
loans until the economy fully recovers.

MacKrell believes there is opportunity for him in Long Island's microlending
market. "It's a gap within our own offerings and in what we perceive in the
difficulty getting credit," MacKrell said, adding that the NYBDC will disburse
its microloans using credit cards instead of checks, making it akin to a
revolving line of credit. The program is being funded by $1.45 million from the
Empire State Development Corp., plus existing money the organization can already
access. CDCLI, in contrast, has $5 million to deploy in microloans on Long
Island, but is planning on moving an existing $500,000 line of credit from
Empire State Development to a new SBA program, called Community Advantage.

CDCLI took a major hit in loan losses from 2005 to 2009. Although the nonprofit
has recovered, it is considering enrolling in the SBA's Community Advantage
Program to protect against future losses, said Bob Larson, CDCLI's chief lending
officer. Community Advantage status would allow CDCLI to make loans of up to
$250,000, 75 percent of which would be guaranteed by the government. Loans below
$150,000 would be 85 percent guaranteed. Under its current microloan program,
CDCLI has made loans of $50,000 and under.

"It increases our comfort," Larson said, adding that the government guarantee
will allow it to offer loans to businesses it would have otherwise denied.

Even if he takes the Community Advantage route, Larson will continue to offer
microlending but on a smaller scale, without the extra $500,000.

"We don't have the money NYBDC has, but we have money to lend and we're not
worried about running out," Larson said.

David Boone, the new president of the La Fuerza Unida CDC, said he is not
concerned about NYBDC's entrance to the market, either. La Fuerza targets Long
Island's Hispanic community from Long Beach to Brentwood, and many
businesspeople need microloan funds right away, Boone said. That would make
NYBDC's credit card approach impractical, he said.

"Most need funds for equipment or they need it for working funds, working
capital," Boone said. "So they take it all at one time. "

Boone's organization makes microloans totaling between $1,500 and $7,500, and
occasionally will lend up to $25,000, he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                            August 18, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Surge in jobs and growth bid thanks to 'microloan'

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 389 words


A TEESSIDE digital advertising agency is looking to expand - and create more
jobs - after securing a cash boost from the Finance for Business North East
Microloan Fund.

Surge Marketing Solutions, which specialises in website design and online
marketing, has already achieved a six-figure turnover in its first year and is
looking to hit a quarter of a million in the next year.

Company director David Porter started the company because he recognised the
growing trend of advertising online.

Now the plan is to recruit more staff to take his team of seven to 10 by April
next year - and also expand into the mobile app development business.

The Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund, managed by Rivers Capital
Partners, provides small businesses with microloans to fund their big ideas.

Through web design, Surge Marketing Solutions aims to help sites perform better
and convert more visitors into customers.

Surge Marketing Solutions has won contracts with clients all over the UK,
ranging from sole traders to local authorities, and David hopes to further
enhance this early success with the loan gained from the Microloan Fund.

David decided to apply to the Microloan Fund because he needed an instant cash
boost to accommodate the staff expansion required to support their business
growth.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "With the support
of the loan from Rivers, Surge Marketing Solutions will be able to recruit three
more members of staff within an 11-month period, whilst simultaneously providing
the company with a financial security blanket and also facilitating their move
to new offices".

David said: "Simply put, we help people get more from the web; 25% of
advertising budgets are spent online, and it was actually one of the only
industries that grew in the recession."

"[The loan process] was very straightforward and very simple. The process only
lasted two weeks and the interest rates are fair."

The North East Microloan Fund provides small loans of £1,000-£25,000.

It's specifically aimed at businesses that have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance and can provide affordable credit for those with a poor
credit history. The fund is run by entrepreneurs and aimed at entrepreneurs, and
decisions are not based on the assets a company has, but on the overall quality
of the business.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: From left, ¦Kristine Murane of Rivers Capital Partners, director David
Porter of Surge Marketing Solutions and James Holloway of Rivers Capital
Partners. Surge Marketing Solutions, which specialises in website design and
online marketing, is looking to expand after securing cash from the Finance for
Business North East Microloan Fund

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2015 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Summit in Pilot for Revised SBA Microloan Program

                           November 25, 1996, Monday

By SARA OPPENHEIM


Summit Bancorp is one of the first banks to participate in the Small Business
Administration's revamped microloan program, which issues loans to start-up
businesses.

The $22 billion-asset Summit, N.J., bank lent $578,926 to the Greater Newark
Business Development Consortium to make loans of less than $25,000 each to small
businesses.

"We hope that people who are customers of the microloan program will eventually
become customers of the bank," said Michael Land, Summit vice president for
government guaranteed lending.

The pilot for the recently revamped 7(m) Microloan Program is designed to make
more capital available to entrepreneurs because the SBA-guaranteed loans come
from the bank rather than the federal agency.

The 10-year loan functions as a revolving credit line for the first five years.
The loan has an interest rate based on the five-year Treasury rate.

Under the microloan program, intermediary lenders such as the Greater Newark
Business Development Consortium set the credit and collateral requirements.

The SBA and the intermediary lenders help the small-business owner develop
business and marketing plans, and can provide demographic research about
particular areas or industries.

"It's an easier environment for people that haven't borrowed from a bank
before," Mr. Land said. "It's difficult for a bank to do start-up loans of less
than $25,000."

With the loan structured as a revolving credit line, the intermediary lender
pays interest only on the amount lent to entrepreneurs, which reduces the
intermediary's interest expense.

Previously, the money for the microloans came directly from the SBA and the
intermediary lender paid interest on the entire loan amount.

The microloan fund can weather cutbacks in the SBA's budget because the money
comes from the bank rather than the federal agency, said Harry Menta, economic
development specialist for the SBA's New Jersey office.

"This ensures the program will be available as long as the SBA will back the
loans," Mr. Menta said. "It's more self-sufficient with the private sector
involved."

Since SBA created the microloan program in 1993, the Greater Newark Business
Development Consortium has approved 73 SBA-guaranteed microloans totaling $1
million.

Nine other banks, in addition to Summit, will issue loans to 19 local economic
development groups as part of the pilot program.

SECTION: SMALL BUSINESS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 398 words

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Land, photo

                      Copyright 1996 American Banker, Inc.


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Sunday Telegram (Massachusetts)

                     November 03, 2002 Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

26% default rate on city microloans prompts inquiries

BYLINE: Nick KOTSOPOULOS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Politics and the City; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 1102 words



Since 1994, Worcester's municipal government has offered a microloan program to
make it easier for small businesses to get loans and create jobs. Typically,
those loans have gone to people who wish to start up a business but have little
or no capital or experience.

The program, which operates through the city's Office of Economic Development,
is usually the lender of last resort and finances projects that most commercial
banks will not consider. City officials acknowledge some high risks are
involved.

But despite those risks, they contend the program is worthwhile.

Since the inception of the program, the city has granted 27 microloans, totaling
$551,382. That, in turn, has leveraged more than $2 million in private
investment.

The program has had its share of successes- seven of the loans have been paid
off- but it has also had its share of failures. According to city officials, six
of the 27 loans, or 26 percent, have defaulted.

The defaulted loans totaled $87,384, and while that is not considered large
money in the world of city government, it has raised concerns among several
members of the City Council.

In particular, councilors are alarmed that most of those who have defaulted
never paid one cent back to the city. That's right, not a penny.

Which prompts the question: What did those people do with that money?

Councilor-at-Large Dennis L. Irish is spearheading the effort to get to the
bottom of the matter. As chairman of the council's Commerce and Development
Committee, Mr. Irish has raised several questions about who has received
microloans and how that money was spent.

''We need to know where this money went, how it was spent and why it was not
paid back,'' Mr. Irish said.

Funded by federal Community Development Block Grant money received by the city,
the microloans can range from $1,000 to a maximum of $30,000. The microloan
program also works in conjunction with the U.S. Small Business Administration
loan guaranty program.

Philip J. Niddrie, the city's chief development officer, said other than those
loans that might have a one- to five-year deferment, as specified under the
terms of the loan agreement, the repayment of principal and interest associated
with those loans is supposed to start 30 days after the loan amount is disbursed
to the borrower. He said the city sends out monthly billing notices to each
borrower.

Mr. Niddrie said because the loans are very high risk, defaults are not uncommon
or unexpected. The percentage of failed loans varies from community to
community, he said, because of the size of each loan portfolio, the age of the
program, the amount of money that is loaned and the strictness of the lending
criteria.

Of the microloan programs in Massachusetts that have been in existence for four
years or more, and have made 20 or more loans, the average default ratio is in
the 16 percent to 20 percent range, according Mr. Niddrie.

While Worcester's 26 percent rate of failed microloans exceeds the statewide
average, that is nowhere near as bad as some communities- with default ratios of
up to 40 percent.

''The microloan fund is not comparable to bank loans,'' Mr. Niddrie said.
''Typically, banks do not provide this type of high-risk startup capital to new
businesses. Loan loss rates, in most banks, are within 3 percent or less of
their total portfolio, with most of their loans having much higher dollars
involved than our microloan amounts.''

The city has not received any repayment on the following microloans:

- A $6,000 loan in 1994 for the opening of a clothing store on Main Street
catering to young people's fashions.

- A $25,000 loan in 1994 for the opening of a restaurant at Worcester Regional
Airport.

- A $20,000 loan in 1994 for a day care center.

- A $15,000 loan in 1996 for a restaurant on Chandler Street.

- A $10,000 loan in 2001 to cover relocation costs for a business from Chandler
Street. Because this loan was granted last year, it has yet to be ''charged
off,'' even though no repayments have been made, according to city officials.

There were two other loans in which partial repayments had been made before they
were charged off. In most instances, Mr. Niddrie said, the borrowers who
defaulted on their loans went out of business.

District 3 Councilor Paul P. Clancy Jr. said the city administration has
provided little insight on what has happened to that money. He said the City
Council has no idea whether that money was used to purchase equipment or real
estate or whether it was spent on anything associated with those businesses at
all.

''What did these businesses spend the money on?'' Mr. Clancy asked. ''Granting a
loan is a good-faith item. The people who received these loans were supposed to
start repaying them within 30 days, but no repayments have been made. There has
been no good faith in those cases.''

Mayor Timothy P. Murray has also been an outspoken critic of how the city
administration has monitored the microloan program. He emphasized that his
criticism is not directed at Mr. Niddrie, because the problems predate his
becoming chief development officer a couple of years ago.

The mayor said, however, that the administration has provided no information on
what collection efforts have been made by the city or whether it intends to
pursue litigation against the borrowers to remedy those loans.

''We need to get a handle on what has happened with some of these loans,'' Mr.
Murray said. ''By not collecting any money from these loans, we forgo the
opportunity to recycle that money to do more good work in our community.''

Councilor-at-Large Michael C. Perotto has raised other questions, as well. He
pointed out that two microloans, totaling $55,000, went to nonprofit
community-based development organizations, and that those agencies are not
required to repay those loans, unlike private business owners.

Mr. Perotto contends such rules treat the private sector differently from
nonprofit groups.

''It's unfair to the private sector that they have to repay these loans while
the nonprofits don't,'' Mr. Perotto said. ''These loans are basically a grant to
those agencies.''

City Manager Thomas R. Hoover has promised to provide the council with the
information it is seeking. He emphasized that nothing underhanded has been done
with the money.

''I want to reassure the public there has not been a misuse of these funds,''
Mr. Hoover said. ''We will provide every bit of detail we can to address the
questions that have been raised by the council and explain what happened to the
money.''

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                           September 14, 2012 Friday

Microloans are a savior for small business, a risk for lenders

BYLINE: Sean Olson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 916  words


Not all business loans need to be in the millions.

While big-budget lending for blockbuster real estate and building projects gets
the attention, many small businesses only require a few thousand dollars to buy
a piece of equipment or bolster operating capital.

In this arena, the business microloan is one of the only options considered
non-predatory in the market. Almost entirely backed by nonprofits, microloan
programs try to fill a gap that isn't considered profitable for commercial
banks.

But microloans also come with significantly higher risk, as they cater to small
business owners that often have little experience and a spotty credit history,
if they have a credit history at all.

In the Treasure Valley, two programs exist to help mostly minority businesses
take a small step forward. Officials in both programs say they accept extra
risk.

"We try to the best of our ability to make (loan) decisions on other factors
than a typical bank, who would say,'No way, this is too risky and the credit
score isn't high enough,'" said Sylvia Rojas, microloan committee chairwoman for
the Idaho Hispanic Chamber of Commerce.

The Hispanic Chamber's program has been slow to emerge, giving out four loans
since 2008 with the $50,000 in seed money granted the program by Zion's bank.
Rojas said that three of the loans were paid back early, but the fourth
backfired.

Ada County district court records show that the Hispanic Chamber in August sued
a Nevada man who had taken out a $10,000 loan to help open a bakery in Idaho.

The man, Juan Gonzalez Jr. of Clark County, Nev., received the money in October
2010, but failed to make even the first scheduled debt payment of $315 in
November, according to the lawsuit. The Hispanic Chamber is suing for all the
principal, legal fees, interest and court costs --more than $13,000.

Rojas, who does commercial lending at Capital Matrix in Boise, said she steps
outside the training used for her day job to apply a different kind of due
diligence for microloans. The three-member committee that approves loans often
has to go out and see the business operation, rather than rely solely on credit
scores and tax returns -- although those still play a part in approval.

"A lot of it is based on a little bit of risk and a little bit of faith," she
said.

Samir Busuladzic, loan coordinator for Mountain States Group's MicroEnterprise
Training and Assistance -- or META -- microloan program, said his program is
very careful with its lending practices. The program's primary goal is to help
people start businesses, not make money.

He said the loans often either establish an important credit history for a
business, or re-establish credit after a foreclosure or other blemish. Setting
up a business to go into default defeats the entire purpose, he said.

"The last thing we want is to lend money to someone who cannot afford the loan,"
Busuladzic said. "In that respect, we are trying to be very careful. "

The META program, which is more established than the Hispanic Chamber's program,

  makes about one loan a week with money collected from various federal agencies
to help refugees, women, minorities and "green" businesses.

To alleviate some risk, the META program requires people who have been operating
their business for less than a year to take a training course on business plans.
The program also offers technical assistance for any business owner who would
like to learn, Busuladzic said.

META also takes clients who would likely not be eligible for a bank loan.
Busuladzic said the program's default rate is about 5 percent.

Kevin Learned, a counselor with the Small Business Development Center at Boise
State University, said that access to capital, even in low amounts like the
microloan programs, is essential for small businesses. If that access isn't
accompanied by strong business knowledge or experience, however, it's worthless,
he said.

Good microloan programs are hands-on affairs that help business owners with more
than money, he said.

"What makes them really work is that they are accompanied by very significant
assistance and training," said Learned, whose company helped finance a microloan
program in Ecuador.

The Hispanic Chamber's program requires consultant training and business plans
to go along with its loan evaluations. And Rojas said she believes the program
will have an acceptable default rate, if it can attract more businesses to apply
for a loan.

Typical Hispanic Chamber clientele don't usually hear about the loans available,
Rojas said.

"They don't go out and do a lot of borrowing. They may not know what is out
there or maybe they have always paid cash," Rojas said. Yet access to just a few
thousand dollars can sometimes mean the difference between keeping the doors of
a business open.

Subuladzic said the META program is also under-used. He said microloans offer
significant advantages to other options small business owners have traditionally
used, but owners don't know about their options.

He said a small business owner not eligible for a traditional bank loan will
often take a personal credit card instead. Credit cards usually have a higher
interest rate, as microloans in Idaho are about 4 percent above the prime rate
-- or generally between 7.25 and 9.25 percent.

Business owners also have a harder time writing off business expenses on their
tax returns if paid for with a personal credit card, he said. Finally, he said,
a credit card does not establish the same type of credit history for a business
as a microloan does.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                                 June 19, 2003

Royal stamp of approval for microloan foundation

BYLINE: Andrew Raine

LENGTH: 349 words


A CHISWICK based charity was left celebrating a royal stamp of approval this
week - after the Prince of Wales made a personal donation.

The MicroLoan Foundation which makes small loans to desperately poor families in
Malawi enabling them to set up small-scale businesses and become self-sufficient
for their daily needs has received a donation from Prince Charles' personal
charitable foundation.

Though they are not allowed to reveal the extent of the Prince's generosity -
along with the general rules surrounding the Prince's donations the fledgling
charity says that it will make an important difference to them by helping
establish them in the eyes of the public.

Peter Ryan Managing Trustee of MicroLoan told the Times: We wrote to Prince
Charles telling him about our work in Malawi explaining that a small loan of
around £50 can provide the seedcorn funding for a family to buy goods to trade
or materials and equipment to start small scale farming or cottage industries.

We are naturally delighted and very grateful indeed that he has responded so
positively. It's given everyone a terrific boost.

This sort of support is very important to us as we are a small charity hoping to
get bigger - this gives us a bit of institutional credibility.'' Average life
expectancy in Malawi is 37 years with estimates suggesting that the incidence of
HIV may be as high as 50 per cent.

Most of MicroLoan's client families will be responsible for a number of Aids
orphans as well as their own children and since there are virtually no
employment opportunities in rural areas survival is an on-going daily struggle.

These families have no chance of borrowing money through normal channels like
banks and so a MicroLoan is usually their only chance of getting a modest
business off the ground '' Peter added.

The MicroLoan Foundation was established in 1998 and is run entirely by
volunteers in the UK who give their time and expertise for free.

Further information can be found by visiting the website
www.mircoloanfoundation.co.uk or by ringing 020 8994 0951.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2003 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            November 29, 2009 Sunday

Pakistan: Microfinance 911: The Underlying Causes of the Present Crisis

LENGTH: 2127  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Nov. 29 -- From October 2008 onwards, the microfinance sector in
Pakistan (MF, hereafter) has been facing a crisis some key microcredit providers
in the sector are facing enormous difficulty in collecting payments on their
microloans. Not only are MF clients refusing to repay their loans, in some
areas, loan officers have also been attacked by angry members of the
community.Until a few months ago, MFIs could do no wrong. MFIs tirelessly kept
apprising the public about MF's 'success' in poverty alleviation. Moreover, MFIs
have been touting their stellar recovery rates as the basis for charging 20-25%
interest (fixed balance) on their microloans with effective rates of interest in
the vicinity of 37%. The sector even grabbed the attention of the Pakistan prime
Minister who, while meeting with a delegation from the MF sector on April 15,
2009, said '{m}icro-credit is the best way of reaching out to the marginalized
and the forgotten and can change the destinies of the have-nots of the country'
(Daily Time, 2009). The MF sector also figured very largely in the imagination
of Pakistan watchers abroad.

Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times recently wrote about the success of MF in
a special Time issue titled 'Saving the World's Women.Against the backdrop of
such apparent success, it is extremely important to understand as to what has
gone wrong with the MF sector because if the present crisis is not handled
properly, it could seriously jeopardize the sector's future growth. The purpose
of this articles is to try and highlight the underlying causes behind the
recovery crisis in the MF sector instead of merely looking at the symptomatic
factors, which fail to properly account for the current situation.As such, there
has been very little work done towards understanding the real cause behind the
present MF crisis in Pakistan. According to the MFIs, the recent crisis has been
brought about by the changes in the political system (structure). It argued
that, with the change of political regime from a soft-authoritarian (Wade, 1990)
model to a quasi-vibrant democracy, vested interests have been increasingly able
to use activism to serve their nefarious ends.According to this argument, the
current crisis developed in large part due to the un-solicited and ill-advised
interference from the elected representatives who made public pronouncements
about writing off outstanding microloans. But to argue that the entire MF crisis
is simply driven by political patronage is facile and does not attempt to look
deeper beyond the symptoms.Sub-prime microloansThe similarities between the
ongoing sub-prime lending crisis in the US and the present MFD crisis in
Pakistan are particularly instructive in understanding the present problem and
in proffering possible solutions.Although the U.S. financial crisis has been
attributed to many different factors, the general consensus is that the present
recession was started in no small measure by the sub-prime lending to customers
with less-than- perfect credit. In two separate studies on the financial crisis,
Bierne and Bianco suggest that this was largely due to the deregulation in the
mortgage markets and attendant tax reform, which made higher-cost borrowing
attractive, as well as the availability of a large a mount of credit.
Furthermore, to increase the size of their existent mortgage portfolios, many
lending agencies consciously relaxed their underwriting standards; home
mortgages were also bundled into innovative financial products and sold in
secondary markets. In this way, there emerged a gulf between those who were
underwriting loans and those who were responsible for collecting on them,
further fuelling the trend towards relaxed underwriting standards. During 2006
and 2007, client with low credit ratings who had been offered such sub-prime
lending began to default. Sparking off a chain reaction, this created problems
for clients who had banked on refinancing their mortgages as the value of these
clients' homes depreciated.A cursory investigation into the number of actives
loans shows that the growth in MF sector was defying trends True, the Pakistani
economy grew at a respectable pace between 2002 and 2008 averaging around 6.34%
per annum. However, the magnitude of growth in microloans was fuelled, in large
part, by the increased availability of subsidized funds (credit) from apex
institutions like the Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund (PPAF), rather than the
demand of microloans as well as the large differential between cost of funds and
the price that was being charged by MFIs at a rate of 20% (fixed balance).
Figure 1 show how subsidized funds from PPAF alone increased exponentially in a
matter of few yearsThis led to a de facto relaxation, in the sense that in a
single-minded focus on increasing the client base, MFIs seem to have provided
short shrift to due diligence and know your Customer (KYC) protocols. Staffed
with accountants in senior decision-making positions, many of the leading MFIs
made a fundamentals error in turning a blind eye towards due diligence and
comprehensive client screening in favour of portfolio growth. Customer service
was grossly neglected, as evidenced by the lack of a customer services
department in most MFIs and client attrition rates (ratio of exiting clients)
became very high, especially among mature clients.Albert O.Hirschman wrote in
his seminal book Exit, Voice and Loyalty, that a decline in an organization can
be captured by two main indicators: exit and voice. In other words, when clients
become dissatisfied with the deteriorating quality of goods or services being
proffered by an organization, they usually respond by either protesting or
exiting. As mentioned earlier, the channels for client protest were already
non-existent in the MFI sector-there were no customer service departments that
would log and analyze client complaints. Therefore, a rising number of client
exits should have raised a number of flags for the MFIs. However, the MFIs were
so focused on portfolio growth that they ignored client exists at their own
peril. MFI field managers were able to compensate for exiting clients by
feverishly adding new clients. In a sense, under pressure from their top bosses
to expand the client base, the MF field managers started making sub-prime micro
loans. With mature clients exiting and new clients joining, without due
diligence, the portfolio quality eroded at a rapid speed and the present crisis
was lurking just around the corner.Credit is not enoughIn addition to sub-prime
lending, the reluctance of the MF sector in providing business development
services (BDS) to MF clients also contributed to the present crisis.In the
context of MF, BDS are usually those services that assist client in maximizing
the return on their micro enterprise. Unless clients are provided BDS ' which
includes programs like financial literacy, advising on enterprise selection,
diversification and technical know-how on how to make the micro enterprise
profitable ' it will be highly unlikely that poor MF clients will be able to
turn up a profit of 25% in the very first years of entrepreneurial activity with
the interest charged on microloans varying between 20-24%.In the absence of BDS,
could it be the case that the main motivation behind obtaining microloans is to
use that money for immediate consumption? According to the UNDP report (2000)
'the hard-core poor, having few assets, are reluctant to take on the risks of
credit, and when they do, it is usually for emergencies and consumption, not for
production.'MFIs that specifically provide microloans to women do, perhaps,
improve women's stature within their households. This is a positive
contribution. But, the impact of many microloans stops with empowerment.
Empowerment in women's status and a tangible value addition in the quality of
life MF clients are two completely different things. There is a real possibility
that women who obtain microloans merely end being a source of borrowed money for
the men in the their family, who use microloans for non-productive
activities.The fact that the nature of microloans is fungible exacerbates this
problem. For instance, if a particular MF client falsely claims that she/he
needs a microloan for starting a micro enterprise, what checks can MFI bring
into effect in order to stop the microloans being diverted towards consumption
purposes? In the absence of BDS, the short answer is none. Against the backdrop
of no BDS, touting the odd case of success in international periodicals might be
helpful for the MFI's image building, but it shall not assist in making tangible
value addition in the lives of MF client or in averting crises.An ideal use of
BDS in improving the quality of lives of MF clients is beings done by the
Bangladesh Rural Advancement Committee (BRAC) since 1972. BRAC, under the
leadership of Mr. Fazle Abid, has developed integrated sector-specific
enterprise development services for illiterate women. For instance, these
services provide MF clients with the following: credit; training in improved
techniques; improved breeds and technologies; technical assistance; necessary
inputs; monitoring and problem solving; marketing of finished goods. According
to a study by Halder in 2003, the overall income levels of MF clients who had
received training through BDS were significantly higher than that of those who
has not received training.New client for microcreditIn the last few years, there
has been increased competition, and along with it, increased overlap in the
sector. In order to cut down on market research which would have enabled the
MFIs to enter virgin territory, a lot of the new MFIs simply located themselves
in the same communities which were being services by the old players. While
increased competition often leads to improved service quality, it created its
own set of problems in this context. Ideally, those borrowers who were clients
of older MFIs should not have been able to simultaneously obtain new microloans
from other MFIs. MFIs' field teams, however, under pressure to continually bring
new clients, often simply gave out loans to the existing clients of the older
MFIs. Such credit overlapping creating myriad problems by increasing the debt of
already leveraged households.However, the problem is more complicated than a
simple lack of due diligence, which might be erroneously inferred from the
above. The fact that there was not, and still is not, a joint customer data base
with information on the borrowers of different MFIs certainly compounded the
difficulty. As the MF sector expanded through the entry of new MFIs, MF clients
could use their microloans as veritable credit lines, using the loan obtained
from MFI B to service the loan they had obtained from MFI A and so on.
Eventually, the situation came to a head as the MF sector reached saturation
locally in terms of both how many new microloans it could give out and in terms
of new MFI entrants into the market. As a result. As a result new microloans,
which were being used to revolve credit by some MF clients, were not available
any more. This put pressure on clients who had used their microloans for
consumption and led to default.Concluding recommendationsIn conclusion, even
though access to subsidized funding is extremely important for the growth of the
MF sector, donor organizations must ensure that the MFIs, under any
circumstances, relax their underwriting standards in order to expand. Donor
agencies, PPAF, for instance must track the performance and impact of their
subsidized funds rigorously instead of only examining financial statements. In
addition, regulators like the Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan
(SECP) and the State Bank, regulator for MFIs and microfinance banks (MFBs)
respectively, must ensure that MFIs and MFBs invest in building excellent
customer care departments as these are essential in raising easing early warning
flags. This would require a paradigm shift as the orientation of the sector
would have to turn inward towards the clients as opposed to being outward
towards the external stakeholders, at the moment. In addition, MFIs and MFBs
should be encouraged to develop integrated and effective business development
services (BDS) in order assist clients in putting microloans towards profitable
uses. Finally, the MF sector should support the effort to develop a centralized
data base, like a Consumer Credit Bureau, which allows them to determine the
credit history of old borrowers and prevent microloan duplication. Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on
news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            October 12, 2008 Sunday

Score, Assets To Qualify City Loans;
Business Training Will Be Prerequisite For Microloan Applicants The Fund Score
Sponsorship Assets Sponsorship Just A Start

BYLINE: Dennis Larison

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 951  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Lancaster SCORE, the organization of volunteer business counselors, has a new
trick up its sleeve when it comes to helping people who want to start a business
- a microloan program in partnership with the city of Lancaster.

People who go through SCORE's training programs, develop a viable plan for a
business within the city and pass the muster of a SCORE review panel will be
sponsored for loans from the city of between $1,000 and $10,000.

"It's a break for us, because no SCORE organization in the country has been
doing this," said Andrew Zourides, the organization's chairman for the past two
years.

ASSETS Lancaster, which also provides business training and counseling, will be
sponsoring microloan applicants, too.

Zourides said he first approached Dennis Stuckey and Craig Lehman about the idea
last year, shortly after they had been elected county commissioners.

He said Stuckey put him in touch with Randy Patterson, the city's director of
economic development and neighborhood revitalization.

Money for the program will come from the city's small business revolving loan
fund, Patterson said.

The fund is a pool of nearly $1 million that has accumulated through repayments
from a now-defunct state economic-zone grant program, he said.

The city still reports to the state each quarter on how many jobs have been
created through the fund.

In the past, Patterson said, the city has used the fund to provide loans to
businesses to fill funding gaps for specific development projects.

About $50,000 a quarter returns to the fund in loan repayments, he said.

About a quarter of the fund, $250,000, is being set aside for the microloan
program.

"The terms will actually be determined on each loan based on the proposal
submitted," Patterson said, "but the likely terms will be somewhere in the
neighborhood of a maximum of 3 percent interest."

In some cases, he added, repayment of the principal may be deferred for a brief
period, based on the cash needs of the business.

"For the most part, the maximum term of the loan will be five to seven years,"
he said.

Patterson and his staff will review the applications, and if they concur with
the sponsoring organization's recommendations, they will approve the loans after
consulting with the mayor and the city's director of administrative services.

Jeff Schaum, a SCORE volunteer who teaches some of the organization's business
workshops and monitors the subsequent success of its clients, will administer
SCORE's portion of the program.

"I will help the client and counselor present their case to the city," Schaum
said.

First, however, the prospective business owner will have to go through SCORE's
business training program and work with one of its counselors to draw up a
business plan to present with the microloan application. The owner will also
have to provide SCORE with a credit rating.

"A lot of people rush into starting a business and have no idea about business,"
Zourides said. "They don't even know what cash flow is."

Once an applicant has a business plan and application in hand, he or she will
have to go before a five-member SCORE panel, which will decide whether to
recommend the application to the city.

The panel will consist of a financial specialist, marketing specialist,
specialist in the applicant's field of business and two other SCORE members,
Zourides said.

The applicant will also be required to sign a contract with SCORE to continue
with its free counseling service for at least two years after obtaining the
microloan and to undergo quarterly evaluations of the business.

"We'll monitor the performance of their sales, profitability, employee count,"
Schaum said. "If there comes a point where they're having trouble, we'll bring a
team together to help them."

No applicants for the loans have stepped forward yet, Schaum said, but SCORE is
"in the process of looking at the current clients in our pool to see if we can
pilot [the program] with them."

ASSETS Lancaster was approached early this year by the city about participating
in the program, said Glenda J. Machia, the organization's president and chief
executive.

ASSETS had its own microloan program years ago, funded through its founding
organization, Mennonite Economic Development Associates, or MEDA, Machia said.

After Community First Fund opened, ASSETS began referring its clients there for
financial assistance, she said.

Like SCORE, ASSETS will require loan applicants to go through its 13-week
business-training program, develop a business plan and seek approval from a loan
committee, Machia said, adding that the details are still being worked out.

"Our graduates don't even know this is happening yet," she said. "My expectation
is that there will be a great demand for this."

As of the end of last year, she said, there were about 80 ASSETS businesses
within the city.

Most of the people who go through the ASSETS training are low income, Machia
said, and a microloan may be just the boost they need to start a business.

"For the population we're working with, $5,000 is a lot of money," she said.

Machia also expects that the businesses that do end up with loans will be
faithful in repaying them.

"Microloans nationally have a 95 percent payback rate," she said. "I expect
we'll have similar success with this program."

SCORE's Zourides looks at the new city microloan program as just the first step
in providing a boost to small businesses countywide.

He said Fulton Bank has also agreed to work with SCORE to evaluate the microloan
recipients for additional loans when the startup requires more than the $10,000
microloan limit.

"The next step is to try to get a couple of banks in the county to provide a
similar program" for startup business outside the city, Zourides said.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Silver City Sun-News

                             March 21, 2005 Monday

Bush budget would cut entrepreneurial funds

BYLINE: Thomas J. Baird

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1131 words


Sun-News bureau chief

Diane Holloway is a successful restaurateur who owns and operates one of the
premier eateries in Grant County, Diane's Bakery and Restaurant on Bullard
Street, in the Historic District of downtown Silver City.

Holloway, who was featured last week in an article in the New York Times
business section, consented to schedule a 7 a.m. Saturday interview with the
Sun-News, despite the fact she had been baking pastries, pies and breads at the
restaurant since midnight in order to fulfill a catering job for the local
Rotary Club, which was holding a fund-raising event Saturday evening.

Despite her entrepreneurial success, the 51-year-old business woman considers
herself first and foremost a pastry chef and baker. She unabashedly admits her
business acumen is limited, however, she was still able to successfully combine
her instincts, desires and chef's training with an idea and a dream that began
to take shape nearly a decade ago.

The dream has now come to fruition, but that might not have been the case
without the help of a $5,000 microloan she secured through the help of the
Women's Economic Self-Sufficiency Team, WESST, and the U.S. Small Business
Administration.

But the proposed Bush administration budget for fiscal year 2006 does not
include a request to continue funding the SBA MicroLoan Program and Holloway is
concerned that other prospective entrepreneurs may not have the same opportunity
to fulfill their dreams.

"It was the MicroLoan Program, which is a program that helps people who have a
good idea, but absolutely no cash," she said, referring to her humble
beginnings. "And I was never real smart in life as far as doing things like
getting credit or worrying about it. So there I was, I wanted to do something, I
had a dream."

The dream was a long time in the making, she said. Over the years, she received
some formal food preparation training by apprenticing at the Technical
Vocational Institute in Albuquerque, as well as San Diego Community College in
California and Maui Community College in Hawaii. She also honed her skills
through the school of hard knocks, with on-the-job learning with the Ritz
Carlton and Stouffers in Maui and the famed El Dorado Hotel in Santa Fe.

"So I had a really well-rounded career," she said. "But like most people here in
Silver City, I chose to live here in the mountains, but I couldn't get a job. I
was told I was over-qualified. There were no jobs available. So I had to create
a job for myself, so I opened a bakery."

She opened on May 1, 1996, with six tables to serve customers. But she was only
able to start the business because of the $5,000 SBA microloan and another
$5,000 loan from a local friend.

"So it was really a $10,000 program, but it was really this MicroLoan Program,
which is one of the programs President Bush is cutting, which is really too
bad," she said.

According to the SBA, the MicroLoan Program provides very small loans to
start-up, newly established or growing small business concerns. Under the
program, SBA makes funds available to nonprofit community-based lenders called
intermediaries, which in turn make loans to eligible borrowers in amounts up to
a maximum of $35,000. The average loan size is about $10,500. Applications are
submitted to the local intermediary and all credit decisions are made at the
local level.

The maximum term allowed for a microloan is six years. However, loan terms vary
according to the size of the loan, the planned use of funds, the requirements of
the intermediary lender and the needs of the small business borrower.

"Because of the microloan, boy, what do I have, 28 employees now? In an
economically challenged state in a really economically challenged county," she
said.

These days, financing would probably not be a problem for her. Not only does she
have a thriving business that has been growing for nearly a decade, but she also
serves on the board of directors for Western Bank, the second oldest financial
institution in the state. It's been a long climb with some big life changes for
her, but she still credits the initial microloan for allowing her to be where
she is today.

But the success is not just about Holloway. The initial $5,000 microloan may
have more far-reaching consequences. The baker-turned-entrepreneur has been able
to hire and retain well-educated and trained staff who might not otherwise be
able to stay in the local area. Additionally, she is helping to fund the
education of others on her staff, so the impact of the initial loan is growing
exponentially.

However, there were other contributing factors to Holloway's success, she said,
including help from her 29-year-old son Bodhi Werber, who is her business
partner and a chef in his own right < and her husband, whose biggest
contribution is patience and understanding, she added.

Werber, who also learned the trade through apprenticeships in California and
Hawaii, left Maui to join his mother at the fledgling Diane's Bakery around
1998, about 18 months into the venture. Back then, he said, Holloway was
devoting all of her time and assets to the business. When her car broke down,
she used a bicycle as her means of transportation for the next three years.

The timing of her son's arrival was fortuitous, she said.

"I started this bakery and then it kind of went from there," Holloway said.
"(Customers) then wanted meat with their bread, then they wanted soup with their
bread and meat, so they forced me into it, because I was really a baker.

"But we were successful enough, so then Bodhi, who was a successful chef in
Hawaii, came over and that's when we got a beer and wine license and opened for
fine dining in the evening," she added. "So it's just been step by step."

Holloway said two things she has learned over the years are not to grow too fast
and not to be cocky. She said she also pays her staff better than most in her
field in a comparable economic environment, which was a lesson she learned early
on.

Thus far, her simple philosophy has kept her feet planted firmly on the ground
and her mind keenly focused on the immediate tasks at hand.

However, nearly a decade into the venture, she is flirting with the idea of
opening another restaurant and Werber is exploring the possibility of opening an
old-fashioned take-out delicatessen, something Grant County doesn't have.

Holloway recently hired her first general manager, which she hopes will bring
more flexibility to her life and possibly time to look at new opportunities.

"I'm hoping this is now going to free up my time to possibly do some new
ventures," she said. "But I'm really tired of working 60 hours a week."

Thomas J. Baird can be reached at tbaird@scsun-news.com or editor@scsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sun-News photo by Thomas J. Baird; Diane Holloway, owner of Diane's
Bakery and Restaurant in Silver City, and her son Bodhi Werber, a chef and her
business partner, were hard at work early Saturday morning preparing for an
evening catering job. Holloway started the business nearly a decade ago with a
$5,000 SBA MicroLoan. The program is now in jeopardy of being scrapped by the
Bush Administration.

                      Copyright 2005 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     February 7, 2004 Saturday Home Edition

Bush budget a threat to microloans

BYLINE: CHRISTINE VAN DUSEN

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 1G

LENGTH: 618 words


Banks didn't want to lend Sharon Knight the $15,000 she needed to get a Dry
Cleaning To-Your-Door franchise off the ground, so she applied for a federally
funded microloan from the U.S. Small Business Administration.

"I probably would have had to sell my house if I hadn't been able to get that
microloan," said Knight, 22, of Pooler. "There was no other way to get the
working capital I needed."

In her area of Georgia, about 200 entrepreneurs apply every year for microloans
--- each worth up to $35,000 --- through microlenders such as the Small Business
Assistance Corp. in Savannah.

But fewer and fewer of the loans have been awarded due to budgetary constraints.
In 2003, the Small Business Assistance Corp. had only enough money to grant
eight.

Next year the number of microloans awarded in South Georgia, and throughout the
state and the nation, could dwindle further --- to zero.

President Bush's proposed budget for 2005 requests that the U.S. Small Business
Administration be given 15 percent less than in fiscal 2004.

The SBA's microloan program would be one of the casualties.

"That's scary," Knight said. "For some small-business owners, especially people
in rural areas like mine, there is no other way to get the money you need."

Bush's budget represents "a travesty for America's small businesses," said Rep.
Nydia M. Velazquez of New York, the ranking Democrat on the House Small Business
Committee.

"Even though small businesses are the No. 1 job creator in this country --- and
jobs are exactly what the American people need right now --- the SBA is one of
the hardest hit agencies in Bush's $2.4 trillion 2005 budget."

The president has proposed cutting the SBA's budget by $119.5 million to $678.4
million for 2005, with zero new funding for microloans, business information
centers and venture capital programs for poor and underserved areas.

Also on the chopping block: the popular 7(a) loan program, which typically
targets borrowers who need upward of $200,000 and are unable to get bank credit
without the SBA's guarantee.

The program, which faced shutdowns and restrictions in recent months, would stay
alive. But no new money would be appropriated. Funding would come solely from
fees charged to the banks and borrowers that participate.

"We think the 7(a) program has been able to do the job that the microloan
program does, not only better but much more efficiently," said Doug Heye,
spokesman for the SBA.

He also points to SBA Express, a program in which banks use the agency's
guarantee to make small loans. The average amount in Georgia is about $31,000.

But these loans often are out of reach for entrepreneurs like Knight, who have
no tangible assets to offer as collateral. The terms and conditions of an SBA
microloan are more lenient.

"With the money I got, I was able to gain over 300 customers, and now I'm
selling the company and I'm getting $125,000," Knight said. "I couldn't have
done that without the microloan."

There are four certified SBA microlenders in the state. Accion USA offers
similarly small loans in Atlanta, funded by nonprofits, foundations and banks
instead of the federal government.

"There's enough business to go around, but when funding gets cut on the seed
level, that puts greater strain on other resources," said Alvin S. Albert,
program director of Accion USA in Atlanta. "If the federal funding goes away,
then entrepreneurs have a lot fewer choices, and there could be a large gap that
may not be serviced.

"You see in statistics that job creation comes from small businesses," he said.
"But I'm not sure how seriously that's being taken by the government."

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: UPS, DOWNS OF LENDING
Microlending in Georgia from 1994 to 2003 (fiscal years):
1994: 33 loans for $513,708
1995: 13 loans for $135,566
1996: 6 loans for $74,500
1997: 4 loans for $66,200
1998: 9 loans for $102,000
1999: 8 loans for $77,214
2000:18 loans for $272,648
2001: 30 loans for $536,193
2002: 27 loans for $381,910
2003: 17 loans for $307,822
Source: U.S. Small Business Administration

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 13, 2015 Monday

Opportunity Fund gets $350,000 for microloans from Community Foundation Santa
Cruz County

BYLINE: Jondi Gumz, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 514 words


April 13--SANTA CRUZ -- Most banks won't bother with requests for small business
loans of $50,000 or less because they are not very profitable, but small
business owners in Santa Cruz County are in luck.

The nonprofit Opportunity Fund, California's leading microlender with offices in
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Jose, has received a $350,000 "charitable
investment loan" from Community Foundation Santa Cruz County to provide capital
for microloans to nonprofit and for-profit entrepreneurs in Santa Cruz County.
This loan at 3 percent interest is due to be repaid by 2020,

"Word is just trickling out," said Opportunity Fund spokeswoman Caitlin McShane.
"We would love a flood of inquiries."

In Santa Cruz County, the loan consultant is Griselda Gil-Solis; the answer on a
loan request comes in a week.

Angel investor Bud Colligan introduced Community Foundation leaders to
Opportunity Fund.

Last year, a $15,000 grant from Community Foundation Santa Cruz County helped
Opportunity Fund make over $744,000 in small business loans ranging from $2,600
to $100,000 to over 40 entrepreneurs in Santa Cruz and Monterey counties.

The new investment resulted as Opportunity Fund was looking for capital and the
foundation was looking for new ways to make an impact.

"We've set aside a portion of our endowment to undertake local investments that
are meant to achieve social good and provide positive financial returns," said
Lance Linares, chief executive officer of Community Foundation Santa Cruz
County.

"Our board is looking for innovative ways to make positive and lasting local
change," added board president Michael O'Farrell. "One way we found is through
investments like the loan to Opportunity Fund to promote the economic vitality
of our county,"

In 20 years, Opportunity Fund has helped more than 8,000 Californians with more
than $80 million in loans to start or grow small businesses. Its loans, less
than $12,000, create and sustain, on average, three new jobs. Repayment rate is
92 percent and business survival rate is 95 percent.

About 87 percent of the microloans go to minority-owned businesses, 47 percent
to businesses owned by women.

In 2010, the U.S. Small Business Adminstration microloan limit was raised from
$35,000 to $50,000. The average microloan in 2014 was $14,210 with an interest
rate of 7.54 percent.

Microloan programs are vital as they provide the capital for start ups and other
smaller capital needs, said Teresa Thomae, who heads the Small Business
Development Center at Cabrillo College, which helped 350 businesses get $5
million in loans last year.

Often entrepreneurs use credit cards, "but this is not always the best option as
interest rates are very high," Thomae said, noting a microloan program aims to
help the borrower "graduate" to larger loan programs as the business grows.

To reach Opportunity Fund, call 831-234-6953 or visit
www.opportunityfund.org/loans.

___ (c)2015 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150413-QC-Opportunity-Fund-gets-350,000-for-microloans
-from-Community-Foundation-Santa-Cruz-County-0413-20150413

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2015 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 1, 2011 Friday

Lake commissioners discuss county microloan fund

BYLINE: John Arthur Hutchison, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


July 01--Lake County commissioners on Thursday discussed a small business
lending fund that aims to provide capital dollars to companies that have had
trouble receiving financing from traditional lenders.

Potential businesses that receive the dollars are typically very small in nature
or start-up companies that have been turned down for loans by banks.

"This is a microloan program and the loans for business that can't typically get
traditional financing," said Jason Boyd during Thursday's commissioners'
meeting.

Boyd, the county's federal grants coordinator and Planning Commission director,
said loans typically don't exceed $25,000 and are generally made to companies
with five or fewer employees.

The Port Authority administers the loan program for the county.

Port Authority Director John Loftus said terms for the microloans are generally
five years, but can be 10 years depending on what the money is used for.

Last month, commissioners and the Port Authority created a new financing program
-- different from the microloan program -- called the county Revolving Loan Fund
that aims to provide larger loans to small businesses that have trouble gaining
access to capital dollars for items such as expansion.

Mentor-based RestorxMD, which specializes in fire and water damage restoration
plus smoke, mold and asbestos abatement, received a $65,000 loan last month to
finance the purchase of a building. The revolving loan fund stipulates that at
least one job per $35,000 lent must be created for a company to be eligible for
a loan.

"We're trying to have a series of financing tools that meet different criteria,"
Loftus said. "It's just a way of filling in a whole variety of gaps.

Commissioner Raymond E. Sines said the microloan program provides an opportunity
for small businesses that might not be able to secure a small loan from their
lender in this economic environment.

"It provides an opportunity," Sines said. "I think we'll have a lot of success
going forward in this program, providing that early help to get the businesses
started and growing."

Commissioner Daniel P. Troy said using federal grant money to help fund the
microloan program is part of a concept by the county to move more from planning
to community development, which is allowable under the federal regulations.

"We're taking our Community Development Block Grant funds or at least a portion
to do this and make this available to not only assist not-for-profits, but
trying to encourage greater economic development and redevelopment of some of
our older communities."

To see more of The News-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-herald.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The News-Herald, Willoughby,
Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110701-WL-Lake-commissioners-discuss-county-microloan-fund-20110701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2011 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 23, 2015 Saturday

Fischer Introduces Bill to Help Struggling Americans Start Their Own Businesses

LENGTH: 511  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Deb Fischer, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senate Small Business Committee member Senator Deb Fischer (R-Neb.) introduced a
new bill this afternoon that would improve the Small Business Administration's
microloan program. The Microloan Act of 2015 helps America's entrepreneurs with
limited resources by increasing flexibility and creating more opportunities for
them to start their own businesses. Access to capital is a major challenge for
startups and small businesses, which are often denied loans by larger investors.

Senator Fischer released the following statement regarding the legislation:

"Without access to capital, too many Americans with limited resources are unable
to build and grow successful small businesses. That is why I am proud to
introduce a new bill to help improve an existing microloan program and create
new opportunities for innovators to pursue the American dream. This common-sense
bill will provide ambitious creators with the tools they need to start their own
businesses, escape poverty, create jobs, and strengthen our families and
communities."

The Rural Enterprise Assistance Project (REAP), which is a program of the Center
for Rural Affairs, Community Development Resources, and the Nebraska Small
Business Collaborative applauded Fischer's bill, stating:

"The Microloan Act of 2015 makes productive changes to the Small Business
Administration Microloan Program and eliminates three provisions that had been
in the statute since its inception and are no longer appropriate. We appreciate
Senator Fischer's hard work on this and look forward to continuing our work with
her on expanding opportunities for Nebraska's small businesses."

Established in 1992 as a Small Business Administration (SBA) pilot program, the
microloan program has loaned over $55 million to nearly 4,000 small businesses
across America. While the program has grown in size, scope, and success, many of
the original provisions of the pilot program remain in effect today. These
provisions have caused burdensome paperwork for both intermediaries and the SBA.
Fischer's Microloan Act of 2015 proposes changes that would eliminate three
provisions that are no longer appropriate:

1.       Eliminate restrictions on the use of microloan technical assistance
grants. This would give intermediaries more flexibility to design support
services and address the needs of their specific borrowers. It would also help
borrowers to plan and prepare for the loans they receive.

2.      Eliminate minimum state allocation formulas to ensure that funds are
distributed more effectively.

3.      Eliminate limits regarding the number of technical grants that can be
used for contracts with third parties. Striking this provision would help
organizations that lack funding to hire full time staff. Through more time and
less bureaucracy, these organizations can better fulfill their grant obligations
with consultants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

DDA/Main Street provies microloans to Cheyenne business, property owners

BYLINE: Becky Orr

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. 9-15 NEWS DDA microloan program::2

LENGTH: 401 words


bkm

Written Wednesday, Sept. 14, 2016

DDA/Main Street provides microloans to business, property owners

At a glance

Downtown business and property owners can apply to the Cheyenne Downtown
Development Authority/Main Street organization for microloans. For more
information, call 307-433-9730.

By Becky Orr

Wyoming Tribune Eagle

CHEYENNE - A soon-to-open downtown computer coding school is the first
beneficiary of a revamped microloan program.

Cheyenne Downtown Development Authority/Main Street operates the program to help
business and property owners within its boundaries.

DDA's board of directors created the microloan program a couple of years ago.
Recently, volunteers with the organization's Economic Restructuring Committee
revamped it.

Array, the new computer coding school, applied for and received a three-year
loan about a month ago. Staff will use the $5,000 loan to buy furniture and
classroom materials for the school's Oct. 3 opening.

"It's a great program," Array Headmaster Eric Trowbridge said, pointing out its
low 1 percent interest rate.

The money will help the school have a "really cool, fun classroom," Trowbridge
said.

The DDA budgeted $25,000 for the microloan program this year, said Sam
Weinstein, the chairman of the Economic Restructuring Committee.

The plan is to provide five $5,000 loans each year and continue the program year
after year. Interest rates will be no greater than the prime lending rate at the
time of the application, but no less than 1 percent.

Any person with a property or business inside the DDA boundaries may apply for a
loan, said Desiree Brothe, DDA's program manager.

The application process requires a face-to-face meeting too. The person who
wants a loan must meet with three members of the committee and one DDA staffer.
Committee members will decide whether to approve the loan.

Applicants must provide information like personal financial statements, tax
returns and business plans.

The loan can't be used to refinance debt, make payroll or pay delinquent taxes.

Organizers view the microloan program as a way to support economic development
downtown.

The program helps businesses do what they need to do without having to go
through the whole process of getting a full commercial loan, Weinstein said.

Becky Orr

is the Wyoming Tribune Eagle's business and health reporter. She can be reached
at borr@wyomingnews.com or 307-633-3183. Follow her on Twitter at @WTEBecky.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                  July 4, 2011

Microloan website funds five startups after launching in Detroit

BYLINE: SHERRI WELCH; swelch@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 5 Vol. 27

LENGTH: 726  words


In yet another sign of the role that nonprofits play in economic development, a
coalition of four nonprofits last week brought to Detroit a Web-based platform
to secure microloans for budding local businesses.

Within three hours of launching last week, www.kiva.org/detroit had brought in
$11,450 in personal loans - some as little as $25 each - and matching loans from
the Miami-based John S. and James L. Knight Foundation for five local startups.

"Local entrepreneurs and small businesses at any stage of development can
benefit" from the Kiva Detroit initiative, said Anuja Jaitly, co-founder and
executive director of Michigan Corps, the nonprofit network of local and global
Michigan supporters that led efforts to bring the San Francisco-based Kiva.org
platform to Detroit.

"If you need capital," Jaitly said, "this site can help you."

Kiva.org launched in 2005 to pull in microloans to help lift people out of
poverty in Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda, before expanding to other developing
countries. In 2009, after the economy collapsed, it opened its website to U.S.
entrepreneurs struggling to find traditional loans.

Over the past six years, more than 596,000 individuals from around the world
have made personal loans totaling more than $224 million through the site.

Nearly 582,000 entrepreneurs from 60 countries have secured microloans through
kiva.org, with an average loan size of $383.

Kiva Detroit marks the first time that a region has invited Kiva.org to bring in
new microloans for small businesses. It also marks the launch of the Kiva City
program, which will take the platform to large cities around the country with
assistance from local support organizations in each.

"One of the biggest issues in finance is really finding people" who need loans,
said Kiva.org co-founder and CEO Matt Flannery.

"Twitter and Facebook blasts don't necessarily reach them."

Community and civic groups represent the ideal partners in reaching
entrepreneurs and small businesses in need of capital, Flannery said.

Michigan Corps is heading efforts to identify entrepreneurs and small businesses
that could benefit, with assistance from the nonprofit Matching Opportunities
and Resources for Entrepreneurs Program, the Detroit Creative Corridor Center,
churches and community leaders such as Slows BBQ owner Phil Cooley.

Said Jaitly: "This partnership is really an opportunity for ... community
leaders to champion small business, first by identifying (entrepreneurs) and
then by lending to them."

The Knight Foundation has committed $250,000 to match individuals' loans made to
Detroit's small businesses through Kiva.org. That gives Kiva Detroit the
potential to bring in at least $500,000 in new capital for small businesses in
the region.

New York-based microlender Accion USA, which provides microloans and financial
education to low- and middle-income individuals, is underwriting all Detroit
microloans, analyzing loans for risk and administering approved loans.

One business that secured a microloan through the Kiva Detroit site is Thrive
Detroit Street Newspaper, which will publish with a goal of supporting Detroit's
homeless community.

Founder Delphia Simmons, who runs a program to help the homeless at Detroit's
Coalition on Temporary Shelter and those who are at risk of becoming homeless,
secured a loan of over $1,200, enabling her to print her first run of 5,000
newspapers.

"I am grateful to Kiva Detroit for unlocking Detroit's greatest asset: our
fellow citizens," Simmons said.

"Our community will thrive as we remain committed to one another's success."

Other local businesses that have received loans through Kiva Detroit include
Brightmoor Bikes LLC, a bike shop run by young people; a local fashion label
operating as Homeslice Clothing; JgBrilliance LLC, doing business as Life Style
Management Concierge Services; and Detroit Brunch LLC, a vegan food cart/café
idea.

Kiva plans to add Detroit businesses seeking microloans to kiva.org/detroit as
applicants are approved for loans by Accion. To determine loan eligibility, the
lender will review criteria such as personal credit histories for entrepreneurs,
the risk associated with their businesses or ideas, and general cash flow,
Jaitly said.

Entrepreneurs and small businesses interested in using kiva.org to raise capital
through microloans, can email kiva@michigancorps.org

Twitter: @sherriwelch

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2011 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Addresses Access to Credit for Veterans,
Young and Beginning Farmers in Texas

LENGTH: 990  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack talked with veterans, young, beginning and
socially-disadvantaged producers today at a community center in San Antonio,
Texas, about USDA's work to expand credit for their farming operations. USDA is
hearing from excited producers all across the country about USDA's new microloan
program, designed to help small and family operations secure loans under
$35,000. Since 2009, said Vilsack, USDA has continued to expand the overall
number of loans to beginning farmers and ranchers as well as its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by significant margins.

"In his recent State of the Union Address, President Obama laid out a vision for
reigniting America's engine of growth and good-paying jobs--the American middle
class," said Vilsack. "As a bright spot in our nation's economy, agriculture
must continue to attract the smartest, hardest-working people in the nation so
we can continue to feed our nation and the world. By further expanding access to
credit to those just starting to put down roots in farming, USDA continues to
help grow a new generation of farmers, while ensuring the strength of an
American agriculture sector that drives our economy, creates jobs, and provides
the most secure and affordable food supply in the world."

USDA announced the new microloan program in January to help small and family
operations, beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers secure loans under
$35,000. The new microloan program is aimed at bolstering the progress of
producers through their start-up years by providing needed resources and helping
to increase equity so that farmers may eventually graduate to commercial credit
and expand their operations. The microloan program will also provide a less
burdensome, more simplified application process in comparison to traditional
farm loans. The interest rate for microloans changes monthly and is currently
1.25 percent.

While USDA continues to introduce new products that are more responsive to the
credit needs of its diverse customer base, the Department continues to expand
its traditional farms loans. In fact, since 2009 USDA has made a record amount
of farm loans--more than 134,000 loans totaling nearly $18 billion. USDA has
increased the number of loans to beginning farmers and ranchers from 11,000
loans in 2008 to 15,000 loans in 2011. More than 40 percent of USDA's farm loans
now go to beginning farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2008.

Through USDA's Strike Force Initiative, the Department is also helping to
relieve persistent poverty in high poverty counties by improving access to
programs and services. Since Strike Force began, farm loans have helped hundreds
of minority producers in high-poverty counties in states with large populations
of minority farmers and ranchers, including Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia,
Mississippi, Nevada, and New Mexico.

For example, in fiscal year 2011, USDA made 959 loans totaling $79 million, with
76 percent going to beginning and socially-disadvantaged producers. In fiscal
year 2012, USDA made 1,144 direct farm loans totaling nearly $91 million to
producers in these high-poverty counties, with 79 percent of the loans going to
beginning and socially-disadvantaged producers--a marked improvement.

These snapshots demonstrate how USDA continues to make year-over-year gains in
expanding credit opportunities for minority, socially-disadvantaged and young
and beginning farmers and ranchers across the United States.

Administered through USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) Operating Loan Program,
the new microloan program offers credit options and solutions to a variety of
producers. FSA has a long history of providing agricultural credit to the
nation's farmers and ranchers through its Operating Loan Program. In assessing
its programs, FSA evaluated the needs of smaller farm operations and any
unintended barriers to obtaining financing. For beginning farmers and ranchers,
for instance, the new microloan program offers a simplified loan application
process. In addition, for those who want to grow niche crops to sell directly to
ethnic markets and farmers markets, the microloan program offers a path to
obtain financing. For past FSA Rural Youth Loan recipients, the microloan
program provides a bridge to successfully transition to larger-scale operations.

Producers can apply for a maximum of $35,000 to pay for initial start-up
expenses such as hoop houses to extend the growing season, essential tools,
irrigation, delivery vehicles, and annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer,
utilities, land rents, marketing, and distribution expenses. As their financing
needs increase, applicants can apply for an operating loan up to the maximum
amount of $300,000 or obtain financing from a commercial lender under FSA's
Guaranteed Loan Program.

USDA farm loans can be used to purchase land, livestock, equipment, feed, seed,
and supplies, or be to construct buildings or make farm improvements. Small
farmers often rely on credit cards or personal loans, which carry high interest
rates and have less flexible payment schedules, to finance their operations.
Expanding access to credit, USDA's microloan will provide a simple and flexible
loan process for small operations.

Producers interested in applying for a microloan may contact their local Farm
Service Agency office.

The Obama Administration, with Agriculture Secretary Vilsack's leadership, has
worked tirelessly to strengthen rural America, maintain a strong farm safety
net, and create opportunities for America's farmers and ranchers. U.S.
agriculture is currently experiencing one of its most productive periods in
American history thanks to the productivity, resiliency, and resourcefulness of
our producers.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                thejournal.co.uk

                     September 26, 2014 Friday 11:11 AM GMT

Million pound boost for Microloan Fund in the North East;
The North East Microloan Fund will be operated by seasoned investment outfit
Rivers Capital, and will continue in the region until December 2015

BYLINE: By Tom Keighley

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 292 words


A fund designed to help North East small business grow has been given a £1m
boost and extended by an extra year.

The North East Microloan Fund will continue to operate in the region until
December 2014 - offering around £2.5m to small businesses.

The Fund, which was previously managed by Entrust, will now by led by
Newcastle-based Rivers Capital.

As part of the wider £125m Finance for Business North East programme managed by
North East Finance, the Microloan Fund offers loans to existing and start-up
stage firms.

Earlier this year North East Finance, in partnership with the Tees Valley and
North East Local Enterprise Partnerships, successfully secured £17.5m of extra
investment for the regional fund from the European Regional Development Fund
along with the Regional Growth Fund.

The extra money also meant the whole regional fund programme was extended until
December next year.

It means Rivers Capital benefit from the Microloan Fund contract and an
extension to its established Angel Fund.

Jonathan Gold, co-founder and director at Rivers Capital, said: "The extension
and extra finance is a real win for the North East and in particular those
companies seeking to grow but struggling to get either mainstream finance or
equity finance.

"By securing the Microloan Fund, we are in a position to work with a wider group
of small, growing businesses across the region, many of whom are just emerging
from the effects of the recession.

"The general ethos of the Microloan Fund won't really change but we will be
putting a greater bias to supporting those businesses that have ambitious growth
plans, wanting to create greater wealth and jobs in the region."

Rivers Capital hopes to support up to 300 small firms across the region before
the end of 2015.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBTJN


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 18, 2013 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Addresses Access to Credit for
Veterans, Young and Beginning Farmers in Texas

LENGTH: 990  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack talked with veterans, young, beginning and
socially-disadvantaged producers today at a community center in San Antonio,
Texas, about USDA's work to expand credit for their farming operations. USDA is
hearing from excited producers all across the country about USDA's new microloan
program, designed to help small and family operations secure loans under
$35,000. Since 2009, said Vilsack, USDA has continued to expand the overall
number of loans to beginning farmers and ranchers as well as its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by significant margins.

"In his recent State of the Union Address, President Obama laid out a vision for
reigniting America's engine of growth and good-paying jobs--the American middle
class," said Vilsack. "As a bright spot in our nation's economy, agriculture
must continue to attract the smartest, hardest-working people in the nation so
we can continue to feed our nation and the world. By further expanding access to
credit to those just starting to put down roots in farming, USDA continues to
help grow a new generation of farmers, while ensuring the strength of an
American agriculture sector that drives our economy, creates jobs, and provides
the most secure and affordable food supply in the world."

USDA announced the new microloan program in January to help small and family
operations, beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers secure loans under
$35,000. The new microloan program is aimed at bolstering the progress of
producers through their start-up years by providing needed resources and helping
to increase equity so that farmers may eventually graduate to commercial credit
and expand their operations. The microloan program will also provide a less
burdensome, more simplified application process in comparison to traditional
farm loans. The interest rate for microloans changes monthly and is currently
1.25 percent.

While USDA continues to introduce new products that are more responsive to the
credit needs of its diverse customer base, the Department continues to expand
its traditional farms loans. In fact, since 2009 USDA has made a record amount
of farm loans--more than 134,000 loans totaling nearly $18 billion. USDA has
increased the number of loans to beginning farmers and ranchers from 11,000
loans in 2008 to 15,000 loans in 2011. More than 40 percent of USDA's farm loans
now go to beginning farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2008.

Through USDA's Strike Force Initiative, the Department is also helping to
relieve persistent poverty in high poverty counties by improving access to
programs and services. Since Strike Force began, farm loans have helped hundreds
of minority producers in high-poverty counties in states with large populations
of minority farmers and ranchers, including Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia,
Mississippi, Nevada, and New Mexico.

For example, in fiscal year 2011, USDA made 959 loans totaling $79 million, with
76 percent going to beginning and socially-disadvantaged producers. In fiscal
year 2012, USDA made 1,144 direct farm loans totaling nearly $91 million to
producers in these high-poverty counties, with 79 percent of the loans going to
beginning and socially-disadvantaged producers--a marked improvement.

These snapshots demonstrate how USDA continues to make year-over-year gains in
expanding credit opportunities for minority, socially-disadvantaged and young
and beginning farmers and ranchers across the United States.

Administered through USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA) Operating Loan Program,
the new microloan program offers credit options and solutions to a variety of
producers. FSA has a long history of providing agricultural credit to the
nation's farmers and ranchers through its Operating Loan Program. In assessing
its programs, FSA evaluated the needs of smaller farm operations and any
unintended barriers to obtaining financing. For beginning farmers and ranchers,
for instance, the new microloan program offers a simplified loan application
process. In addition, for those who want to grow niche crops to sell directly to
ethnic markets and farmers markets, the microloan program offers a path to
obtain financing. For past FSA Rural Youth Loan recipients, the microloan
program provides a bridge to successfully transition to larger-scale operations.

Producers can apply for a maximum of $35,000 to pay for initial start-up
expenses such as hoop houses to extend the growing season, essential tools,
irrigation, delivery vehicles, and annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer,
utilities, land rents, marketing, and distribution expenses. As their financing
needs increase, applicants can apply for an operating loan up to the maximum
amount of $300,000 or obtain financing from a commercial lender under FSA's
Guaranteed Loan Program.

USDA farm loans can be used to purchase land, livestock, equipment, feed, seed,
and supplies, or be to construct buildings or make farm improvements. Small
farmers often rely on credit cards or personal loans, which carry high interest
rates and have less flexible payment schedules, to finance their operations.
Expanding access to credit, USDA's microloan will provide a simple and flexible
loan process for small operations.

Producers interested in applying for a microloan may contact their local Farm
Service Agency office.

The Obama Administration, with Agriculture Secretary Vilsack's leadership, has
worked tirelessly to strengthen rural America, maintain a strong farm safety
net, and create opportunities for America's farmers and ranchers. U.S.
agriculture is currently experiencing one of its most productive periods in
American history thanks to the productivity, resiliency, and resourcefulness of
our producers.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Ivanhoe Times (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 20, 2014

Microloan Cap Grows to $50,000 Starting Nov. 7;
Larger Loan Amount Offers Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Expanded Opportunities

BYLINE: Ivanhoe Times staff

LENGTH: 360  words


St. Paul, Minn - Minnesota Farm Service Agency State Executive Director Debra
Crusoe reminds farmers and ranchers that the FSA borrowing limit for microloans
increased today from $35,000 to $50,000. Microloans offer borrowers simplified
lending with less paperwork. Crusoe said it makes borrowing from FSA a "first
opportunity" to farm or ranch or quickly expand existing operations.

"This will help more people because of new flexibilities created by the 2014
Farm Bill," Crusoe said. "We're especially excited in Minnesota, because we want
to encourage more beginners and young people, especially those from historically
underserved communities, to consider farming and ranching as a way to become
independent businessmen and women. It's a rewarding way to build or expand a
family operation."

The microloan change allows beginning, small and mid-sized farmers to access an
additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application process with up to
seven years to repay. Microloans are part of USDA's continued commitment to
small and midsized farming operations.

To complement the microloan program additional changes to FSA eligibility
requirements will enhance beginning farmers and ranchers' access to land, a key
barrier to entry level producers. FSA policies related to farm experience have
changed so that other types of skills may be considered to meet the direct
farming experience required for farm ownership loan eligibility. Operation or
management of non-farm businesses, leadership positions while serving in the
military or advanced education in an agricultural field will now count towards
the experience applicants need to show when applying for farm ownership loans.

"If you want to comment on our changes to the microloan and loan eligibility,
you have an opportunity to share suggestions," Crusoe said. The comment period
runs through Dec. 8, 2014.

Since 2010, FSA has made a record amount of farm loans -- more than 165,000
loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm loans now
go to beginning farmers. In addition, FSA has increased its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IVN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 Ivanhoe Times


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 26, 2014 Friday

Washington: Microloan Cap Grows to $50,000

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Small Business Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Farm Service Agency (FSA) reminds farmers and ranchers that the FSA borrowing
limit for microloans increased from $35,000 to $50,000, effective Nov. 7.
Microloans offer borrowers simplified lending with less paperwork.

The microloan change allows beginning, small and mid-sized farmers to access an
additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application process with up to
seven years to repay. Microloans are part of USDA's continued commitment to
small and midsized farming operations.

To complement the microloan program additional changes to FSA eligibility
requirements will enhance beginning farmers and ranchers access to land, a key
barrier to entry level producers. FSA policies related to farm experience have
changed so that other types of skills may be considered to meet the direct
farming experience required for farm ownership loan eligibility. Operation or
management of non-farm businesses, leadership positions while serving in the
military or advanced education in an agricultural field will now count towards
the experience applicants need to show when applying for farm ownership loans.

Since 2010, FSA has made a record amount of farm loans -- more than 165,000
loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm loans now
go to beginning farmers. In addition, FSA has increased its lending to
socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

Please review the FSA Microloan Program Fact Sheet for program application,
eligibility and related information.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                      April 10, 2005 Sunday FINAL EDITION

MICROLOAN FUNDING AT RISK, A KEY LENDER SAYS

BYLINE: DAN LAIDMAN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 1035 words


The budget for the Small Business Administration has shrunk by about a third
during the past five years. In February, the Bush administration said it should
be trimmed even more.

The administration says the cuts are necessary to use taxpayer dollars
efficiently in lean economic times. The president's budget proposal contains
modest increases for some business education and counseling programs.

The cuts have sparked bipartisan criticism, though, and a legislative fight is
likely before the budget is finalized later this year. The Senate has already
passed one amendment by Sen. Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, that seeks to restore
funding for SBA functions including the microloan program.

Microloans channel federal money to new or growing businesses via community
organizations, providing small loans of up to $35,000. The administration has
said entrepreneurs would be better served drawing on nongovernmental
microlending programs and seeking out loans from the SBA's flagship 7(a)
program, in which the government partially guarantees larger loans typically
made by banks.

In Alameda, Contra Costa and Solano counties, the microloan program is
administered by the nonprofit Oakland Business Development Corp. The
organization manages numerous small business financing programs in Oakland and
the greater East Bay. Executive Director Michael McPherson spoke with the Times
about this year's SBA budget and how the programs that may be cut affect the
local business community.

Q: What do the microloans offer that other programs like 7(a) don't?

A: There are many, many businesses in the marketplace today who would not have
had the opportunity to start a business if they couldn't have gotten that
$25,000 initial loan, or that $30,000 loan or that $15,000 loan. The 7(a)
program doesn't want to do that. First of all, it's too time-consuming for them.
The paperwork is onerous, and how many banks are going to have their loan
officers do a $15,000 loan when their market is loans that are $150,000 and the
fees that are associated with that? It just doesn't make economic sense for a
bank to want to do that.

Q: Some might look at the amounts of money being disbursed in the microloan
program and wonder how much they can really accomplish.

A: It means everything to the businesses we work with because they have no other
choice but to use this kind of program. Many of them are afraid to go to banks.
They're shut out for reasons like credit score or lack of collateral. It is a
program that gives an individual that leg up to the next level. It offers them
an opportunity. Across this country, thousands and thousands of people who want
to start a business won't have that opportunity if that program goes away.

Q: What would happen to your microloan program if the federal funding is cut?

A: It would go away. Shut down. I don't have the funding to support it.

Q: How many of the microloans that you administer end up defaulting?

A: About 6 percent, which isn't very bad when you're dealing with the type of
clients we're dealing with.

Q: What do you look for in a business when you're deciding whether or not to
grant a microloan?

A: Two things. We look at an individual, and then we're looking at all the
numbers and whether it makes sense. What I'm looking for in an individual is
someone who has enthusiasm, someone who has commitment. A commitment to running
a business, not just to being your own boss. Because when you're running a
business you're not your own boss; you're still a servant to your clients and
your customers. You're working for them.

But there is a level of independence. Entrepreneurs are a very unique breed
because they're very stubborn people, and they're very driven by what they want
to do. You look for that kind of thing. And then you take that piece and you put
it together with their financial information, their business plan and how they
put together information and whether or not they know what they're doing.

Q: Having been at this for a while, is it pretty common to have a budget fight
like this? Or do you see anything different going on in Washington now?

A: No, it's not common at all. This is far different from anything we've ever
had. We anticipate from time to time changes in the Community Development Block
Grant program (which provides some of the Oakland Business Development Corp.'s
funding). There have been some reductions over the years, but we're talking
single digits. (This year's proposals are much larger.)

On the SBA side, you have the same mind-set. You have the head of SBA saying,
well, the microloan program is not worth its salt and you should divert all
those clients to the 7(a) program because it's a better program because that's
what the president wants to hear. (SBA chief Hector Barreto) hasn't been there
long enough to know how effective the program is.

Q: As it has proposed cutting the microloan program, the administration has
raised fees on the 7(a) program to make it self-sufficient so the government is
no longer subsidizing the loans. What do you make of this "self-sufficiency"
argument?

A: There is some value in having self-sufficiency in the programs. But 7(a) is
geared toward people who have money, people who are in larger businesses. It's
geared toward the haves. The microloan program is for the have-nots. And the way
the government is going, the have-nots are being pushed further and further out
of the picture.

Dan Laidman covers small businesses and professional-services firms. Reach him
at 925-943-8263 or dlaidman@cctimes.com.

NAME: Michael McPherson

AGE: 60

ORGANIZATION: Oakland Business Development Corp.

TITLE: Executive Director

LOCATION: Oakland

CAREER: McPherson has worked at the Oakland Business Development Corp. for 24
years. He has led the organization for the past 11 years. Before that, he worked
in sales for 12 years for Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp.

EDUCATION: Bachelor's degree in business and master's degree in business
administration from Pacific Western University.

ONLINE

Listen to Michael McPherson discuss the history of the Oakland Business
Development Corp. online at www.ContraCostaTimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos 1 - 2, Michael McPherson, executive director, Oakland Business
Development Corp. (Gregory Urquiaga, Times)

                       Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                      April 10, 2005 Sunday FINAL EDITION

MICROLOAN FUNDING AT RISK, A KEY LENDER SAYS

BYLINE: DAN LAIDMAN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 1035 words


The budget for the Small Business Administration has shrunk by about a third
during the past five years. In February, the Bush administration said it should
be trimmed even more.

The administration says the cuts are necessary to use taxpayer dollars
efficiently in lean economic times. The president's budget proposal contains
modest increases for some business education and counseling programs.

The cuts have sparked bipartisan criticism, though, and a legislative fight is
likely before the budget is finalized later this year. The Senate has already
passed one amendment by Sen. Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, that seeks to restore
funding for SBA functions including the microloan program.

Microloans channel federal money to new or growing businesses via community
organizations, providing small loans of up to $35,000. The administration has
said entrepreneurs would be better served drawing on nongovernmental
microlending programs and seeking out loans from the SBA's flagship 7(a)
program, in which the government partially guarantees larger loans typically
made by banks.

In Alameda, Contra Costa and Solano counties, the microloan program is
administered by the nonprofit Oakland Business Development Corp. The
organization manages numerous small business financing programs in Oakland and
the greater East Bay. Executive Director Michael McPherson spoke with the Times
about this year's SBA budget and how the programs that may be cut affect the
local business community.

Q: What do the microloans offer that other programs like 7(a) don't?

A: There are many, many businesses in the marketplace today who would not have
had the opportunity to start a business if they couldn't have gotten that
$25,000 initial loan, or that $30,000 loan or that $15,000 loan. The 7(a)
program doesn't want to do that. First of all, it's too time-consuming for them.
The paperwork is onerous, and how many banks are going to have their loan
officers do a $15,000 loan when their market is loans that are $150,000 and the
fees that are associated with that? It just doesn't make economic sense for a
bank to want to do that.

Q: Some might look at the amounts of money being disbursed in the microloan
program and wonder how much they can really accomplish.

A: It means everything to the businesses we work with because they have no other
choice but to use this kind of program. Many of them are afraid to go to banks.
They're shut out for reasons like credit score or lack of collateral. It is a
program that gives an individual that leg up to the next level. It offers them
an opportunity. Across this country, thousands and thousands of people who want
to start a business won't have that opportunity if that program goes away.

Q: What would happen to your microloan program if the federal funding is cut?

A: It would go away. Shut down. I don't have the funding to support it.

Q: How many of the microloans that you administer end up defaulting?

A: About 6 percent, which isn't very bad when you're dealing with the type of
clients we're dealing with.

Q: What do you look for in a business when you're deciding whether or not to
grant a microloan?

A: Two things. We look at an individual, and then we're looking at all the
numbers and whether it makes sense. What I'm looking for in an individual is
someone who has enthusiasm, someone who has commitment. A commitment to running
a business, not just to being your own boss. Because when you're running a
business you're not your own boss; you're still a servant to your clients and
your customers. You're working for them.

But there is a level of independence. Entrepreneurs are a very unique breed
because they're very stubborn people, and they're very driven by what they want
to do. You look for that kind of thing. And then you take that piece and you put
it together with their financial information, their business plan and how they
put together information and whether or not they know what they're doing.

Q: Having been at this for a while, is it pretty common to have a budget fight
like this? Or do you see anything different going on in Washington now?

A: No, it's not common at all. This is far different from anything we've ever
had. We anticipate from time to time changes in the Community Development Block
Grant program (which provides some of the Oakland Business Development Corp.'s
funding). There have been some reductions over the years, but we're talking
single digits. (This year's proposals are much larger.)

On the SBA side, you have the same mind-set. You have the head of SBA saying,
well, the microloan program is not worth its salt and you should divert all
those clients to the 7(a) program because it's a better program because that's
what the president wants to hear. (SBA chief Hector Barreto) hasn't been there
long enough to know how effective the program is.

Q: As it has proposed cutting the microloan program, the administration has
raised fees on the 7(a) program to make it self-sufficient so the government is
no longer subsidizing the loans. What do you make of this "self-sufficiency"
argument?

A: There is some value in having self-sufficiency in the programs. But 7(a) is
geared toward people who have money, people who are in larger businesses. It's
geared toward the haves. The microloan program is for the have-nots. And the way
the government is going, the have-nots are being pushed further and further out
of the picture.

Dan Laidman covers small businesses and professional-services firms. Reach him
at 925-943-8263 or dlaidman@cctimes.com.

NAME: Michael McPherson

AGE: 60

ORGANIZATION: Oakland Business Development Corp.

TITLE: Executive Director

LOCATION: Oakland

CAREER: McPherson has worked at the Oakland Business Development Corp. for 24
years. He has led the organization for the past 11 years. Before that, he worked
in sales for 12 years for Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp.

EDUCATION: Bachelor's degree in business and master's degree in business
administration from Pacific Western University.

ONLINE

Listen to Michael McPherson discuss the history of the Oakland Business
Development Corp. online at www.ContraCostaTimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos 1 - 2, Michael McPherson, executive director, Oakland Business
Development Corp. (Gregory Urquiaga, Times)

                       Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             August 25, 2013 Sunday

WEB ENTREPRENEUR KEEPS RISING

BYLINE: SAMANTHA FUCHS, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NORTH OF TAMPA; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 593 words

DATELINE: ODESSA



HIGHLIGHT: A microloan gives a local businessman the boost he needed.


When Gil Gauthier's wife texted him to say that UPS had left 30 shipping boxes
filled with shoes on their doorstep, he knew he needed more space. The
42-year-old entrepreneur had been using his garage as a warehouse to store
apparel and electronic items, which he sold online as a hobby.

Before he knew it, his casual online sales turned into a business opportunity.

Gauthier started 301 Designs Inc., which sells apparel and other items on
websites including Amazon, Sears, eBay, Newegg, and Rakuten (formerly Buy.com).
The company, Clothesoutkings.com, recently signed a deal to offer watches on
Best Buy's website and Gauthier hopes to one day sell on Walmart's website as
well.

As Gauthier's interest in online sales grew, the Department of Homeland Security
employee returned to school to learn all he could about the field. He completed
a bachelor's degree in business administration with a concentration in
e-commerce and went on to earn an MBA in 2012. That same year, he rented a
1,200-square-foot warehouse to store his quickly growing inventory. By December,
he was approved for a Pasco Economic Development Council microloan, and a month
later he moved into a warehouse that was double the size of the first.

"(A microloan is) a loan that's given out in small amounts," said John Walsh,
vice president of Pasco EDC. "So our cap, the most we would lend to anybody,
would be $35,000. It's designed to help them get through a certain period of
growth."

Since the EDC began offering microloans in March last year, nine small business
owners have borrowed a combined total of $211,000. Gauthier is the first to
repay his loan, 17 months ahead of schedule.

"The requirements are a bit easier than it would be from a bank," said Hap
Fairman of Pasco-Hernando Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE), a
nonprofit organization that provides support for small business owners. "They
are making loans that a bank will not make."

Fairman helped Gauthier navigate the process of applying for the microloan and
is now helping him explore real estate options as he looks to expand from his
present warehouse.

"(Gil) has the makings of a salesman, though he sells online," Fairman said. "He
is doing very well. He's a great example of an entrepreneur, the American dream.
I am very proud of Gil."

Gauthier used the $25,000 microloan to cover equipment, including new software
to manage his inventory.

"A microloan helps you as long as you have a solid business plan and you
understand how to use the funds to benefit your company," he said.

He has since been approved for a larger loan from Synovus Bank, which Walsh says
is a perfect example of how the microloan program should function. Gauthier
plans to put his new loan toward purchasing in larger bulk quantities, as well
as new equipment, a new warehouse to rent or own, and hiring more employees.

Gauthier loves his job with Homeland Security and has no plans to leave.
Instead, he hopes to eventually set up an infrastructure that wouldn't require
him to be involved in 301 Designs' day-to-day activities.

"If I have the staffing in place, if I have the infrastructure in place, if I
have the logistics in place, I don't see why I can't still do my job," Gauthier
said.

Samantha Fuchs can be reached at sfuchs@tampabay.com or (727) 869-6235.

* * *

FAST FACTS

Where to shop

To shop 301 Designs' products, visit stores.ebay.com/clothesoutkings, or search
"clothesoutkings" on Amazon, Sears.com, Rakuten.com and newegg.com.
Clothesoutkings.com, the company's website, is under construction and will be
completed by September.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - BRENDAN FITTERER - Times: Gil Gauthier, 42, has turned a hobby
into a growing business called 301 Designs, which sells apparel and other items
online.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               SEEDS Together Inc


                                     Ghana

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.seedstogether.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   SEEDS Together aims to connect hard-working, rural entrepreneurs in Ghana
with socially-minded donors around the world, using donor funding to offer
low-interest microloans to farmers, artisans, and skilled professionals in the
form of inexpensive physical assets.  How does SEEDS Together work? Browse our
database of entrepreneurs, organized by village and profession. Choose to
sponsor the entrepreneur(s) that inspire you most - you can sponsor an entire
microloan or shares of the total amount. Once an entrepreneur's microloan is
fully funded, the SEEDS Together team provides him/her with his/her new
productive assets, lessons on developing a basic, sustainable business plan, and
guidelines for repaying the microloan value into the communal account. You, the
donor, receive a video Thank You from your chosen entrepreneur confirming the
receipt of the microloan assets. Your entrepreneur repays the value of the
low-interest microloan - these repayments are used to fund additional microloans
in the same community and much-needed improvements to communal infrastructure
(schools, sanitation facilities, wells, etc.). Follow-up videos and photos of
your sponsored entrepreneur are posted on the SEEDS Together website every few
months, providing proof that your donation helped improve economic conditions,
business efficiency, and quality of life for your sponsored entrepreneur. You,
the inspired donor, help the SEEDS Together cause by sharing your experience
with others!

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                               May 5, 2013 Sunday
                                 NORTH EDITION

Microloans for startups hard to find;
Funding scarce for small entrepreneurs

BYLINE: Lonnie Shekhtman, Correspondent

SECTION: BUSINESS MATTERS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1194 words


A new convenience store inconspicuously situated at the corner of Pleasant and
Ashland streets carries a mix of American and Middle Eastern brands of canned
foods, condiments, sweets, teas and more.

The store's name, Uncle Sam, is modestly advertised on handwritten signs - in
English and Arabic - in the bottom left-hand corner of the storefront window.

Store owner Dheyaa Alkhamees named it in honor of his kids and their beloved
uncle Sam, his brother, who helped fund the new store. At the time, this refugee
from Iraq had no idea that Uncle Sam happens to be a widely used nickname for
the United States.

Mr. Alkamees, his wife and three kids came to Worcester about three-and-a-half
years ago, via Syria, as refugees from Iraq. At first, he worked for little to
no pay as a goldsmith, a profession he had dedicated 40 years of his life to in
Baghdad. But opening his own goldsmith shop was prohibitively expensive, so he
decided to open a convenience store instead.

The Uncle Sam convenience store opened in January, joining nine other
refugee-run businesses in the Worcester area, and 35 total in Massachusetts,
that have secured startup funding through a microenterprise program managed by
Lutheran Social Services of New England. LSS is a Worcester organization that,
among other programs, helps resettle refugees and provides services to help them
adjust to American life.

In the past three years, LSS has distributed at least $100,000 to refugee
entrepreneurs, who run grocery stores, barbershops, day care centers, auto
repair shops and other small businesses, said Lisa Ann Brennan, small business
development manager at LSS.

The organization provides highly sought-after startup capital that's largely
missing from the landscape of business lending in this country, particularly for
immigrants with little or no credit history. LSS also offers training and
assistance in writing business plans, securing licenses and permits, marketing
and applying for traditional bank loans.

After trying, and failing, to get a loan from a local bank, Mr. Alkamees
qualified for a $3,000 loan from LSS, with a 6 percent interest rate and
36-month repayment schedule. He also borrowed about $20,000 from his family,
including his brother, Sam.

In the world of microbusinesses, usually defined as those that employ fewer than
five people and require loans of less than $100,000 to get started, Mr. Alkamees
is lucky. Generally, such tiny amounts of critical financing for mom-and-pop
shops are largely unavailable.

Bob Hoover, a long-time business counselor with the Worcester chapter of SCORE,
a national nonprofit that provides free small business mentorship, says that the
local chapter counsels 400 to 500 small business hopefuls a year. Most are
looking to start businesses in the retail or service sectors, he said, and
struggle with accessing funds.

"Most of the larger banks are not lending to small businesses, despite the
bailout," Mr. Hoover said. "So we always advise our clients to go to the smaller
community banks for lending support, or credit unions."

Large banks aren't the only roadblock to credit, though. According to the U.S.
Small Business Administration all banks - cooperative, savings, savings and loan
associations, and commercial - are restricting lending. At the same time,
borrowers are doing less borrowing, as they steer clear of accumulating debt in
a continuously uncertain economy.

According to the SBA's latest annual report on the state of small business
financing in the United States, released in July 2012, the number of microloans
outstanding decreased from $170.2 billion in 2008 to 139.6 billion in 2011.
Microloans are defined by the SBA as loans totaling less than $100,000.

The concept of authentic microlending, distributing tiny loans to impoverished
entrepreneurs, has been in practice for decades in the developing world. In this
country, the microfinance industry began to mature in the 1990s, when Venezuelan
microfinance pioneer Accion International opened its doors in New York to help
those with no credit history, or damaged credit, work their way up the economic
ladder.

Today, Accion has branches all over the country, including in Boston, its U.S.
headquarters, and is joined by hundreds of other microfinance projects and
organizations that became increasingly popular after the 2008 U.S. banking
crisis dried up credit.

The city of Worcester handed out its first microloan in the amount of $30,000 in
1993. Since then, the city's Executive Office of Economic Development has
distributed 29 of these loans, ranging from $5,000 to $30,000. The average
interest rate is around 4 percent, with a five- to 10-year repayment period.

The money for the loans comes from a $4 million Community Development Block
Grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. This grant is
split among several citywide programs, says Paul D. Morano Jr., director of the
city's Division of Business Assistance.

The microloan program shares $150,000 of the federal grant with storefront and
facade grant programs, which have awarded 39 grants since 2000 for street-level
storefront renovations.

The storefront programs have been so popular, Mr. Morano said, that the city had
to reduce the maximum amount of its microloans to $10,000 a couple of years ago,
in order to free up cash for storefronts.

But a smaller slice of the funding pie seems to be more than enough these days,
considering that the city hasn't distributed a microloan since 2011, and only
four in the last five years.

The microloan program was criticized in a 2011 Telegram & Gazette article for
being ineffective, as it grappled with missing payments and bankruptcies.

Regardless, businesses are welcome to apply, but Mr. Morano recommends that they
consider city loans as a last resort.

"The city's microloan program is really geared toward gap financing. We're the
last stop, not the first stop for businesses," he said.

He recommends that businesses try to get conventional financing first, and
approach the city only if they are denied.

Unfortunately, the people who are eligible for city microloans (low- and
moderate-income people with an urgent need, and who are working to prevent or
eliminate slums or blight, according to HUD eligibility requirements) are
unlikely to secure conventional financing.

So in cases where institutional money is out of the question, Mr. Hoover, of
SCORE, recommends borrowing from family and friends, as Mr. Alkhamees did.

"A lot of people are hoping for that," Mr. Hoover said.

Self-financing is also an option for people who are good at saving.

Amy Lynn Chase, the 32-year-old owner of Crompton Collective, an antiques mall
on Green Street in the Canal District, said that because of her business model,
she didn't need significant startup capital and invested about $3,000 of her own
money to cover a cash register, seating, a credit card machine, and other
equipment.

Her rent is covered by antiques dealers, who rent space in her warehouse.

Ms. Chase said Crompton is her third self-funded business.

"I would rather not borrow," said Ms. Chase. "It's just easier if your assets
are in it. It's less scary if you're controlling everything."

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART
(P) T&G Staff Photos/CHRISTINE PETERSON; (C) T&G Staff/DON LANDGREN JR.
(PHOTO 1) Nazek Alzihiri and her husband Dheyaa Ilkhamees are the owners of the
Uncle Sam convenience store at 151 Pleasant St. in Worcester. The couple
received a microloan from Lutheran Social Services of New England to help open
the store. (PHOTO 2) Amy Lynn Chase is the owner of Crompton Collective, an
antiques mall at 138 Green St. in Worcester that she started with her own money.
(CHART) Declining microloans in U.S.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                 March 13, 2017

Microloans give women entrepreneurs a boost

BYLINE: Sherri Welch; swelch@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 3 Vol. 33

LENGTH: 988  words


Microloans and a pitch competition launched by the Michigan Women's Foundation
over the past few years to support women entrepreneurs are quietly helping to
create jobs.

The foundation is among a growing number of groups making small, high-risk loans
of under $50,000 to entrepreneurs that banks won't touch.

The loans are helping people like Jess Sanchez McClary, founder of McClary Bros.
drinking vinegars, get an early start they might not otherwise have had because
their credit isn't good enough, they have little or no collateral and often
haven't produced any revenue yet.

With a $40,000 loan from the foundation made in 2015, McClary was able to
purchase a semi-automatic bottle-labeling machine and to make a part-time
employee full-time.

Perhaps more importantly, the loan boosted her confidence, McClary said, and
helped her establish business credit. It was the first loan she secured for her
startup, then three years old.

"We went from having to have cash up front to being able to get net terms and
getting 30 or 45 days to pay for materials," McClary said.

That made a huge difference in the company's cash flow and set it on a path for
growth.

McClary Bros. is one of 85 companies that have benefited from $1.23 million in
microloans made by the foundation since mid-2014 and/or $335,000 in prize money
awarded through its business plan pitch competition over the past five years.

At the end of last year, all but two of the companies were operating, with a
collective 232 employees, according to newly released information from the
foundation.

Largely woman-owned startups, with just over half also minority-owned, the
companies went on to leverage an additional $7 million in funding.

Collectively, they reported just under $9.5 million in revenue for 2016.

The foundation's fledgling microloan program is funded with state microloan fund
dollars, Community Reinvestment Act funds from local banks and donations from
the foundation's "Power of 100 Women" group of donors. It's helping women who
would not otherwise have had the funding needed to launch a business.

"We're breaking through that barrier, giving access to capital to people who
could never have gotten it before," said President and CEO Carolyn Cassin.

Made through the foundation's $1.29 million revolving loan fund, the microloans
are high-risk, made to people who could not get a bank loan, she said.

Applying for a loan is really intimidating for a lot of entrepreneurs, said
McClary, who was turned down for a conventional loan through her bank before
applying for the Michigan Women's Foundation loan.

"It's very scary to feel like you're just going to be told no."

It wasn't until three years after the launch of her business that McClary, then
a participant in the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses initiative, felt
confident enough to approach the Michigan Women's Foundation for a microloan.

Armed with new knowledge of how to put together a strong business plan proposal
for funding, she applied and secured the three-year, $40,000 microloan from the
foundation in a matter of weeks.

Alternative lenders like the Michigan Women's Foundation are lending to "the
human side," assessing each person and their idea, rather than just the numbers,
McClary said.

The loan was a turning point for her young company.

Today, McClary Bros.' drinking vinegars are served in more than 1,000 locations
across 27 states. The Detroit-based company employs five people and has posted
between $500,000 and $550,000 each of the past two years. It's set to more than
double revenue this year as it moves into private label products, McClary said.

Since launching the microloan program in 2014, the foundation has made 52 loans.
This year, it's set a target to do 36, Cassin said.

The loans range from $2,500-$50,000, with an average loan amount of $23,800.

While six or seven of the companies loaned money are behind in their payments,
none have gone into default or walked away, Cassin said. The foundation is
modifying payment amounts to help those struggling to afford the payments and
offering extra support to help them expand their businesses.

"Women are a good investment. They pay their money back," Cassin said.

A big part of what's helping the companies the foundation has invested in
succeed is guidance from its network of 400 mentors, most of whom are women,
Cassin said.

Mentors work with startup companies and others looking to grow to develop
business plans and strategies. They also pick the finalists for the "Dolphin
Tank" business plan pitch competition, a gentler version of the television show
"Shark Tank," along with the winners.

In addition to its women's entrepreneurship programs, the Michigan Women's
Foundation provides youth programming to help develop the next generation of
women leaders and leads fundraising efforts to fund testing of the Detroit
Police Departments' thousands of backlogged rape evidence kits, in addition to
its programs supporting women entrepreneurs. It's operating on a $2.2 million
budget this year.

The results the Michigan Women's Foundation is seeing with its microloans and
other entrepreneur programming are comparable to those of another NEI grantee,
ProsperUs Detroit, NEI Director Pamela Lewis said in an email.

ProsperUs, an entrepreneurial training and small business lending program for
Detroit residents, is a collaboration between Global Detroit, Southwest
Solutions and other community groups.

Since 2014, it has made $500,000 in microloans to 29 businesses, which have
since created 75 jobs, Lewis said.

Those organizations, with others, like Kiva Detroit, are among an increasing
number of alternative lending models entering the Detroit market, she said.

Since May 2015, Kiva, through its fiduciary, the Build Institute, has made loans
totaling $146,450 to 24 individuals.

"We see significant potential in programs like these for growing new jobs and
businesses in our region," Lewis said.

Twitter: @SherriWelch

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2017 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Zionsville Times Sentinel (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 24, 2011 Wednesday

RDC approves small business microloan project

BYLINE: Andrea Cline, Zionsville Times Sentinel, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 620 words


Aug. 24--A small business bailout is being formed in Zionsville.

The Zionsville Redevelopment Commission voted Monday, Aug. 22, to approve a
small business microloan program.

The program is designed to help out small business within the Zionsville
Economic Development Area by using money collected from TIF revenue. The
commission will take that money and then deposit it into a Microloan Program
Fund. The program will have $200,000, which can be given out to small businesses
within tthe town limits.

"It gives us another economic tool for incentive for improvements,"
Redevelopment Commission President Mike Latz said. "It's an incentive and
economic tool for downtown merchants to make improvements."

According to the resolution put before the commission, the program will "promote
the commercial vibrancy of the community and strengthen the economic viability
of the town by providing business loans to small businesses within the town."
The fund hopes to provide a way of financing businesses that have had trouble
receiving financing through more traditional means, Latz said.

"We will get $200,000 out of the TIF," Latz said. "We can give anywhere between
$5,000 and $25,000 to each business for various projects."

Projects that could be financed by the microloan fund could include but are not
limited to acquiring land or buildings, completing interior improvements and
purchase equipment such as phone systems, tables, chairs, or kitchen equipment,
and signage.

Limitations for the money coming from the fund would include using the money to
finance exterior building improvements, working or operating capital, projects
that are also dependent on other funding, or if a business does not meet the
definition of a "small, for profit business."

According to the resolution, this type of business was originally defined as
"any private business that will employ 25 or fewer full time employees and has
less than $2 million in projected gross revenues."

After discussion, the commission decided to change it to a business that would
have less than 25 full time employees or less than $2 million in projected gross
revenues since there are some small businesses that could easily make that much
money.

To oversee the loans given out to small businesses, the commission must create a
"MLF Loan Committee." This committee will have no more than seven voting members
with up to four of those members coming from a local lending institution. The
rest of the committee will be comprised of people who live within the corporate
limits of Zionsville. The people on this committee must be approved by the
Zionsville Redevelopment Commission. Each term will be on a year to year basis.

According to the resolution, the State Bank of Lizton will be administering the
loans. The bank will have "no risk because the money will be drawn from the
Zionsville RDC MLF account." The bank will collect all administration fees,
application fees and closing fees. The bank will then deposit the principle and
interest portions of the payments into the Zionsville RDC MLF account after each
payment.

While the funds would not be available until next year, the commission did
discuss trying to get the resolution before the council to include this year as
well.

"We havenit had the time to market this and let people know that itis coming,"
said Dax Norton, executive director of the Boone County Economic Development
Corp.

The Zionsville Town Council will vote on a separate resolution to approve the
program at their next meeting on Sept. 6 at Zionsville Town Hall, 1100 W. Oak
St.

___ (c)2011 Zionsville Times Sentinel (Zionsville, Ind.) Visit Zionsville Times
Sentinel (Zionsville, Ind.) at timessentinel.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110824-ZV-RDC-approves-small-business-microloan-project-0824-20110824

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZV


                    Copyright 2011 Zionsville Times Sentinel


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                    February 17, 2005 Thursday FINAL EDITION

CONGRESS SPLITS ON SBA BUDGET;
MANY LAWMAKERS VOICE CONCERN OVER PROPOSAL TO ELIMINATE MICROLOAN PROGRAM FOR
SMALL BUSINESSES

BYLINE: DAN LAIDMAN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 785 words


Larry Chevez often paid $100 a day to rent machinery in the early years of his
janitorial business. When the Pittsburg man sought bank loans he was turned away
because his company was not established enough, but in 1999 he secured a $25,000
"microloan" from the Small Business Administration and bought his own cleaning
equipment.

"If I didn't have that money I would have had no way to buy the equipment," said
Chevez, whose Chela Janitorial Services now has 15 employees.

The microloan program is marked for elimination in the budget the Bush
administration sent to Congress this month. It is among a number of measures
geared toward small businesses set to be cut or trimmed as part of the
administration's effort to reduce spending to shrink the budget deficit.

"The SBA's fiscally responsible FY 2006 request is good for small businesses and
good for the American taxpayer," said Hector V. Barreto, the administrator of
the SBA, in a statement.

But the proposed cuts have drawn the ire of Democrats and have split
Republicans. The divisions are likely to be on display today as the Senate's
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship holds hearings on the White
House's budget request for the SBA.

"This administration has already cut the SBA more than any other federal agency,
and this year's budget hurts small businesses even more," said Sen. John F.
Kerry, D-Mass., the ranking Democrat on the committee, in a statement.

The Republican chairwoman of the committee, Sen. Olympia J. Snowe, R-Maine,
praised parts of the Bush proposal but criticized others on terms similar to her
colleagues across the aisle.

"I am disappointed that this budget disproportionately cuts essential SBA
programs continuing a trend in cuts that is more pronounced than other agencies
have experienced," Snowe said in a statement.

One such targeted program Snowe wants to keep is the microloans. Whereas the
vast majority of loans backed by the SBA come in relatively large amounts and
are granted by banks to established businesses, the microloan program generally
funnels smaller sums to start-ups through community organizations.

"They provide that seed capital that's so hard to come by in the very
beginning," said Michael McPherson, executive director of the Oakland Business
Development Corp., the non-profit that distributes SBA microloans in the East
Bay.

The organization currently has about 40 clients in its portfolio with an average
loan of $12,000, McPherson said. The microloans are important for entrepreneurs
who prefer dealing with a non-profit rather than a bank for a variety of
reasons, he said.

Raul Cisneros, an SBA spokesman based in Washington, defended the cuts, saying
many more small loans are made through the SBA's flagship, bank-based 7(a)
program than through the microloan program.

"And there are some 600 non-governmental microlenders in the country as well,"
Cisneros said.

Rep. Nydia Velazquez, D-N.Y., the ranking member of the House Small Business
Committee, told the Times in an e-mailed statement that the microloan program
has helped women, minorities and the very poor transition into business
ownership.

"Cutting a program like this that has lower default rates than conventional bank
loans, and generates revenue that far exceeds the federal government's
investment, is just not right," she said.

Velazquez's Republican counterpart, Rep. Don Manzullo, R-Ill., the chairman of
the House Small Business Committee, supports the bulk of the president's budget
request but has diverged on a different issue. While the White House has called
for an end to the Small Business Investment Company participating securities
program, a form of venture capital for small businesses, Manzullo would like to
see it continue.

"We're going to be sitting down to try and work out some legislation to salvage
the program," said Rich Carter, a spokesman for Manzullo. "We think it's an
important program."

Cisneros, the SBA spokesman, said the program has lost billions of dollars.

"We want to be very prudent on these programs," he said, "particularly in how
they impact the taxpayer."

Other proposals that have drawn criticism, mostly from Democrats, include cuts
to Women's Business Centers, Native American outreach assistance programs, the
Program for Investment in Microentrepreneurs, Business Information Centers and
the Manufacturing Extension Partnership.

Cisneros said the budget does include a "modest increase" in funding for
business education and counseling programs known as "technical assistance."

Dan Laidman covers small businesses and professional-services firms. Reach him
at 925-943-8263 or dlaidman@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug of Snowe

                       Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                    February 17, 2005 Thursday FINAL EDITION

CONGRESS SPLITS ON SBA BUDGET;
MANY LAWMAKERS VOICE CONCERN OVER PROPOSAL TO ELIMINATE MICROLOAN PROGRAM FOR
SMALL BUSINESSES

BYLINE: DAN LAIDMAN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 785 words


Larry Chevez often paid $100 a day to rent machinery in the early years of his
janitorial business. When the Pittsburg man sought bank loans he was turned away
because his company was not established enough, but in 1999 he secured a $25,000
"microloan" from the Small Business Administration and bought his own cleaning
equipment.

"If I didn't have that money I would have had no way to buy the equipment," said
Chevez, whose Chela Janitorial Services now has 15 employees.

The microloan program is marked for elimination in the budget the Bush
administration sent to Congress this month. It is among a number of measures
geared toward small businesses set to be cut or trimmed as part of the
administration's effort to reduce spending to shrink the budget deficit.

"The SBA's fiscally responsible FY 2006 request is good for small businesses and
good for the American taxpayer," said Hector V. Barreto, the administrator of
the SBA, in a statement.

But the proposed cuts have drawn the ire of Democrats and have split
Republicans. The divisions are likely to be on display today as the Senate's
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship holds hearings on the White
House's budget request for the SBA.

"This administration has already cut the SBA more than any other federal agency,
and this year's budget hurts small businesses even more," said Sen. John F.
Kerry, D-Mass., the ranking Democrat on the committee, in a statement.

The Republican chairwoman of the committee, Sen. Olympia J. Snowe, R-Maine,
praised parts of the Bush proposal but criticized others on terms similar to her
colleagues across the aisle.

"I am disappointed that this budget disproportionately cuts essential SBA
programs continuing a trend in cuts that is more pronounced than other agencies
have experienced," Snowe said in a statement.

One such targeted program Snowe wants to keep is the microloans. Whereas the
vast majority of loans backed by the SBA come in relatively large amounts and
are granted by banks to established businesses, the microloan program generally
funnels smaller sums to start-ups through community organizations.

"They provide that seed capital that's so hard to come by in the very
beginning," said Michael McPherson, executive director of the Oakland Business
Development Corp., the non-profit that distributes SBA microloans in the East
Bay.

The organization currently has about 40 clients in its portfolio with an average
loan of $12,000, McPherson said. The microloans are important for entrepreneurs
who prefer dealing with a non-profit rather than a bank for a variety of
reasons, he said.

Raul Cisneros, an SBA spokesman based in Washington, defended the cuts, saying
many more small loans are made through the SBA's flagship, bank-based 7(a)
program than through the microloan program.

"And there are some 600 non-governmental microlenders in the country as well,"
Cisneros said.

Rep. Nydia Velazquez, D-N.Y., the ranking member of the House Small Business
Committee, told the Times in an e-mailed statement that the microloan program
has helped women, minorities and the very poor transition into business
ownership.

"Cutting a program like this that has lower default rates than conventional bank
loans, and generates revenue that far exceeds the federal government's
investment, is just not right," she said.

Velazquez's Republican counterpart, Rep. Don Manzullo, R-Ill., the chairman of
the House Small Business Committee, supports the bulk of the president's budget
request but has diverged on a different issue. While the White House has called
for an end to the Small Business Investment Company participating securities
program, a form of venture capital for small businesses, Manzullo would like to
see it continue.

"We're going to be sitting down to try and work out some legislation to salvage
the program," said Rich Carter, a spokesman for Manzullo. "We think it's an
important program."

Cisneros, the SBA spokesman, said the program has lost billions of dollars.

"We want to be very prudent on these programs," he said, "particularly in how
they impact the taxpayer."

Other proposals that have drawn criticism, mostly from Democrats, include cuts
to Women's Business Centers, Native American outreach assistance programs, the
Program for Investment in Microentrepreneurs, Business Information Centers and
the Manufacturing Extension Partnership.

Cisneros said the budget does include a "modest increase" in funding for
business education and counseling programs known as "technical assistance."

Dan Laidman covers small businesses and professional-services firms. Reach him
at 925-943-8263 or dlaidman@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug of Snowe

                       Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Commissioners approve $200k for microloan fund for small business

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 237 words


Dec. 16--The Board of Weld County Commissioners has approved $200,000 to go to
the Weld County Microloan Fund to help provide cash to small businesses and
start-ups in Weld.

The $200,000 invested by Weld will be matched by the Colorado Enterprise Fund,
totaling $400,000 worth of new funding, according to a news release issued
Friday. Through this program, the commissioners also will partner with the East
Colorado Small Business Development Center. Capital from these funds can be used
for startup expenses, operations, equipment and inventory purchases, property
improvements, or the purchase of a business or franchise. The Weld microloan
fund is intended to provide capital to business owners who do not quality for
bank financing, the release stated.

The small business development center offers services in 13 counties across
eastern Colorado, but half of all activity they experience comes from Weld
applicants, the release stated. In 2016, 10 new small businesses opened their
doors in Weld, creating 87 new jobs.

Small business owners interested in receiving a loan from the microloan fund
must first become clients of the small business development center. More
information on this can be found at:
http://www.eastcoloradosbdc.com/sustaining-your-business.

___ (c)2016 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161216-GY-Commissioners-approve-200k-for-microloan
-fund-for-small-business-1216-20161216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2016 Greeley Tribune


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

SBA Expands Microloan Program

LENGTH: 286  words

DATELINE: Texas


Promotional Products Association International has issued the following news
release:

The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) has published a final rule for its
Microloan Program that provides more flexibility to SBA nonprofit
intermediaries, expands the pool of microloan recipients and increases
accessibility in SBA programs. The change will make small businesses that have
an owner who is currently on probation or parole eligible for microloan
programs, aiding individuals with the highest barriers to traditional employment
to reenter the workforce.

"Small-business ownership and self-employment are paths toward wealth creation
and independence," says SBA spokesman Miguel A. Ayala. "This option can be
particularly useful for citizens who may have difficulty finding employment
after returning to their community from prison. With millions of Americans
looking to start over after incarceration or move past their criminal records,
the SBA is removing barriers so that citizens can achieve economic security and
be successful members of society."

SBA's Microloan Program is focused on startups and minority and other
underserved markets, and provides loans up to $50,000 to help small businesses
and certain not-for-profit childcare centers start up and expand. The average
microloan size is approximately $13,000.

This action supports the goals of the Federal Reentry Council to reduce barriers
to employment and reduce recidivism.  It also implements key recommendations of
the President's My Brother's Keeper Initiative to increase access to jobs,
reduce violence, and provide a second chance.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                             March 27, 2005 Sunday

Small packages

BYLINE: Evan Pondel

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 760 words


http://media.mnginteractive.com

http://media.mnginteractive.com

Flippers and a snorkel werent enough to help Don Kreuter kick-start his
land-and-sea photography business.

Having lived in the Caribbean for two decades, he returned to his native Long
Beach and soon realized his seaworthy legs didnt impress the loan officers who
were looking for watertight credit.

Thats when he sought the advice of the Community Financial Resource Center,
which helped him secure a small-business loan that totaled just $500.

Known as a microloan, the product is opening doors for entrepreneurs who lack
stellar credit but need a little seed money to start a business or propel an
existing one. And while microloans have been around for several years,
Californias treasurer is touting a home-grown program that he claims will keep
more businesses in the state.

The California Capital Access Program responsible for helping people like
Kreuter secure capital has financed nearly $1 billion since the programs
inception a decade ago. About $2.5 million in loans fall into the micro
category, ranging between $500 and $40,000.

The popularity of CalCAPs microloans has grown nearly twentyfold in the last
five years, and economists say thats a function of a lackluster economy and more
attention by California State Treasurer Phil Angelides. The Treasurers Office is
responsible for administering the program.

Its been hugely successful, said Glenn Yago, director of capital studies for the
Milken Institute, a Santa Monica-based think tank. The program has enabled
businesses to survive, and if it wasnt around many wouldnt have been able to
open.

Kreuter is all too familiar with the fragility of business these days. Because
of his stint in the Caribbean, it was difficult to establish his credit history,
making him an unlikely candidate for a traditional bank loan.

But the Community Financial Resource Center, a CalCAP microloan partner, isnt
bound by the same rules governing large banks. They dont access tax records and
credit scores to determine if someone is eligible for a loan, according to
Isabel Duran, a San Pedro-based manager for the CFRC.

CalCAP has partnered with about 10 of these nonprofit financial groups
throughout the state, each seeking to promote community development.

Often, lower-income communities are underserved by banking institutions because
of the financial risk associated with the population, Yago said. But CalCAP
mitigates the risk by contributing to loan-loss reserve pools at the CFRC and
several partner banks, essentially providing enough financial backing to reduce
the lenders' risk. The lender also benefits by establishing a business
relationship with an entrepreneur who could potentially drum up even more
business.

The default rate on CalCAP microloans ranges between 3 percent and 4 percent.
The industry standard is approximately 8 percent to 12 percent.

This is a real model program, one that other states have followed. But the
program also deserves to be expanded in the state, and that can only be done by
bringing in more liquidity, said Yago, noting that Michigan, Kansas, New York
and Oregon have replicated the program.

The question is whether the interest rates on CalCAP microloans is worth the
borrowers time. The rates vary from lender to lender, spanning 4.25 percent to
10 percent. Duran said even though the CFRC microloans dont reach the levels of
banks, the Los Angeles-based group does report borrowers payment histories to
credit rating bureaus. And people can certainly look at banks for loan options
if their credit improves with us, she said.

Sal Perez, president of American Muscle Cars in Ontario, is in the process of
repairing his credit history through a CalCAP-backed microloan. After filing for
bankruptcy protection, Perez said it was difficult to receive any kind of loan,
let alone a microloan.

But then a loan officer at Union Bank of California told him about the CalCAP
product. Perez filled out the necessary paperwork and about six months ago he
received a loan for $10,000.

Its not a lot and I could probably burn through the thing in a week, but it has
made me financially wiser with my money, Perez said.

Mario Gallo, a senior vice president of Small Business Services at Union Bank,
said borrowers have limits on what CalCAP loans can be used for, but it
certainly helps us manage a portfolio that we would not have normally been able
to fund.

Evan Pondel can be reached at [818] 713-3662, or by e-mail at
evan.pondel@dailynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sal Perez, president of American Muscle Cars Inc. in Ontario, got help
through the state's microloan program, which aids small businesses. [Staff photo
by Will Lester]

                                 Copyright 2005


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

North Central Mass. Development Corp., Assabet Valley Chamber partner on
microloan program

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 605 words


FITCHBURG -- The North Central Massachusetts Development Corp. and the Assabet
Valley Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday announced a new partnership to bring
additional micro lending resources closer to young companies in the Assabet
Valley Region of Massachusetts.

The collaboration involves the North Central Mass. Development Corp. providing
start-ups and existing small businesses in the Assabet Valley communities with
access to its microloan financing programs, which provide loans of up to
$150,000 to help businesses that may not meet the traditional lending standards.

The Assabet Valley Chamber of Commerce will provide the North Central Mass.
Development Corp. with marketing support in their communities and a presence in
their Hudson office for their loan officers to counsel potential clients.

"We are very pleased to be partnering with the North Central Massachusetts
Development Corporation to support small businesses here in Assabet Valley,"
Sarah Cressy, president and CEO of the Assabet Valley Chamber of Commerce, said
in a statement announcing the partnership. "These microloans will provide
entrepreneurs in our area with the capital and technical assistance they need to
start or expand their business."

Roy M. Nascimento, president and CEO of the North Central Massachusetts
Development Corp., also hailed the partnership.

"Our microloan program has had a profound impact on our business community in
North Central Massachusetts," Nascimento said. "We have a long and successful
history of supporting small businesses with financial resources and technical
assistance. We are excited to partner with the Assabet Valley Chamber of
Commerce to continue to expand our lending and help support the small and
emerging businesses that help drive the economy forward."

The North Central Massachusetts Development Corp. is a non-profit corporation
certified by the U.S. Small Business Administration, and the U.S. Department of
the Treasury under the Community Development Financial Institutions Program. The
corporation works in partnership with local banks, credit unions, chambers of
commerce and area nonprofits to support emerging microenterprises, small
businesses and community projects with loans and business assistance.

Since 1996, the NCMDC has granted more than $4.3 million in loans to small
businesses to help grow jobs and the economy in 26 communities in the North
Central Massachusetts region. In addition, these funds were leveraged with local
financial institutions providing $14.8 million of their funds and local
investors and business owners providing another $3.2 million. Thousands of new
jobs have been created in the region as a result of the loans made.

Microloan programs have become increasingly important to the business community
since the economic collapse in 2008 that put more restrictions on how banks can
serve small business loans.

Microloans made by the NCMDC can be used for working capital, leasehold
improvements, machinery and equipment, furniture and fixtures, and refinancing
of business credit card debt.

Eligible businesses include manufacturing, retail, wholesale, and service
businesses usually having five employees or less at the time of application and
meeting the definition of small business.

The interest rates are flexible, but generally close to the current fixed market
rate.

NCMDC loan officers will be available via appointment to serve the needs of new
clients in the Assabet Valley region. To schedule an appointment, please contact
the NCMDC at 978-353-7607 or contact the Assabet Valley Chamber of Commerce at
info@assabetvalleychamber.org or 978-568-0360/978-875-0197.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sarah Cressy, president and CEO of the Assabet Valley Chamber of
Commerce, and Roy Nascimento, president and CEO of the North Central Mass.
Chamber of Commerce announced it is partnering to provide microloans for small
businesses. PHOTO COURTESY OF NORTH CENTRAL MASS. CHAMBER OF COMMERCE Sentinel
and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site.
Sarah Cressy, president and CEO of the Assabet Valley Chamber of Commerce, and
Roy Nascimento, president and CEO of the North Central Mass. Chamber of Commerce
announced it is partnering to provide microloans for small businesses. PHOTO
COURTESY OF NORTH CENTRAL MASS. CHAMBER OF COMMERCE Sentinel and Enterprise
staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

Obama Cabinet Official to Commemorate MLK day in Chicago

LENGTH: 376  words


Washington, D.C.: US Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:

On Monday, January 19, Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet, the head of the U.S.
Small Business Administration (SBA) will be in Chicago to commemorate Martin
Luther King Jr. National Day of Service and announce the latest
federally-approved microlender serving Chicago's South Side. SBA and the City of
Chicago are investing over $750,000 to significantly expand financial
opportunities for local businesses and to create new jobs on the south side.
This funding will quadruple its existing capacity to finance and counsel small
businesses and new startups.

As a result of the City's commitment to microlending over the last couple of
years, $1.6 million in loans has been distributed to 179 businesses and the
program continues to support more small businesses as repayments are made. In
2014, SBA microlenders issued 3,919 loans totaling more than $55 million to
infuse capital into underserved communities around the country.

About SBA's Microloan Program

SBA facilitates access to capital, counseling and contracting opportunities to
the nation's 28 million small businesses. SBA's Microloan program provides loans
up to $50,000 to help small businesses and certain not-for-profit childcare
centers start up and expand. The average microloan is about $13,000. SBA
provides funds to specially designated intermediary lenders, which are nonprofit
community-based organizations with experience in lending as well as management
and technical assistance. These intermediaries administer the Microloan program
for eligible borrowers. Microloans can be used for: working capital, inventory
or supplies, furniture or fixtures, and machinery or equipment.
WHO     SBA Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet
WHEN     Monday, January 19, 2015

WHERE


9:40 AM

10:00 AM

1:00 PM


Remarks to City Year Volunteers

Gage Park High School,5630 S Rockwell St, Chicago, IL 60629

Service Project at Gage Park High School

Microloan Announcement

Ain't She Sweet Café, 526 E. 43rd Street, Chicago, IL 60653
HOW     RSVP to Miguel Ayala - Miguel.ayala@sba.gov (link sends e-mail)  -
202-450-0148

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Fund management firm set to extend its reach

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 72

LENGTH: 314 words


A NEWCASTLE business fund manager is extending its reach across the region to
help more firms ambitious and expanding firms access finance.

Rivers Capital, which has helped more than 400 North East companies via
investments from the Angel and Microloan funds, has opened an office in
Middlesbrough to make companies on Teesside more aware of the Microloan Fund and
the extra finance it has to distribute to eligible firms.

Jonathan Gold, co-founder and director at Rivers Capital, which recently took
over the Microloan contract, said: "We have received a growing number of
enquiries from companies in the Tees Valley, in places such as Middlesbrough,
Stockton and Redcar & Cleveland.

"While we have retained our Newcastle headquarters, we felt that it was
appropriate to open an office in Teesside to further improve our service
offering to clients in that part of the region."

Around £4m of the £6.5m Microloan Fund has been invested in 338 companies across
the region, leaving a further £2.5m to invest before the end of next year. The
fund typically provides loans of £1,000 to £25,000 and works exclusively with
businesses that have struggled to secure mainstream finance.

Mr Gold said: "The Microloan Fund is ideal for companies that require additional
capital to grow their business but have been unable to secure finance from high
street banks.

"It has already helped dozens of companies but there is still plenty of cash
left to invest in firms that are looking to expand their operations."

The Microloan Fund is one of a seven-strong suite of funds that make up the
£142.5m Finance for Business North East (FFBNE) programme, which was launched in
2010 by North East Finance to boost business growth, create jobs and oil the
wheels of the local economy.

Rivers also manages the £7.5m FFBNE Angel Fund, a specialist earlystage seed
fund that invests in new and established small companies.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Left to right, Jonathan Gold, direc- <B tor, Peter Hiscocks, director,
and Dr John White, chief executive

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2014 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                thejournal.co.uk

                      October 24, 2014 Friday 3:36 PM GMT

Newcastle business fund manager Rivers Capital opens Middlesbrough office;
Newcastle business fund manager Rivers Capital is now aiming to help more
Teesside firms to grow

BYLINE: By Coreena Ford

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 318 words


A Newcastle business fund manager is extending its reach across the region to
help more firms ambitious and expanding firms access finance.

Rivers Capital, which has helped more than 400 North East companies via
investments from the Angel and Microloan funds, has opened an office in
Middlesbrough to make companies on Teesside more aware of the Microloan Fund and
the extra finance it has to distribute to eligible firms.

Jonathan Gold, co-founder and director at Rivers Capital, which recently took
over the Microloan contract, said: "We have received a growing number of
enquiries from companies in the Tees Valley, in places such as Middlesbrough,
Stockton and Redcar & Cleveland.

"While we have retained our Newcastle headquarters, we felt that it was
appropriate to open an office in Teesside to further improve our service
offering to clients in that part of the region."

Around £4m of the £6.5m Microloan Fund has been invested in 338 companies across
the region, leaving a further £2.5m to invest before the end of next year.

The fund typically provides loans of £1,000 to £25,000 and works exclusively
with businesses that have struggled to secure mainstream finance.

Mr Gold said: "The Microloan Fund is ideal for companies that require additional
capital to grow their business but have been unable to secure finance from high
street banks.

"It has already helped dozens of companies but there is still plenty of cash
left to invest in firms that are looking to expand their operations."

The Microloan Fund is one of a seven-strong suite of funds that make up the
£142.5m Finance for Business North East (FFBNE) programme, which was launched in
2010 by North East Finance to boost business growth, create jobs and oil the
wheels of the local economy.

Rivers also manages the £7.5m FFBNE Angel Fund, a specialist early-stage seed
fund that invests in new and established small companies with growth potential.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBTJN


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           August 26, 2009 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Microloans to offer help to small U.S. businesses

BYLINE: DEBBIE BLOSSOM, Business Writer<br>dblossom@opubco.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 779 words


The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act will funnel $50 million for loans and
$24 million for technical assistance into the U.S. Small Business
Administration's Microloan program to increase access to capital for small
businesses.

The program is shifting to money from the ARRA after exhausting the $20 million
in loans and $20 million in technical assistance designated for 2009.

With the additional resources, SBA is focused on adding new lenders and
encouraging entrepreneurs to seek out SBA-backed microlenders to finance their
businesses.

The program provides a critical source of capital for entrepreneurs, including
women, low-income individuals and minorities, who often have difficulty
obtaining capital to start and grow their businesses, SBA Administrator Karen
Mills said.

"With these resources, we can put more entrepreneurs and small-business owners
in a position to succeed and create jobs that will in turn help drive our
nation's economic recovery," Mills said.

In Oklahoma, four lenders can provide microloans, and some are seeing an uptick
in requests.

At the Tulsa Economic Development Corp. in Tulsa, which serves Oklahoma County,
program manager Tara Martin said there are more people looking for help.

"In the past few weeks, we have seen an increase in requests for information
about the microloan program," Martin said. "We are exceptionally excited,
because any opportunity we have to secure more resources for small business is
worthy of celebration."

Stacie Pace, program director at microlender Little Dixie Community Action
Agency in Hugo, said low credit scores and tightening at banks have made it
harder to find funding.

"This additional funding will give us the opportunity to help more small
businesses," Pace said. "We have seen an increase in the number of people who
are coming to us looking for loans."

Overcoming problems

Banks are sometimes reluctant to finance startups, and low credit scores can
hurt an entrepreneur these days, she said.

But Little Dixie is able to help small businesses rebuild credit by making small
credit-building loans of $500 to $1,000 to finance or expand their business.

"And then we work with them on their credit issues so they are able to qualify
for loans in the future," Pace said.

The program is especially important to entrepreneurs looking for help with
working capital and acquisition of materials, supplies and equipment.

While the infusion of money is targeting small-business ventures, the new
funding also could encourage more lenders to enter the program, said Darla
Booker, public information officer at the SBA office in Oklahoma City.

SBA also provides grant funding to microlenders to finance technical assistance
and counseling programs for their borrowers, including staff, classroom training
and occupancy costs. SBA's reimbursement is capped at 25 percent of the
microlender's outstanding SBA loan portfolio.

Organizations interested in becoming SBA microlenders must meet specific
criteria in terms of organizational status, microlending experience and matching
requirements from nonfederal sources. Booker said.

BACKGROUND

ABOUT THE PROGRAM

The Microloan Program provides very small loans to startup, newly established,
or growing small-business ventures. Under the program, SBA makes funds available
to nonprofit community based lenders, or intermediaries which make loans up to
$35,000, with the average loan size at about $13,000. All credit decisions are
made on the local level.

TERMS, INTEREST RATES AND FEES

The maximum term allowed for a microloan is six years. Loan terms vary according
to the size of the loan, the planned use of funds, the requirements of the
intermediary lender, and the needs of the small-business borrower. Interest
rates vary, depending upon the intermediary lender and costs to the intermediary
from the U.S. Treasury. Generally the rates are between 8 and 13 percent.

DEFINITIONS

&rarr;Collateral: Business owners contemplating application for a microloan
should be aware that intermediaries generally will require some type of
collateral and the personal guarantee of the business owner.

&rarr;Technical assistance: Each intermediary is required to provide
business-based training and technical assistance to its microborrowers.
Individuals and small businesses applying for microloan financing may be
required to fulfill training and/or planning requirements before a loan
application is considered.

OKLAHOMA MICROLOAN CENTERS

&rarr;Greenwood

Community Development, Tulsa

&rarr;Little Dixie

Community Action, Hugo

&rarr;Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma Inc., Durant

&rarr;Tulsa Economic Development Corp., Tulsa

SOURCE: Small Business Administration



LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic w/photo: Small business loan (woman drawing bar graph)
Photo (Page 1B): (loan application form)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Chiswick Green Studios

                             58 Chiswick High Road
                                 London W4 1SY
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +44 20 8995 9862
URL: www.chiswickw4.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Good things often happen in Chiswick, but pedalo limited, a Chiswick based
web design company and MicroLoan Foundation, a local charity have joined forces
to make good things happen in sub-Saharan Africa. MicroLoan is an innovative
charity which provides small business loans as well as training and support for
African women.  The work done by the MicroLoan Foundation and its supporters has
helped to bring smiles to the faces of women wanting to start their own small
businesses and is making a real difference to people's lives.  The relationship
between pedalo and MicroLoan began back in 2002 when pedalo donated their
services to create www.microloanfoundation.org.uk. The site has recently been
re-launched and is an essential tool in helping MicroLoan publicise their good
work around the world.  Joshua Perry, CEO, of MicroLoan comments that "The key
to the relationship has been that like us they understand the importance of
being both local and global. If we need to discuss our requirements face to
face, or publicise a Chiswick event, they are always happy to pop over for a
chat. Yet when it comes to creating an international web presence they
understand what is required - so much so that around half of our website hits
now come from outside the UK."  Pedalo limited has been based in Chiswick since
2000 and has an established presence in the web design services market.
Director, Guy Courtney says "When I came across MicroLoan I thought it was such
a fantastic charity that I de

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The News Virginian (Waynesboro, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 18, 2008 Wednesday

Staunton business granted $96.5K

BYLINE: Jimmy LaRoue, The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 365 words


Jun. 18--STAUNTON -- Charlie Cubbage's two-person power tool repair business on
West Beverley Street is just the type of business the Staunton Creative
Community Fund is designed to help.

Cubbage, a retired deputy fire marshal and owner of Charlie's Tool Repair,
started his business in 1994 following classes he took through Blue Ridge
Community College and James Madison University. He specializes in repairing
power tools for contractors, school divisions and other businesses.

Receiving $5,000 through SCCF's microloan fund -- enhanced yesterday by a
$96,500 federal grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development
-- Cubbage says the microloan will be the next step in growing his business.

"It becomes a resource that's invaluable, number one," Cubbage said. "Number
two, [it's] limitless, because the microloan ... it's just the beginning,
because now it establishes me with an organization that could possibly help me
to take my business ... God knows what. The sky's the limit now."

He plans to use the microloan to hire an accounting firm and to help him
establish service contracts.

Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Roanoke), who helped facilitate the grant, said it will
further small business growth.

"With the awarding of this grant, and its partnerships with other entities, SCCF
is building entrepreneurial development opportunities for emerging small
businesses that will assist business owners working to turn their dreams into
viable, sustainable parts of our local economy," Goodlatte said.

The city of Staunton, along with its Industrial Development Authority,
kicked-started SCCF's microloan program with $85,000 last fall, according to
SCCF Executive Director Tony Smith.

Microloan amounts run anywhere from $1,000 to $35,000 in the United States.

To see more of The News Virginian or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsvirginian.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The News Virginian,
Waynesboro, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080618-NX-Staunton-business-granted-96.5K-0618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NX


                       Copyright 2008 The News Virginian


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           December 7, 2005 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

For aid, just help yourself

BYLINE: Matt Wade

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Insight; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1074 words


Shunned by traditional lenders, people in the Third World can now get
low-collateral loans to help them improve their lives. The results are
encouraging, as Matt Wade reports.

THE First World's reaction to great natural disasters, such as the Boxing Day
tsunami, the Niger famine and the Pakistan earthquake, and to Third World
poverty generally, is usually monetary aid.

At the United Nations General Assembly in September the Prime Minister, John
Howard, vowed to double the overseas aid allocation to about $4 billion a year
by 2010, as Australia joined other wealthy nations in pledging billions of
dollars in additional aid and debt relief for poor countries.

But this year has also been the UN's International Year of Microcredit - a
scheme to promote the use of tiny loans to help impoverished families increase
their incomes. While it has received less attention than natural disasters and
political rhetoric, this method of helping the poor is flourishing.

A report released today by the poverty advocacy group RESULTS found that more
than 92 million people in developing countries were granted microloans last
year. Of those, 66.6 million were classified as very poor - surviving on less
than $US1 ($1.34) a day.

Microcredit is the provision of small, collateral-free loans and other financial
services, mostly to very poor women who would normally be excluded from
mainstream financial institutions. Loans of about $150 to $200 are used to start
or expand small income-generating activities.

The State of the Microcredit Summit Report says the number of very poor people
receiving a small loan grew from 7.6 million in 1997 to last year's 66.6
million, an average annual growth of 36 per cent.

It is possible that 100 million people will receive a microloan this year -
that's five times the population of Australia. The report estimates that more
than 80 per cent of microloans for the poor are taken by women. "The increase
represents an additional 45.3 million poorest women reported as receiving
microloans in the last five years," it says.

Bangladesh, once synonymous with famine and natural disasters, has become the
showpiece for the effectiveness of microcredit. Millions of microloans have been
made in Bangladesh and research by the World Bank, an advocate of microfinance,
has concluded they have been crucial in reducing poverty in that country.

A World Bank researcher, Shahidur Khandker, studied three Bangladeshi groups
that provide microcredit - the Bangladesh Rural Advancement Committee, Grameen
Bank and a government program called RD-12. Khandker concluded that 3 per cent
of clients got out of poverty each year because of their microloans and that
microcredit accounted for 40 per cent of the reduction of moderate poverty in
rural Bangladesh.

The UN Development Program's Human Development Report found that Bangladesh had
overtaken its giant neighbour India in reducing child mortality, despite having
lower average incomes and a lower economic growth rate. It said Bangladesh had
achieved rapid human development and the prevalence of microcredit had helped.

Microcredit had been especially important in expanding choice and empowering
women. "While disparities still exist, women have become increasingly powerful
catalysts for development, demanding greater control over fertility and birth
spacing, education for their daughters and access to services," the Human
Development Report says.

Microcredit for the poor was first tried in the early 1970s and has become an
integral part of the drive to alleviate poverty. Initially, the idea of using
loans to help the poor was treated with suspicion by many aid agencies. But the
strategy's success in generating income for poor families meant it could not be
ignored.

Most big aid agencies now have microcredit projects. Thousands of organisations
specialising in microcredit have also emerged.

Opportunity International, which made more than a million microloans last year,
says the average loan in developing countries is about $180 over six months. It
says 87 per cent of its loans go to women and each loan affects more than seven
people on average. It has a global repayment rate of 98 per cent - better than
many commercial banks.

Many microcredit organisations resemble traditional financial service firms,
carrying banking licences and offering a range of products for poor clients,
such as insurance. There are also ratings companies that assess the
credit-worthiness of the major microcredit organisations. Some of the world's
biggest financial firms, such as Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, ABN Amro, HSBC and
ING have recently become involved in microcredit.

RESULTS Australia says microcredit can help the world achieve one of the
Millennium Development Goals - to halve the number of people living on less than
$US1 a day by 2015.

"Microfinance, while not a panacea, is still the best tool we have to reduce
poverty among the very poor," the RESULTS report says.

However, the Australian Government devotes a surprisingly small amount to this
form of poverty alleviation - $14 million of its $2.5 billion aid budget.
Considering the Howard Government's philosophical commitment to small business,
this is peculiar.

The national manager of RESULTS Australia, Maree Nutt, says more Government
money must be put into microcredit. "The percentage of Australian aid funding
allocated for microfinance has reached a plateau in recent years. Our goal is to
see an increase in spending to around $40 million per year within the next two
years. This could bring its allocation to around 1.2 per cent - not
unreasonable, given its effectiveness in helping to reduce poverty, particularly
in the lives of very poor people."

Bruce Billson, who, as the parliamentary secretary for Foreign Affairs and Trade
is responsible for the aid program, says he is all for microcredit and has
indicated there will be further spending on it. "Our commitment to microcredit
is significant and it is an important part of our overall aid program. I'm
optimistic we are going to see more support going into this area."

Nutt wants the Government to concentrate new spending on helping small-loan
providers to get started or to expand their capacity. "Our aid funding can play
an important role in this initial phase," she says. "Once a program begins to
cover costs, more funds for future expansion can be accessed from commercial and
private investors. The donor can make its exit but the service remains."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Power source ... women have taken up most of the microloans that
are helping to reduce poverty in countries such as Bangladesh. Photo: Matt Wade

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            September 7, 2014 Sunday

Microloans key to growing small businesses

SECTION: REFLEJOS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 387 words


Small firms are vital to the private sector workforce. They create two out of
every three new jobs and contribute to much of the technology innovation. To
grow, they need capital, yet small business lending has declined steadily since
the 2008 recession.

Increasingly, microloans, made through non-profit, community-based
organizations, are the preferred loan source for small businesses. In general,
the average loan size is $7,000 to $10,000, depending on the microlender and
other factors. Here are some basics.

Who offers microloans? In Chicago, the primary micro-lenders are Accion Chicago,
Chicago Neighborhood Initiatives and the Women's Business Development Center. In
the collar counties, go to Illinois small business development centers.
Traditional banks often refer smaller loans out to non-profits. While most
micro-lenders also offer business counseling, the Women's Business Development
Center also provides workshops, individual business counseling and help in
getting corporate and government contracts.

Are there restrictions on how microloans can be used? Microloans can be used for
working capital and to buy equipment and other necessary assets to fuel business
growth. They cannot be used for loan consolidation and the refinancing of
existing debt. Some lenders have other restrictions, for example, on buying real
estate.

How can I increase my chances of getting one? A good candidate is over 21, has a
business operating license, can demonstrate an understanding of industry
conditions, and have collateral such as cash savings, equipment and a second
home mortgage. Lenders also consider an applicant's background, character and
credit rating, and whether the applicant is delinquent in child support payments
or taxes.

How long does it take to get a microloan approved? It varies. At the WBDC, if an
application is complete and thorough, it usually takes 30 days or less for
approval and 45 days to close the loan.

What kind of repayment terms should I expect? Loan terms are typically 5 years
or less; interest rates, usually below 12 percent, are determined by the
personal credit score of the borrower.

Janice Lopez is director of the WBDC's Women's Business Center. She oversees the
group's Latina Business Program and Early Childhood Education Entrepreneurship
Program. Email her at jlopez@wbdc.org

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Zionsville Times Sentinel (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday

Council to vote on rezoning, microloan

BYLINE: Matt Werner, Zionsville Times Sentinel, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 447 words


Aug. 31--The Zionsville Town Council will vote on the rezoning of land for
commercial use for an apartment complex on U.S. 421 and a microloan program at
their next meeting Tuesday, Sept. 6.

The council discussed both proposals at their agenda meeting on Monday, Aug. 29.

REI Real Estate Services wants to rezone nearly 12 acres of land at U.S. 421 and
Bennett Parkway from commercial use to build a 219-unit apartment complex that
will target young professionals relocating to Zionsville for business purposes.
If approved, construction is expected to start this fall.

Councilor Valerie Swack said she is worried how many new students would be added
to the Zionsville Community Schools as a result of this increase in residential
population. She said she wondered if the number of new students from that area
would force redistricting.

"It is a surprisingly low number of new students that will be coming in,"
Councilmen Steve Mundy said. "I think the reason for that is the number of
one-bedroom apartments that will be in the complex. The density is also lower
than previous proposed      developments."

The change in ordinance was given a favorable recommendation by the Zionsville
Plan Commission at their meeting on Monday, Aug. 15.

The council will also be voting on a microloan program to be established for
small businesses.

The microloan program will have $200,000 for improvements to small businesses in
the tax increment financing zone.

"This money will be used to help refurbish businesses," Councilwoman Candace
Ulmer said. "It will also work well to keep businesses here."

The program will help out small businesses who may not be able to aquire a loan
from a bank, Ulmer said.

The Zionsville Redevelopment Commission voted to create the program on Monday,
Aug. 22, but the program needs approval from the town council.

The Redevelopment Commission will be able to make loans from $5,000 to $25,000
to small businesses. The money can be used to purchase equipment, signage, or
fund interior improvements. Money will not be loaned to finance exterior
improvements, or for working and operating capital.

"We are expecting it to be a well-used program," Swack said.

Other councilors thought it would help all the small businesses in Zionsville.

"This will be a great way to jumpstart a small business and create more jobs,"
Councilmen Tim Haak said. "It will be a great gap-filler to help somebody
along."

The Zionsville Town Council will meet at 7 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 6, in the Town
Hall Beverly Harves Meeting Room.

___ (c)2011 Zionsville Times Sentinel (Zionsville, Ind.) Visit Zionsville Times
Sentinel (Zionsville, Ind.) at timessentinel.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110831-ZV-Council-to-vote-on-rezoning-microloan-0831-20110831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZV


                    Copyright 2011 Zionsville Times Sentinel


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             March 8, 2011 Tuesday

Record 128 Million of World's Poorest Received a Microloan in 2009

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, March 08 -- More than 128 million of the world's poorest families
received a microloan in 2009-an all-time high, according to a report released
today by the Microcredit Summit Campaign. Assuming an average of five persons
per family, this means that loans to 128 million poorest clients affected some
641 million family members, which is greater than the combined population of the
European Union and Russia. Microloans are used to help people living in poverty
start or expand a range of small businesses, such as selling basic staples,
producing handicrafts, and delivering cell phone services to remote villages.

Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Muhammad Yunus participated in the news conference by
video link from Dhaka, Bangladesh. He is featured in the report in box on social
business.

"Microcredit has very effectively lifted millions of poor women and their
families out of poverty," said U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's
Issues Melanne Verveer. "With the 100th anniversary of International Women's Day
being celebrated on March 8th, it is gratifying to see that over 81 percent of
the very poor who received microloans were women - that is more than 100 million
people. Women entrepreneurs are one of the smartest investments in microfinance.
Not only have they shown strong returns in the success of their businesses, but
they consistently have demonstrated high loan repayment rates and they re-invest
in their families and their communities."

Overall, more than 190 million people had a microloan in 2009; however, the
Campaign focuses on the 128 million poorest. In the 12 years since the
Campaign's founding, the number of very poor families with a microloan has grown
more than 16-fold from 7.6 million in 1997 to 128 million in 2009. The report
includes data from over 3,500 institutions with more than 93 percent of the
information collected last year and verified by a third party.

"I have joined you from Spain to demonstrate my government's strong commitment
to microfinance programs that help people work their way out of poverty,
ensuring both financial and social inclusion," said Spanish Secretary of State
for International Cooperation Soraya Rodriguez Ramos. "The Spanish government is
pleased to be hosting the Global Microcredit Summit in Valladolid, Spain in
November of this year, providing an opportunity for all 2,000 delegates to share
their innovations, forge solutions to the challenges, and deepen their
commitment to this very critical work."

The State of the Microcredit Summit Campaign Report 2011 also announced the
development of a Seal of Excellence for Poverty Outreach and Transformation in
Microfinance which has been under discussion for 11 months and will continue to
evolve throughout this year and beyond with input from a broad range of
stakeholders. The Seal will recognize those institutions doing the most to help
families lift themselves out of poverty. Acknowledging the range of critical
initiatives in the microfinance field, Campaign Director Sam Daley-Harris said,
"The Seal is working to build on the Smart Campaign's client protection
principles and the work of the Social Performance Task Force and is discussing
ways to implement the seal that would use the systems that have already been
developed for understanding the social performance of microfinance institutions.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

BRIEF: Microloan cap grow to $50K

BYLINE: The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 138 words


Nov. 08--FARGO -- The borrowing limit for Farm Service Agency microloans grew by
$15,000 Friday, according to a news release.

The loan that offers simplified lending with less paperwork increased from
$35,000 to $50,000. The increase makes borrowing from the FSA a "first
opportunity" to farm or ranch or quickly expand existing operations, state
Executive Director Aaron Krauter said in a statement.

Advertisement

Advertisement

The microloan change allows beginning, small and mid-sized farms to access an
addition $15,000 in loans with up to seven years to repay.

For more information, contact your local FSA office. Producers may also comment
on the change through Dec. 8.

___ (c)2014 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141108-QX-BRF-Microloan-cap-grow-to-50K-1108-20141108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2014 The Dickinson Press


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                               September 9, 2013

Zionsville believes in power of small loans

LENGTH: 847 words


Zionsville believes in power of small loans

For years, Zionsville restaurant owner Patrick Mullen worked seemingly endless
hours for the princely sum of $290 a week-which he usually returned to his
fledgling business to chip away at its mountain of debt.

A late 2011 move from sprawling strip mall space to the cozy Brick Street Inn
downtown helped Patrick's Kitchen and Drinks turn the corner, giving the eatery
the boost it needed to begin eking out a profit.

"We were going gangbusters," Mullen recalled of the first six months in the new
location.

Then came the fire. Investigators weren't able to determine the cause of the
small brush fire just outside the kitchen, but the affect was clear: The
restaurant closed for repairs in June 2012.

Mullen and his wife, Beth Dickerson, decided to seize the opportunity (and the
insurance settlement) by remodeling the undersized cooking area. Offers of
assistance poured in as a month passed, then two.

"We had decided to do it ourselves," Mullen said. "We said, 'No, we're fine,
we're fine.'"

But one opportunity proved too good to pass up. The town had a brand-new
microloan program created to help small businesses grow and prosper.

Patrick's scored a relatively modest $23,000 loan, but it had a big impact.

"It made it possible for us to not open up dead broke," Mullen said.

The cash infusion-which must be used for capital improvements-freed up other
money the restaurant owners used to pay off another loan. And that helped the
couple refinance some onerous credit card debt, giving them some additional
breathing room when Patrick's reopened in October 2012.

That's the idea. Microloans are intended to provide startup and growing
businesses an alternative to bank financing, since traditional lenders typically
prefer working with more-established borrowers looking for bigger-and more
profitable-loans.

Zionsville's loan program is open to existing businesses in the town's
taxincrement financing district, which includes enterprises along its
brick-lined Main Street. (Interestingly, Patrick's would not have been eligible
in its old Boone Village location.) Its $200,000 loan pool was seeded with TIF
proceeds, with the potential for more.

"It's there to increase assessed value, ultimately," said Luke Phenicie,
treasurer of the Zionsville Redevelopment Commission and its representative to
the microloan committee. "If we can bring even one more business to the area,
it's worthwhile."

Administered by the State Bank of Lizton, the microloan program is a partnership
among the town, its redevelopment commission and Boone County Economic
Development Corp., which runs a similar initiative for businesses in more rural
areas.

Boone EDC Executive Director Bryan Brackemyre and Zionsville economic
development chief Wayne DeLong meet with applicants to vet their business plans,
then a five-member microloan committee makes recommendations to the full
redevelopment commission for approval.

The low-interest loans can range from $5,000 to $25,000. Just two loans have
been approved since the program debuted last year, Brackemyre said.

Zionsville's initiative is not part of the U.S. Small Business Administration's
Microloan Program, which provides federal grants to not-for-profits that offer
business coaching along with the financing, but Brackemyre said it may apply to
participate in the future.

Officials already are referring potential applicants to the Indiana Small
Business Development Center network and Indianapolis-based Business Ownership
Initiative for hands-on assistance.

Business Ownership Initiative, which launched its own microloan fund in
September after about 15 years of providing workshops and one-on-one counseling,
is happy to help.

"We will go wherever we're needed," said Executive Director Julie Grice. (The
initiative isn't part of the SBA program, either, but Flagship Enterprise Center
in Anderson is.)

Although her organization is looking to grow its loan portfolio outside Marion
County, Grice said there's enough demand to keep multiple microlenders busy. And
since the loans tend to be riskier, she said local decision-making is important.

"It's good to be close to your constituents," Grice said. "We like the idea of
doing the underwriting in our own backyard."

Brackemyre acknowledged the value of that local connection, saying the microloan
committee is more likely to go out on a limb than other lenders. But the idea is
to move borrowers onto more stable financial ground, making them eligible for
traditional financing.

"We don't want to compete with banks," he said. "Our greater goal is to have a
nice downtown that's prospering, and we might need to ease the [loan]
qualifications for that to happen."

Organizers are trying to build awareness of the existing microloan program-in
part through bank referrals-even as they contemplate how to grow it. Brackemyre
said there's talk about allowing startups to apply, for starters, and there's
interest in expanding the program's geographic reach if another funding source
can be secured.

"It's another tool in our economic development toolbox," Phenicie said.

*

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS



              The Preston County Journal (Kingwood, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 3, 2014

Microloans are available

BYLINE: The Preston County Journal staff

LENGTH: 409  words


West Virginia, Farm Service Agency State Executive Director Richard V. Snuffer
II reminds farmers the FSA borrowing limit for microloans increased from $35,000
to $50,000. Microloans offer borrowers simplified lending with less paperwork:
Snuffer said it makes borrowing from FSA a "first opportunity" to farm or
quickly expand existing operations.

"This will help more people because of new flexibilities created by the 2014
Farm Bill," Snuffer said.

"We're especially excited in West Virginia, because we want to encourage more
beginners and young people, especially those from historically under-served
communities, to consider farming as a way to become independent businessmen and
women. It's a rewarding way to build or expand a family operation."

The microloan change allows beginning, small and mid-sized farmers to access an
additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application process with up to
seven years to repay. Micro-loans are part of USDA's continued commitment to
small and midsized farming operations.

To complement the microloan program additional changes to FSA eligibility
requirements will enhance beginning farmers access to land, a key barrier to
entry level producers.

FSA policies related to farm experience have changed so other types of skills
may be considered to meet the direct farming experience required for farm
ownership loan eligibility.

Operation or management of non-farm businesses, leadership positions while
serving in the military or advanced education in an agricultural field will now
count towards the experience applicants need to show when applying for farm
ownership loans. "If you want to comment on our changes to the microloan and
loan eligibility, you have an opportunity to share suggestions," Snuffer said.
The comment period runs through Dec. 8.

Since 2010, FSA has made a record amount of farm loans -- more than 165,000
loans totaling nearly $23 billion.

More than 50 percent of USDA's farm loans now go to beginning farmers.

In addition, FSA has increased its lending to socially-disadvantaged producers
by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PCJ

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 The Preston County Journal


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 23, 2013

MDA announces agricultural microloan pilot program

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 290  words


The Minnesota Rural Finance Authority (RFA) is now offering a new microloan
program designed for new, underserved borrowers with farm capital needs. The
RFA's Agricultural Microloan Program is a pilot program designed to assist
farmers that have modest lending needs and that may lack the experience and
records typically required by other agricultural lenders.

Participants can access the loan program through a voluntary intermediary lender
and allows eligible farmers to borrow up to $10,000 toward annual supplies such
as seed and fertilizer, equipment and similar farm assets. Loan repayment can be
scheduled up to six years. The lender will assist the borrower in developing
credit and financial management skills to help advance the farmer's access to
traditional credit avenues.

To be eligible for the pilot program, potential borrowers must: be a resident of
Minnesota; be a current farmer or potential farmer, growing specialty crops
and/or eligible livestock; have a documented business plan, including a viable
cash flow projection and a marketing plan; and be included in a protected group
as defined by Mn Statute 43A.02; subd. 33 (females, persons with disabilities,
and members of the following minorities: Black, Hispanic,

Asian or Pacific Islander, and American Indian or Alaskan native) or qualified
non-citizen as defined by section 256B.06, subd. 4, par (b) (immigrant, refugee,
asylum, etc.).

To find out more about the RFA pilot program and to view a list of current
intermediary lenders, please visit the microloan webpage at
http://www.mda.state.mn.us/gran ts/loa ns/microloan. If you have questions
regarding the RFA Agricultural Microloan Program, or other RFA lending products,
please contact the RFA at 651-201-6004.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2013 The Ortonville Independent


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     Jewell County Record (Mankato, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 14, 2013

FSA now offers microloan program

BYLINE: Jewell County Record staff

LENGTH: 306  words


New and beginning farmers and ranchers in Kansas now have an agricultural
microloan credit option to consider. Jan. 15, The U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Farm Service Agency (FSA) announced a new program to offer its
customers loans of $35, 000 or less. The loan features a streamlined application
and a simplified qualification process built to fit the needs of new and smaller
producers.

"This innovative offering will be more customer-friendly than our larger, more
traditional loan programs," said Bret Strine, acting farm loan manager."Farms
and ranches seeking a smaller loan for start-up or operational needs now have a
great new tool to consider."

"For those selling at farmers' markets or through community supported
agriculture operations (CSAs), a microloan might serve their needs perfectly,"
Strine continued." "And the reduced paperwork associated with the mcroloan will
heip expedite the process for everyone."

The Farm Service Agency provided $102, 532, 393 in farm loan assistance to
agricultural producers of all sizes in Kansas for its 2012 fiscal year which
ended Sept. 30. During that period, 741 operating loans accounted for the
majority of the loans extended, while farm ownership loans totaled 276.

"The interest rate for the microloan is 1.25 percent. The interest rates of
FSA's Microloans are adjusted monthly and repayments terms are one year to
seven.

In response to tighter financial markets, USDA has expanded the availability of
farm credit, helping farmers restructure existing farm debt through loan
refinance across the U.S. Since 2009, USDA has provided more than 128, 000 loans
to family farmers totaling more than $18 billion. More than 50 percent of the
loans went to beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information on microloans, contact the Smith County FSA Office.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JCR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Jewell County Record


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                               May 5, 2013 Sunday

Microloans for startups hard to find // Funding scarce for small entrepreneurs

BYLINE: Lonnie Shekhtman

SECTION: BUSINESS MATTERS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1285 words


WORCESTER - A new convenience store inconspicuously situated at the corner of
Pleasant and Ashland streets carries a mix of American and Middle Eastern brands
of canned foods, condiments, sweets, teas and more.

The store's name, Uncle Sam, is modestly advertised on handwritten signs - in
English and Arabic - in the bottom left-hand corner of the storefront window.

Store owner Dheyaa Alkhamees named it in honor of his kids and their beloved
uncle Sam, his brother, who helped fund the new store. At the time, this refugee
from Iraq had no idea that Uncle Sam happens to be a widely used nickname for
the United States.

Mr. Alkamees, his wife and three kids came to Worcester about three-and-a-half
years ago, via Syria, as refugees from Iraq. At first, he worked for little to
no pay as a goldsmith, a profession he had dedicated 40 years of his life to in
Baghdad. But opening his own goldsmith shop was prohibitively expensive, so he
decided to open a convenience store instead.

The Uncle Sam convenience store opened in January, joining nine other
refugee-run businesses in the Worcester area, and 35 total in Massachusetts,
that have secured startup funding through a microenterprise program managed by
Lutheran Social Services of New England. LSS is a Worcester organization that,
among other programs, helps resettle refugees and provides services to help them
adjust to American life.

In the past three years, LSS has distributed at least $100,000 to refugee
entrepreneurs, who run grocery stores, barbershops, day care centers, auto
repair shops and other small businesses, said Lisa Ann Brennan, small business
development manager at LSS.

The organization provides highly sought-after startup capital that's largely
missing from the landscape of business lending in this country, particularly for
immigrants with little or no credit history. LSS also offers training and
assistance in writing business plans, securing licenses and permits, marketing
and applying for traditional bank loans.

After trying, and failing, to get a loan from a local bank, Mr. Alkamees
qualified for a $3,000 loan from LSS, with a 6 percent interest rate and
36-month repayment schedule. He also borrowed about $20,000 from his family,
including his brother, Sam.

In the world of microbusinesses, usually defined as those that employ fewer than
five people and require loans of less than $100,000 to get started, Mr. Alkamees
is lucky. Generally, such tiny amounts of critical financing for mom-and-pop
shops are largely unavailable.

Bob Hoover, a long-time business counselor with the Worcester chapter of SCORE,
a national nonprofit that provides free small business mentorship, says that the
local chapter counsels 400 to 500 small business hopefuls a year. Most are
looking to start businesses in the retail or service sectors, he said, and
struggle with accessing funds.

"Most of the larger banks are not lending to small businesses, despite the
bailout," Mr. Hoover said. "So we always advise our clients to go to the smaller
community banks for lending support, or credit unions."

Large banks aren't the only roadblock to credit, though. According to the U.S.
Small Business Administration all banks - cooperative, savings, savings and loan
associations, and commercial - are restricting lending. At the same time,
borrowers are doing less borrowing, as they steer clear of accumulating debt in
a continuously uncertain economy.

According to the SBA's latest annual report on the state of small business
financing in the United States, released in July 2012, the number of microloans
outstanding decreased from $170.2 billion in 2008 to 139.6 billion in 2011.
Microloans are defined by the SBA as loans totaling less than $100,000.

The concept of authentic microlending, distributing tiny loans to impoverished
entrepreneurs, has been in practice for decades in the developing world. In this
country, the microfinance industry began to mature in the 1990s, when Venezuelan
microfinance pioneer Accion International opened its doors in New York to help
those with no credit history, or damaged credit, work their way up the economic
ladder.

Today, Accion has branches all over the country, including in Boston, its U.S.
headquarters, and is joined by hundreds of other microfinance projects and
organizations that became increasingly popular after the 2008 U.S. banking
crisis dried up credit.

The city of Worcester handed out its first microloan in the amount of $30,000 in
1993. Since then, the city's Executive Office of Economic Development has
distributed 29 of these loans, ranging from $5,000 to $30,000. The average
interest rate is around 4 percent, with a five- to 10-year repayment period.

The money for the loans comes from a $4 million Community Development Block
Grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. This grant is
split among several citywide programs, says Paul D. Morano Jr., director of the
city's Division of Business Assistance.

The microloan program shares $150,000 of the federal grant with storefront and
facade grant programs, which have awarded 39 grants since 2000 for street-level
storefront renovations.

The storefront programs have been so popular, Mr. Morano said, that the city had
to reduce the maximum amount of its microloans to $10,000 a couple of years ago,
in order to free up cash for storefronts.

But a smaller slice of the funding pie seems to be more than enough these days,
considering that the city hasn't distributed a microloan since 2011, and only
four in the last five years.

The microloan program was criticized in a 2011 Telegram & Gazette article for
being ineffective, as it grappled with missing payments and bankruptcies.

Regardless, businesses are welcome to apply, but Mr. Morano recommends that they
consider city loans as a last resort.

"The city's microloan program is really geared toward gap financing. We're the
last stop, not the first stop for businesses," he said.

He recommends that businesses try to get conventional financing first, and
approach the city only if they are denied.

Unfortunately, the people who are eligible for city microloans (low- and
moderate-income people with an urgent need, and who are working to prevent or
eliminate slums or blight, according to HUD eligibility requirements) are
unlikely to secure conventional financing.

So in cases where institutional money is out of the question, Mr. Hoover, of
SCORE, recommends borrowing from family and friends, as Mr. Alkhamees did.

"A lot of people are hoping for that," Mr. Hoover said.

Self-financing is also an option for people who are good at saving.

Amy Lynn Chase, the 32-year-old owner of Crompton Collective, an antiques mall
on Green Street in the Canal District, said that because of her business model,
she didn't need significant startup capital and invested about $3,000 of her own
money to cover a cash register, seating, a credit card machine, and other
equipment.

Her rent is covered by antiques dealers, who rent space in her warehouse.

Ms. Chase said Crompton is her third self-funded business.

"I would rather not borrow," said Ms. Chase. "It's just easier if your assets
are in it. It's less scary if you're controlling everything."

ART: PHOTOS; CHART

PHOTOG: (P) T&G Staff Photos/CHRISTINE PETERSON; (C) T&G Staff/DON LANDGREN JR.

CUTLINE: (PHOTO 1) Nazek Alzihiri and her husband Dheyaa Ilkhamees are the
owners of the Uncle Sam convenience store at 151 Pleasant St. in Worcester. The
couple received a microloan from Lutheran Social Services of New England to help
open the store. (PHOTO 2) Amy Lynn Chase is the owner of Crompton Collective, an
antiques mall at 138 Green St. in Worcester that she started with her own money.
(CHART) Declining microloans in U.S.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - A new convenience store inconspicuously situated at the
corner of Pleasant and Ashland streets carries a mix of American and Middle
Eastern brands of canned foods, condiments, sweets, teas and more. The store's
name, Uncle Sam, is modestly advertised on handwritten signs - in English and
Arabic - in the bottom left-hand corner of the storefront window. Store owner
Dheyaa Alkhamees named it in honor of his kids and their beloved uncle Sam, his
brother, who helped fund the new store. At the time, this refugee from Iraq had
no idea that Uncle Sam happens to be a widely used nickname for the United
States.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 23, 2012 Monday

Barrington retailer benefits from local Rotary's microloan program

BYLINE: Submitted by Advocate Good Shepherd Hospital

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 197 words


Barrington business owner Todd Rhodes is thankful to the Barrington Breakfast
Rotary Club's MicroLoan program that helped his rock 'n' roll-influenced general
store succeed in today's tough economic climate.

"The MicroLoan I received a year ago for Grassroots helped us achieve our sales
goals 4-6 months ahead of schedule. We were able to bring in merchandise in a
more efficient manner thereby increasing our sales/inventory ratio," said
Rhodes.

The Barrington Breakfast Rotary Club's MicroLoan Program focuses on creating new
sources of income and is personal and customized to the opportunity at hand. At
its core, the MicroLoan Program is about helping people working to help
themselves.

A limited number of loans, with a maximum amount of $5,000, are granted at a
modest interest rate -- prime plus two points.

Grassroots, located in downtown Barrington, offers apparel, accessories, gifts
and more for the whole family. Grassroots also supports many local and national
groups.

The Barrington Breakfast Rotary Club is comprised of business and community
leaders -- men and women alike -- from Barrington and surrounding communities.
For information, visit BarringtonBreakfastRotary.org.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             July 24, 2008 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Habitat to build investor program;
Microfinance: People will be able to buy a small stake in home construction
operation and even collect interest on it.

BYLINE: CHRIS MEGERIAN; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 716 words


Habitat for Humanity is looking to grow funds by borrowing a developing-world
concept: microloans.

The Atlanta-based nonprofit, which builds homes for people in need, is expected
to announce today the launch of a microloan program in partnership with the
Maryland-based Calvert Foundation. It will allow individuals to invest in ---
rather than simply donate to --- Habitat's philanthropic mission.

Investors can buy a stake in Habitat's microloan program for as little as $100.
If the program is a success, investors eventually would receive interest
payments on their money.

Microloans are typically used to provide small amounts of credit to people or
businesses that do not qualify for traditional loans. The concept has become
increasingly popular in the developing world, but it is a first for Habitat,
which has subsisted almost entirely on donations, grants and proceeds from home
sales.

"This is a relatively new phenomenon," Habitat Chief Executive Jonathan Reckford
said.

He said the Calvert partnership, which will last five years, is one new way to
fuel the growth of Habitat, which almost doubled the number of projects it
completed from 2005 to 2007. Last year, it finished 49,000 home pro- jects
worldwide.

"With the huge need for decent, affordable housing in the world, we want to
continue that explosive growth," he said. "One of the things that's appealing
about this program is that it's an affordable program for small investors."

Calvert has been providing microloans for the past 12 years, and it currently
has $153 million in outstanding loans with more than 240 organizations around
the world.

Calvert Foundation President and CEO Shari Berenbach said she hopes the Habitat
program will attract $10 million --- enough money for 400 houses --- through
microloan investments in the first two years.

The program works as a sort of financial relay race, with money changing hands
at least six times on its journey from the investor to the work site and back
again.

Individuals can purchase notes through their brokers, directly through Calvert,
or online at MicroPlace, an Internet-based microfinance company owned by San
Jose, Calif.-based auction site eBay.

Calvert will loan the cost of the note to Habitat for Humanity International,
which then loans the money to one of its 2,300 affiliates in the United States
and overseas. The money is used for construction and is repaid when the house is
sold.

The money then works its way back through the chain.

Calvert gets 1.5 percent interest on the loan to cover administrative costs, and
the investor receives up to 2 percent interest.

The program is similar to one Habitat started in 1996, in which it borrows money
from Wall Street investors and then lends it to affiliates. That program has
generated $74 million in loans but does not target small investors like
Calvert's microloan program does.

Habitat, which was founded in Americus and moved its headquarters to Atlanta in
2006, has built more than 250,000 homes worldwide since it began in 1976.

"Habitat has such broad recognition in the public marketplace, we think it's
going to bring in a lot of people who have never thought about using investment
to change the world," Berenbach said.

Habitat's fund-raising totaled $1.2 billion in fiscal year 2007, which ended
June 30, 2007.

Berenbach said the program with Calvert aims to promote sustainable growth
through repeated infusions of cash from the same investors.

More than 90 percent of the microloan money currently invested through Calvert
is reinvested when the loan ends, she said.

That's one of the major strengths of microfinance, which has gained popularity
and acclaim in recent decades.

Two years ago, the Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to Muhammad Yunus, the founder
of Grameen Bank, which got its start in the late 1970s providing credit to the
poor in Bangledesh.

Tracey Turner, the founder of MicroPlace, said microfinance has generated a lot
of interest in the United States because it resonates with the American ideal of
giving a hand up instead of a hand out.

She said microfinance has been successful in situations where large banks
historically declined to provide loans.

"They didn't see any reason to serve the 4 billion lower-income people in the
world," she said. "That's the gap that microfinance stepped in to fill."

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Reckford/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: ELISSA EUBANKS / eeubanks@ajc.comLast year, Habitat for Humanity finished
49,000 home projects worldwide. This year's projects undertaken by the
Atlanta-based nonprofit have included construction in Mobile./ImageData*
ImageData*
Graphic: CHARLES W. JONES / StaffINVESTING IN HABITAT FOR HUMANITY Individuals
can invest $100 minimum online through eBay-owned MicroPlace, or $1,000 minimum
through the Calvert Foundation or a broker. The investment can be for one,
three, five, seven or 10 years, and investors choose an interest rate up to 2
percent. 1. The investor buys a note from the Calvert Foundation. 2. Calvert
loans the note to Habitat for Humanity International. 3. Habitat for Humanity
International loans the money to individual affiliates in the United States and
overseas. 4. The money is used for home construction and is repaid to Habitat
for Humanity International when the house is sold. 5. Habitat for Humanity
International repays the loan to Calvert. 6. Calvert repays the loan to the
investor with interest. The investor can then choose to reinvest the money,
restarting the cycle. Graphic shows the steps of the process, along with
illustrations of the following: Investor, Calvert Foundation, Habitat for
Humanity International, Affiliate, Home, Habitat for Humanity International,
Calvert Foundation Sources: Habitat for Humanity International, Calvert
Foundation/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 15, 2010 Friday
                                   F3 Edition

Batavia microloans aim to help businesses

BYLINE: By Susan Sarkauskas ssarkauskas@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 414 words


Batavia is hoping to give businesses a little help with its new microloan
program.

Low-interest loans of up to $25,000 are being made available to Batavia
businesses through the program, recently approved by the city council. The
council agreed to make up to $100,000 in microloans.

"We are excited to be able to provide a loan program that is tangible to our
businesses," Mayor Jeff Schielke said in a prepared statement. "We hope this
program can help those businesses that just need a little extra to keep going
and help them get over the hump."

It is a subsidiary of the city's longtime Revolving Loan Fund program. The RLF
is funded by the state Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity. Since
Batavia established the RLF in 1986, it has made about a half-dozen loans, at an
interest rate of half of the prime lending rate.

The microloan program was suggested to the city by the Batavia Chamber of
Commerce at the request of one of its members. Assistant city administrator
Randy Recklaus, in a report to the city council, noted it seemed to dovetail
with what the city has experienced the last year: No loans were made from the
revolving loan fund because "businesses have been looking for a much larger
amount of funding or much less," he said.

The revolving loan fund has $288,000 in it. The limit on the normal RLF loan is
25 percent of a project's cost, up to $200,000. The RLF loans can only be used
for fixed assets, unlike the new microloans.

A business loan review committee is being established. Final approval on the
microloans will come from the city council.

For each $10,000 requested, a job must be created or retained. And the loan can
only account for 50 percent of the cost of the project; the rest must come from
the applicant or another source.

The money can be used for acquisition, construction, rehabilitation, machinery
and equipment, or installation of commercial and industrial facilities and
working capital expenses. Working capital expenses are limited to inventory,
employee salaries and general operational expenses.

The city is looking for four people from Batavia businesses to serve on the
review committee. The mayor, city attorney, city administrator and the city
finance director will also be on the committee. People interested in serving
should send a letter of interest, outlining their qualifications, to Meredith
Hannah at mhannah@cityofbatavia.net For additional details, call the city's
Economic Development Department at (630) 454-2061.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                January 7, 2013

TINY LOANS HAVE BIG IMPACT;
Microlenders aim to help businesses grow, survive

LENGTH: 1107 words


TINY LOANS HAVE BIG IMPACT Microlenders aim to help businesses grow, survive L
aura Beatus and her husband, Corey, didn't know anything about running a company
when they started hauling their portable juice bar to music festivals in and
around New York City in 2008.

Now, Natural Born Juicers has a permanent home at Indianapolis City Market and
the Beatuses have their first business loan-$19,000 they used to buy
cutting-edge equipment that's already boosted their bottom line.

"I think it's a game changer for the industry," Laura Beatus, 37, said of the
new machine that extracts juice from fruits and vegetables while preserving its
nutritional value. Developed in California, the juice press is so advanced that
Beatus uses it after hours, away from the prying eyes of potential competitors.

The press arrived this fall, streamlining the time-consuming juice-making
process enough that Beatus was comfortable advertising for the first time in her
two years at the market. Sales soared almost immediately.

"It's pretty amazing," Beatus said of her company's progress, sharing credit
with the Anderson-based Flagship Enterprise Center, which provided the necessary
financing and hands-on training through its involvement with the U.S. Small
Business Administration's Microloan Program.

Flagship, a not-for-profit business incubator formed through a partnership
between the city of Anderson and Anderson University, is one of just three
certified SBA microloan intermediaries in the state.

Any lender can make the small, shortterm loans, but the SBA program provides
federal grants to not-for-profits that offer business coaching along with the
financing.

Although the initiative dates back decades, Indiana has been slow to embrace
microloans. In 2012, SBA intermediaries in the state made 23 of the small loans,
more than the four prior years combined. Flagship handled 17 of them.

Program manager Adam Hoeksema expects 2013 to be even busier. "I'm certain we
can do a lot more," he said. "I talk to someone about microloans almost every
day." Indeed, there's little doubt that earlystage and growing businesses need
an alternative to bank financing. Traditional lenders typically prefer working
with more-established borrowers looking for bigger-and more profitable-loans.

Microlenders can help entrepreneurs get to that point, providing business
training as well as up to $50,000 in cash.

"The whole idea is to help the smallest and youngest businesses get the kind of
technical assistance they need to survive," said Gail Gesell, director of the
SBA's Indiana district.

Regular, hands-on guidance also gives the lender peace of mind, she said, along
with the opportunity to spot potential problems before they develop. By the time
a microloan is repaid, the borrower should have the business experience and
credit history necessary to seek traditional financing.

"Most banks won't spend a lot of time with a business plan, looking at someone's
personal credit," said Jean Wojtowicz, president of Indianapolis-based Cambridge
Capital Management Corp. "It takes as much time and effort to book, monitor and
get a small loan repaid as it does a large loan, and they need to make a
reasonable return."

Which is why microloan programs tend to be housed at mission-oriented
organizations like Flagship, which already have expertise advising
entrepreneurs.

"We don't just make a loan and say, 'Good luck,'" Hoeksema said.

He gave Natural Born Juicers' Beatus a bookkeeping tutorial, for example, and
she ultimately hired Flagship to handle the company's books for a small fee.

"They're invested in us," Beatus said. "It's amazing to have that kind of
support."

Indianapolis-based Business Ownership Initiative, which isn't part of the SBA
program, launched its private $155,000 microloan fund in September after about
15 years of providing workshops and oneon-one counseling. The addition led BOI
to refine its coaching strategy.

"There's great clarity in the process of applying for a microloan," explained
Executive Director Julie Grice. "So our point of triage came down to two key
questions: Is there a marketplace for my product, and how many clients do I need
to make money? That is the basis of the strategic plan, the hiring plan, the
marketing plan-everything. You can have the greatest idea in the world, but
until you know where your cash is coming from, it's not a business.

"That's entirely what we're coaching around now."

BOI has made eight loans so far with the help of grants from the Glick Fund,
Indiana Housing and Community Development Authority and the city of
Indianapolis. Grice expects to apply for the SBA microloan program next month,
potentially increasingly the pool of funding available to local entrepreneurs.

"There is definitely a need," she said. "More and more people, whether they're
hard-wired for it or not, are finding themselves needing to create their own
source of income. And the banking environment often cannot address their needs."

Case in point: A commercial painter who had landed a $3,000 project came to BOI
looking for $1,000 to hire help and buy supplies. The loan committee asked for
the title to his truck as collateral, Grice said, and he signed on the dotted
line.

Before his first payment was due, the painter was back with cash to repay the
loan. And he had a new request.

"He wanted his title back and another $4,000 to handle another, larger
contract," Grice said. "That's how we want this process to work."

Flagship takes a similar approach, making small loans initially and encouraging
borrowers to ask for more later if they need it. It worked well for Tyler's Tree
Service LLC of Indianapolis.

Brother-and-sister team Tyler Allison and Nan Schulze launched the
Indianapolis-based firm in 2010, using a $10,000 loan to supplement the $25,000
they scraped together from other sources.

Revenue exceeded expectations in both 2011 and 2012, and last spring the
partners applied for another $10,000 to buy a material handler. They found
conventional financing for a heavy-duty pickup truck and snowplow they added in
the fall.

"That's their goal," Schulze said of Flagship. "They want us to find other
sources of funding."

Since becoming a microloan intermediary in 2010, Flagship has approved 31 loans
worth a total of $345,000. Six notes already have been repaid, half of them
ahead of schedule.

Program growth has been intentionally slow, Hoeksema said, but now he's ready to
tout its success. By the end of 2013, he'd like Flagship's outstanding loan
balance to be closer to the $620,000 it has available to lend each year.

"We have a lot of capacity to fill," he said. "And at $10,000 a pop, that's a
lot of loans."

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2008 Pacific Rim Law & Policy Association
                        Pacific Rim Law & Policy Journal

                                 January, 2008

                         17 Pac. Rim L. & Pol'y J. 187

LENGTH: 12512 words

COMMENT: VIETNAM'S DECREE ON MICROFINANCE: A FLAWED ATTEMPT TO CREATE AN
ENABLING LEGAL ENVIRONMENT FOR MICROFINANCE

NAME: Elin M. King+

BIO:  + The author would like to thank Professors Veronica Taylor and Jane Winn
and the journal editorial staff.

HIGHLIGHT:  Abstract:Despite its increasing as a development tool microfinance
still faces significant barriers in reaching the poorest of the poor.
Microfinance programs often respond well to short-term needs but are not
designed to handle the long-term struggles faced by lending institutions. To
resolve these problems, many in the microfinance field have begun to tout the
concept of creating "enabling" legal and regulatory frameworks. Such an enabling
environment would ideally eliminate unreasonable barriers to entry into the
field, encourage innovation, and reinforce industry best practices. An enabling
regulatory scheme could also increase legal certainty, encourage more investors
to enter the field and allow microfinance institutions ("MFIs") to raise money
by accessing world financial markets.

   In an effort to create such an enabling environment, Vietnam passed a
Microfinance Decree in 2004, creating a separate regulatory scheme for
microfinance institutions. Prior to the passage of the Microfinance Decree, the
legal status of microfinance institutions in Vietnam was very ambiguous.
Although the Microfinance Decree creates a more predictable and stable
environment, it does not achieve many of the goals of an "enabling" environment,
and it threatens the viability of many of the MFIs already operating in Vietnam.
The new framework makes strides by clarifying the legal status of MFIs and
allowing them to become deposit-taking institutions under limited circumstances.
The new law also contains provisions aimed at increasing professionalism and
encouraging long-term planning. Unfortunately, the Microfinance Decree also
contains provisions that may discourage commercial and foreign investment in
microfinance and create unnecessary burdens for small MFIs. In order for Vietnam
to truly enable the growth of microfinance it should enact new provisions to
protect small MFIs, encourage new players to enter the microfinance field, and
continue to develop the regulations underpinning the Microfinance Decree.


 TEXT:
 [*187]

   I. Introduction

 In 2006, Mohammad Yunus and the Grameen Bank won the Nobel Peace Prize "for
their efforts to create economic and social development from below." n1 Neither
a politician nor a traditional peace activist, Mohammad Yunus is, instead, an
economist who developed a system of advancing small loans to people living in
impoverished conditions. n2 What started as a social experiment three decades
ago has blossomed into a major  [*188]  development tool used in many parts of
the world. n3 Proponents claim that microfinance is an important tool that will
help raise the status of women and alleviate poverty. n4

   Despite examples of success such as the Grameen Bank, however, most MFIs are
unable to maintain viability over the long term. n5 Of the large number of MFIs
operating worldwide, only around sixty have a sustainable or near sustainable
financial model. n6 The majority of MFIs cannot meet the demand for financial
services with traditional funding sources. n7 Although many MFIs would like to
launch more sophisticated financial programs, barriers such as financial
requirements set by central banks, prohibitions on savings mobilization, and
interest rate subsidies in many countries prevent most MFIs from becoming
anything more than donor-dependent grassroots lending programs. n8

   The precarious financial position of many MFIs severely limits their ability
to expand offerings and to meet the needs of the poorest of the poor. n9
Although a number of reforms have been proposed to deal with these issues, many
development agencies, such as the World Bank, have begun to focus on the need
for legal and regulatory reform. n10 In response, a handful of countries have
either passed or are in the process of drafting "enabling" legislation. n11 Such
an enabling environment would, ideally, eliminate unreasonable barriers to entry
into the field, encourage innovation, and reinforce industry best practices. An
enabling regulatory scheme would also  [*189]  increase legal certainty,
encouraging more investors to enter the field and allowing MFIs to raise money
by accessing world financial markets. n12

   In 2004, Vietnam promulgated a decree ("Microfinance Decree") regulating all
microfinance institutions. n13 While this new system creates a more predictable
and stable environment, it does not achieve many of the goals of an "enabling"
environment, and it threatens the viability of many MFIs already operating in
Vietnam. In order for microfinance to achieve its maximum potential in Vietnam,
the legal framework needs to be changed to protect small, grassroots level MFIs,
encourage the participation of foreign and commercial players, and reinforce
industry best practices.

   Part II of this comment examines why microfinance has become a major
international development tool. Part III discusses the current trend towards
regulating microfinance. Part IV examines the history of microfinance in Vietnam
and evaluates the effectiveness of provisions included in the Microfinance
Decree. Part V argues that Vietnam should make changes to protect small MFIs,
encourage the participation of commercial and foreign players, and continue to
develop the underlying regulatory scheme to improve the effectiveness of
microfinance in Vietnam.

   II. The Development of Microfinance: From Social Experiment to Major
Development Tool

 Microfinance started out as a small-scale grassroots attempt to alleviate
poverty. Over the last 30 years, it has expanded into a major development tool.
Although this growth has met with some success, it has also revealed many of the
limitations facing microfinance. In an effort to strengthen microfinance, many
practitioners and scholars have begun to examine the possibility of using legal
and regulatory reform to address these concerns.

   A. Microfinance Has Grown from a Small-Scale Social Experiment to a Major
Development Tool

 Microfinance is the provision of simple banking services to poor households and
people. n14 Microfinance is an umbrella term for a host of services including
deposits, loans, payment services, money transfers, and  [*190]  insurance. n15
Traditionally, the emphasis for microfinance has been on microcredit, a system
of advancing small loans to low-income households to use in income-generating
activities. n16 Because the majority of MFIs today focus almost exclusively on
microcredit, the two terms are used almost interchangeably. n17 For this
analysis, however, the terms will be used as separate concepts.

   Muhammad Yunus developed the earliest efforts in microfinance. n18 Yunus
believed that poverty could be significantly alleviated by giving the poor
opportunities to start their own small businesses. n19 In 1974, Yunus loaned
forty-two basket weavers the equivalent of twenty-seven dollars to start their
own small businesses. n20 Despite the fact that there were no signed agreements
and no collateral attached to the loans, all forty-two participants repaid the
loans in full. n21 Encouraged by his success, Yunus went on to found the Grameen
Bank. n22 As of 2005, the Grameen Bank had 1740 branches with 5.6 million
customers. n23

   Since Yunus' initial experiment, microcredit has become a major international
development tool. Studies have shown that microfinance is effective at helping
the poor to "improve household and enterprise management, increase productivity,
smooth income flows and consumption costs, enlarge and diversify their
microbusinesses, and increase their incomes." n24 A dramatic indicator of the
international community's acceptance of microcredit is the fact that the United
Nations declared 2005 the "International Year of Microcredit." n25 Encouraged by
the success of Mohommad Yunus and the Grameen Bank, many organizations have
since followed suit offering microcredit programs around the world. n26 Although
[*191]  the vast majority of microfinance programs are run by non-profit
institutions, a few commercial banks, such as Citibank and HSBC, have begun to
experiment with microfinance programs. n27 Many high-tech philanthropists, such
as the founders of Dell, Google, and Microsoft, have also donated large sums of
money to expanding the scope of microfinance programs. n28 As of 2005, there
were over 10,000 MFIs operating throughout the world. n29 These institutions
made 100 million microloans in 2005. n30 Although the majority of programs have
focused on microcredit, many advocates are calling for the expansion to other
microfinance services. n31

   B. Despite Some Success, Most Microfinance Programs Fail to Reach Maximum
Effectiveness

 Despite the rapid expansion of microfinance services over the last three
decades, MFIs face a number of significant hurdles to reaching their maximum
potential and becoming sustainable institutions. Although a few well-known MFIs
have had considerable success, many early microfinance efforts were ad-hoc
programs without a well-defined strategy. n32 The Asian Development Bank
("ADB"), one of the major backers of microfinance programs in Asia, said that
its own early microfinance attempts paid little attention to financial viability
and were poorly targeted. n33 Over the years, a large portion of microfinance
programs have been dependent on private donor or government funding. n34
Although both public and private sources are crucial to the development of
microfinance, each source comes with its unique problems. Private donors,
although well intentioned, often want to see immediate results. n35 This creates
pressure on MFIs to implement too hastily, often before spending adequate time
identifying target groups and tailoring programs to local needs. n36
Government-run microfinance programs  [*192]  also face their own challenges,
often having distorted policy environments and lacking a business culture. n37

   Unfortunately, the legal and regulatory environment in some countries
prevents MFIs from adopting many sustainable practices. One way to help MFIs
become sustainable institutions is to allow MFIs to become deposit-taking
institutions. n38 By leveraging deposits, MFIs are able to continue issuing
microloans without being as dependent on outside sources. n39 Unfortunately,
although some MFIs have indicated interest in coupling microsavings programs
with microcredit, the legal and regulatory environment of most countries makes
this impracticable. n40 Targeted towards traditional banking, many countries'
banking laws set requirements for deposit-taking institutions that are
unrealistic for the majority of MFIs. n41 Capital requirements, reporting
protocols, and taxation policies may all prevent MFIs from mobilizing savings.
n42

   Allowing MFIs to become formal financial institutions could also allow them
greater access to international financial markets. n43 Traditional banks are
hesitant to invest in MFIs unless they have appropriate legal and financial
standing. n44 Outside investors may also be unwilling to back MFIs "unless
appropriate performance standards and regulation and supervision regimes are
developed and enforced and measures are introduced to protect public deposits."
n45 In addition to increasing private investment, many are hopeful that if MFIs
become viable finance institutions, they may be able to raise money through
securities issued in the formal financial market. n46

   C. An Enabling Legal and Regulatory Environment Can Help Maximize the
Potential of Microfinance

 Although there are many factors that need to be addressed before MFIs can reach
their maximum potential, n47 one key component is creating  [*193]  an
"enabling" legal and regulatory framework. n48 Rather than correcting perceived
abuses in an industry, "enabling" legislation aims to encourage new institutions
or improve the performance of existing ones. n49 Examples of enabling
legislation include revising existing banking regulations to allow
deposit-taking, n50 removing interest rate subsidies, n51 and encouraging
industry best practices by setting up MFI-appropriate auditing and reporting
requirements. n52 Creating an enabling legal and regulatory environment could
remove the barriers that prevent MFIs from becoming deposit-taking institutions.
n53 Having a positive and predictable regulatory environment could also
encourage existing microfinance backers to expand their current services. For
example, in a survey of existing microfinance institutions conducted in Vietnam,
most programs stated that they had no plan to expand their geographic scope or
to offer new services. n54 Most of these programs pointed to "the lack of a
clear legal and regulatory framework" as a key reason for their hesitancy to
expand. n55 In addition, many of the major institutional donors have begun to
scrutinize individual countries' legal and regulatory frameworks before deciding
to invest. n56 The ADB, one of the largest donors providing funding and
technical support in Asia, now has a policy of not assisting microfinance
programs in countries with an unfavorable policy environment. n57

   III. Although Microfinance in Vietnam Has Had Some Success, Enabling
Legislation Could Help MFIs Advance

 Vietnam's experience provides an interesting case study for other countries
considering implementing microfinance laws. Although there are a few other
countries with some form of microfinance legal framework, Vietnam's framework is
one of the newest. Rather than create a framework piece by piece, Vietnam
instead drafted its new law after undertaking a study  [*194]  financed by the
ADB. n58 Vietnam also has a fairly well-developed microfinance sector. It will
be instructive to observe the effects of the new framework on already existing
programs. Examining the considerations that went into the new law, as well as
its effects on the microfinance sector, will help other countries as they
consider whether and how to attempt creating an enabling microfinance framework.

   A. Despite Vietnam's Strong History of Supporting Microfinance, There Is Much
Room for Improvement

 Vietnam has a strong history of encouraging the development of financial
services for the poor. Vietnam's first experiments with microfinance came with
the Doi Moi reforms of the 1980s. n59 Formerly under a Soviet-style communist
system, in 1985 Vietnam instituted a number of free-market economic reforms,
eventually allowing private ownership of land. n60 Previously, the central
planning model generally ignored the financial needs of individuals and instead
focused on financing state-owned enterprises. n61 Gradually, the State Bank of
Vietnam ("State Bank") began to recognize the need for decentralized financial
services targeted toward the general population. n62 In 1990, the State Bank set
up the Vietnam Bank for Agriculture ("VBA") specifically to provide credit in
rural areas at subsidized interest rates. n63

   Despite some success, the VBA was not able to meet the full demand for loans
and the government responded by creating People's Credit Funds ("PCFs") and the
Vietnam Bank for the Poor ("VBP"). n64 Created in 1994, PCFs were modeled after
the credit-and-savings model developed by Yunus, with regional and national
credit unions set up to advise local groups. n65 The VBP, started a year later
in 1995, was set up to offer collateral-free subsidized credit services to
individuals too poor to qualify for other programs. n66 All three programs were
able to reach a large number of customers in a short time. By 1996, the VBA had
over 1800 branches providing credit to 7 million families, 674 PCFs were
operating with  [*195]  275,000 members, and the VBP had dispersed loans to
approximately 1.3 million families. n67 Also during this same time period, a
number of MFIs operated by non-governmental organizations ("NGOs") began work in
Vietnam. n68 As of 2005, with the government and NGO programs combined, an
estimated 70% of rural households were receiving some sort of MFI service. n69

   Despite commendable efforts by both the public and the private sectors, there
is still considerable room for improvement. Although Vietnam is currently the
second fastest growing economy in Asia, n70 as of 2004, it still had a poverty
rate of 28.9%. n71 MFIs may reach a large section of rural households, but
overall, 40% of poor households still do not have access to credit, either
through formal or informal services. n72 When they do have access, it is
generally only to short-term microcredit and not to other financial services.
n73 Because of the subsidized interest rates offered by government programs,
small NGO-run MFIs are often forced to operate at interest rates too low to
allow them to break even, much less expand their offerings. n74 A lack of
commercialized distribution channels n75 and poor transportation and
telecommunications infrastructure n76 also prevent existing programs from
reaching the poorest of the poor. n77 Even when MFIs operate in very
impoverished areas, many people do not take advantage of opportunities because
they do not understand the paperwork involved, are not aware of the existence of
the programs, or the programs are not tailored to their individual
circumstances. n78

[*196]

   C. Before Passage of the Microfinance Decree, the Ambiguous Legal Status of
MFIs Prevented Further Expansion of the Microfinance Sector

 Before passage of the Microfinance Decree, the only legal guidance covering
MFIs was the Law on Credit Institutions ("Credit Institutions Law"), a general
banking law that did not anticipate the unique features and challenges that
would arise with the development of microfinance. n79 The Credit Institutions
Law regulates the "organization and operation of credit institutions and banking
activities of other organizations." n80 The Credit Institutions Law defines
"credit institutions" as enterprises that receive deposits, extend credit, and
provide banking services. n81 It also defines a class of "non-bank credit
institutions," which provide some banking services but do not receive deposits
or accept payment services. n82 Although this definition appears to cover MFIs,
only joint-venture and 100% foreign-owned non-bank credit institutions are
allowed to apply for this status. n83 The Credit Institutions Law does not
specifically address the status of MFIs. n84 It states that those offering
financial services without a license are subject to administrative sanctions and
possibly even criminal prosecution. n85 Because MFIs could not establish
themselves as independent institutions and did not want to violate banking laws,
most operated as "projects" attached to other social programs. n86 Most
microfinance programs had more than one agency involved, and it was often
unclear who had ownership rights to a specific program. n87 This lack of
ownership transparency made many agencies hesitant about the longer-term
sustainability and accountability of microfinance programs. n88

   Although already-existing MFIs seem willing to bear the risk of offering
loans in an unpredictable policy environment, many MFIs are unwilling to expand
their offerings or to increase the scale of their operations. n89 When surveyed,
the majority of MFIs in Vietnam said that the  [*197]  most pressing need was
for change to the legal environment facing MFIs. n90 The ADB, one of the primary
microfinance donors in the region, has made legal reform one of the key
conditions for its continued assistance with microfinance programs in Vietnam.
n91 The World Bank's Rural Finance Program has also been unable to disburse
funds to Vietnamese MFIs because the programs lack a clear legal status. n92 A
legal system that provides licensing gives MFIs a government stamp of approval,
which, in turn, may make it easier for MFIs to access commercial financial
markets. n93 Many commercial banks and other capital lending institutions are
also unwilling to lend to microfinance programs that are not licensed. n94

   Outside of the ambiguous status of MFI loan programs, the Credit Institutions
Law specifically prohibits offering certain financial services. n95 Payment and
treasury services, n96 participation in the national monetary market, n97 and
engaging in the insurance business are all practices specifically limited to
recognized credit institutions. n98 Arguably, the government has an interest in
making sure that these types of services are limited to reputable companies.
Yet, although these services are offered through traditional banks, they are
usually not offered on terms that are realistic for the poor. n99

   Traditional banks are also ineffective at offering services in many
geographically remote areas. n100 Studies in other countries have demonstrated
that there is a vast demand for microfinance services that are not currently
offered. n101 In particular, there is a growing demand for microsavings and
microcredit services to help poor families weather financial risks such as
illness, death of a family member, and natural  [*198]  disasters. n102 An
enabling framework could allow MFIs to offer a wider range of microfinance
services while at the same time ensuring that these new services are offered by
stable accredited institutions.

   Another often cited barrier to the growth of the microfinance sector in
Vietnam is the government policy of offering subsidized interest rates in
state-administered MFI programs. n103 Bank lending rates are capped at
approximately 12-14% per annum. n104 The VBP has a policy of charging 8-9% while
many other national programs offer rates that are even lower. n105 MFIs
operating in Vietnam contend that in order to compete with government programs,
they are forced to offer comparable interest rates. n106 At these interest
rates, MFIs are unable to break even, much less expand their offerings. n107
Research in other countries has demonstrated that the poor are willing to pay
high interest rates to have access to financial services. n108 MFI operators
insist that eliminating interest rate subsidies would encourage efficiency and
allow MFIs to establish sustainable business models. n109

   IV. Although the Microfinance Decree Establishes Some Predictability, Its
Actual Impact May Yield Mixed Results

 Hoping to build on the existing microfinance framework, in January 2002, the
government of Vietnam signed an agreement with ADB to receive technical
assistance in the development of new microfinance legislation. n110 The final
version of the Microfinance Decree was promulgated on March 9, 2004. n111 The
Microfinance Decree requires that all microfinance operators transform into
regulated MFIs by March 2007. n112 The Microfinance Decree does not, however,
regulate PCFs or the VBP. n113

    [*199]  Now that Vietnam has passed a law specifically addressing the status
of MFIs, it is important to examine not only what the law says but also whether
the law meets the needs of the Vietnam microfinance sector. Specifically, this
section will examine the scope of the law, provisions regulating deposit taking,
finance activities allowed, measures to enforce industry best practice, and
requirements for MFIs ownership. Although on the surface many of the provisions
appear to boost the Microfinance sector, some provisions may actually hurt
existing MFIs. n114 The new law also reinforces the status quo rather than
encouraging innovation.

   A. By Requiring All MFIs to Comply, the Microfinance Decree May Push Smaller
MFIs Out of Business

 Forcing all MFIs to come up with legal capital unnecessarily curtails small
MFIs. Furthermore, it offers very little systemic benefit. The Microfinance
Decree, which regulates all MFIs operating in Vietnam, n115 gives them two years
from the date of enactment to comply with its provisions. n116 In order to
continue operation, each MFI must establish legal capital of 500 million VND ($
31,400) n117 and must apply for a license with the State Bank. n118 Although it
is important that a new law provide stability and predictability, bringing all
MFIs under one umbrella may prove counterproductive. An enabling law will
ideally encourage willing MFIs to expand outside the grassroots, donor-funded,
microcredit model while still protecting organizations that choose to follow the
traditional model. n119

   An enabling law should not preclude the grassroots model for MFIs, but
forcing all MFIs to comply with registration requirements and to establish legal
capital may do exactly that. Small MFIs' resources are stretched so thin that
they may not be able to generate the required legal capital. n120 Although
already established MFIs may find ways to secure the capital, the capital
requirement may discourage the establishment of new grassroots-level MFIs. There
is a growing consensus that not all MFIs need to be regulated. n121 The main
purpose of requiring legal capital is to ensure that financial institutions do
not pose a threat to the financial system as a  [*200]  whole. n122 MFIs that
only offer microloans do not pose a system-wide risk because, if they fold,
there is no negative repercussion to their clients (in fact, it may provide a
benefit because the clients may not have to repay their loans). n123 Government
oversight is cost intensive, and regulating all MFIs adds unnecessary
administrative costs. n124 Forcing all MFIs to come up with legal capital could
unnecessarily curtail small MFIs and otherwise offer very little systemic
benefit. n125

   B. The New Microfinance Decree Improves Microfinance Regulation by Allowing
MFIs to Become Deposit-Taking Institutions

 The most promising features of the Microfinance Decree are aimed at allowing
MFIs to become deposit-taking institutions. First, the Microfinance Decree
allows MFIs to accept voluntary savings if they meet certain conditions. n126
Deposit-taking MFIs must meet a higher legal capital requirement of five billion
VND ($ 314,000). n127 Second, before starting savings programs, MFIs must also
have received compulsory savings for at least three years, have had sound
operation for the last three years, have adequate administrators, controllers
and managers, and have sufficient information systems. n128 These new provisions
are perhaps the most beneficial contribution of the new Microfinance Decree
because they outline a clear, predictable route by which MFIs can become
deposit-taking institutions. n129 The legal capital requirement is quite
reasonable compared to other countries in the region. n130 Yet the capital
requirement is high enough to preserve stability in the financial system as a
whole by ensuring that only MFIs with adequate capital are offering deposit
services. Requiring MFIs to operate for three years also helps to minimize
systemic risk by making sure that only healthy MFIs become deposit-taking
institutions. Third, the personnel and information system requirements also
ensure that MFIs have the infrastructure in place to manage new deposits.
Lastly, the opt-in nature of these provisions allows MFIs to take on new
programs and services on their own timetable. This aspect of the new law
encourages growth and  [*201]  minimizes systemic risk while still allowing MFIs
to create their own agendas.

   C. The Range of Services Authorized Under the Microfinance Decree Will Allow
MFIs to Expand the Scope of Their Operations

 In addition to legitimizing programs already operating in Vietnam, the
Microfinance Decree authorizes three new microfinance activities. First, the
Microfinance Decree specifically allows capital mobilization through compulsory
and voluntary savings. n131 Second, the Microfinance Decree allows MFIs to work
as agents for banks and insurance companies. n132 Third, the Microfinance Decree
authorizes some payment services but does not elaborate on what those payment
services will be. n133 The Microfinance Decree does not, unfortunately, leave
open the option to explore other activities outside the services specifically
authorized. n134

   By formally endorsing already existing programs, the Microfinance Decree
helps bring clarity to a previously confusing policy environment. MFIs can feel
confident that existing programs are now government-sanctioned, which may make
MFIs more willing to expand services into new areas. n135 One of the criticisms
of Vietnam's existing microfinance environment is that the financial products
available often do not meet the needs of the poorest of the poor. n136 Allowing
a greater range of services also gives MFIs more room to experiment with service
offerings and to tailor their programs to the needs of their most needy
constituents. n137

   Although the new set of allowed activities gives MFIs some room to expand
their offerings, the law does not go as far as it should. MFIs are only allowed
to offer financial products listed in the Microfinance Decree. n138 This new
range of services gives MFIs room to expand and experiment, but limits growth by
not giving them the option to create innovative products. Because the needs and
financial problems of the poor are so unique, the financial solutions to these
problems may need to be non-traditional. n139 It is  [*202]  understandable that
Vietnam's government may not want to give MFIs too much leeway in creating new
financial products that may pose some system risk. However, modifying the legal
structure to allow experimentation on a case-by-case basis would open the field
to innovation while still allowing the government to maintain some level of
control.

   D. Although the Microfinance Decree's Provisions Aimed at Encouraging Best
Practices Will Raise the Level of Professionalism, They Will Unduly Burden Small
MFIs

 The Microfinance Decree's provisions aimed at encouraging industry best
practice will help to strengthen existing microfinance programs and to raise
professionalism in the industry. In order to apply for licensing, all MFIs must
submit a draft charter, a feasibility study, curriculum vitas of all leaders,
documentation on capital contributors, and information on the MFI's financial
situation. n140 The Microfinance Decree lays out organizational governance
standards, requiring that each MFI have a Board of Management, an Audit
Committee, and a Director. n141 The Microfinance Decree lists a number of
factors which may disqualify a person from serving in any of these positions,
including having a criminal history, being a representative of a company that
failed because of bankruptcy or legal violations, or being a close relative of
someone else in management. n142 The Microfinance Decree authorizes the State
Bank to set requirements for the qualifications of each of these governing
bodies. n143 The Microfinance Decree also authorizes the State Bank and the
Ministry of Finance to implement a standardized reporting and statistics system
for all MFIs. n144

   On one hand, these new requirements take positive steps towards enabling the
microfinance industry in Vietnam. Requiring feasibility studies will encourage
MFIs to have well thought out long-range objectives and may prevent the ad hoc
attempts of the past. Setting minimum requirements for leaders will also help to
encourage professionalism in the industry and prevent people with criminal pasts
from entering the industry. A unified reporting and statistic system could help
MFIs share information with each other and foster efforts to improve the
industry as a whole. n145 The reports  [*203]  could also help the Bank of
Vietnam to assess the status of the industry and develop policies that are more
responsive to current needs. n146

   Unfortunately, compelling all MFIs to comply with licensing requirements may
also place undue burdens on cash-strapped, small MFIs. Audits and statistical
reports are often expensive and labor intensive. One MFI in Latin America found
that complying with reporting requirements in their country cost an amount equal
to 5% of their loan portfolio. n147 Some practitioners in the microfinance
industry are also concerned that the qualifications requirements for leaders
will not be achievable. n148 They are also concerned that Vietnam does not have
enough qualified individuals to fill all the positions necessary. n149 If this
is true, there will be a higher than normal demand for qualified individuals and
small MFIs may not be able to afford the salaries. This perceived shortage of
qualified individuals will most likely disappear over time, but in the short run
small MFIs may not be able to find leadership that qualifies them to register
for MFI status.

   E. New Provisions Restricting MFI Ownership Unnecessarily Reinforce the
Status Quo

 The Microfinance Decree lays out two types of organizations that may establish
MFIs in Vietnam. The first type consists of "socio-political organizations,
social organizations, socio-professional organizations of Vietnam, charity funds
and social funds." n150 The second group includes "Vietnamese non-governmental
organizations." n151 Conspicuously absent from these groups are commercial
organizations or foreign-run organizations. n152 The Microfinance Decree does
allow foreign organizations and individuals to contribute capital to authorized
groups, but it does not clarify what role these foreign entities may have in
MFIs. n153

   The Microfinance Decree echoes provisions in the Credit Institutions Law that
discourage foreign financial institutions from participating in the Vietnamese
system. n154 Discouraging the full participation of foreign and commercial
enterprises is short-sighted at best. Worldwide, foreign non-  [*204]  profits
are important sources of MFI funding. n155 In Vietnam, the presence of foreign
non-profits is still limited. n156 Although the Microfinance Decree provides
predictability for domestic institutions, foreign institutions are left in a
policy environment just as unpredictable as before. Although they are new
players in the microfinance scene, commercial entities provide an important
source of possible future growth. n157 Carlos Labarthe of Compartamos, the
largest microfinance institution in Latin America, argues that within five
years, 80-90% of microfinance institutions will be commercial. n158 Some
scholars, policy-makers, and commentators contend that commercialization is the
only way to meet the vast demand for microfinance services. n159 Although it may
be wise for the Vietnamese government to develop guidelines that ensure
commercial microfinance programs fulfill social objectives, completely barring
them from entering the field discourages innovation.

   V. Vietnam Needs to Protect Small MFIs, Include New Players, and Create a
Supporting Regulatory Framework

 Although the new Microfinance Decree helps establish some predictability and
stability in the microfinance system, the new regulatory scheme has a long way
to go before it can truly enable MFIs operating in Vietnam. During its final
assessment of the new law, the ADB stated that "it is expected that the decree
will mark an improvement in the policy environment, but will still fall short of
a genuinely enabling decree." n160 The Vietnam regulatory scheme could be vastly
improved by finding a way to accommodate small MFIs, addressing the issue of
interest rate subsidies, finding a way to include international and commercial
players, and making sure that the regulatory framework that is in place is
effectively administered.

[*205]

   A. The Microfinance Framework in Vietnam Should Be Altered to Encourage the
Growth of Small MFIs

 Rather than enabling the growth of the microfinance sector, the Microfinance
Decree instead threatens the viability of small, grassroots MFIs. As discussed,
n161 the Microfinance Decree sets capital requirements and reporting standards
with which cash-strapped MFIs find it difficult to comply. n162 Vietnam could
adjust its framework to accommodate these smaller MFIs in a number of ways.
Perhaps the easiest way would be to exempt MFIs under a certain size from
complying with regulations. These MFIs are so small that they do not pose a
systemic threat to the Vietnamese banking system. At the very least, the small
MFIs could be given an extended time period before they have to comply so that
they can build capital to meet the Microfinance Decree's requirements.

   If Vietnam is unwilling to exempt small MFIs, another option is to create a
separate category for MFIs under a certain size. The Microfinance Decree has two
tiers for requirements: one for non-deposit-taking institutions and another for
deposit-taking institutions. n163 Adding a third tier for small MFIs that meet
certain requirements would allow the government to maintain some control over
MFIs while still leaving a place for small MFIs within the system.

   B. Vietnam's Microfinance Legal Framework Should Include Commercial and
International Players

 In addition to taking further steps to protect existing MFIs, Vietnam should
modify the current framework to include new players. The current regulations
reinforce the status quo by allowing only domestic, non-profit entities to
operate as MFIs. n164 Although the Microfinance Decree allows foreign and
commercial groups to invest in existing MFIs, it is vague as to what role these
groups may have in directing the day-to-day affairs of MFIs in which they
invest. n165 Lawmakers should modify the existing framework by changing the
provisions that restrict foreign and commercial entities. If the Vietnamese
government has specific concerns about these entities, they could include
requirements that guarantee MFIs run by these entities still meet social
objectives. For example, the Vietnamese government could  [*206]  include
consumer protection provisions to ensure that commercial MFIs do not take
advantage of their customers.

   If the Microfinance Decree is not modified to allow these new players to own
MFIs outright, policy-makers should, at the very least, alter the law to clarify
the status of commercial and foreign entities investing in existing MFIs.
Foreign and commercial partners may be unwilling to contribute money to MFIs
when there is no guarantee that the funds will be used according to their
wishes. Commercial entities in particular may be unwilling to bear the risk of
partnering with MFIs if their claim on funds is tenuous. Although commercial
players are just beginning to take part in the global microfinance industry,
many predict that commercially-driven microfinance projects will be the next
wave of growth. n166 If Vietnam does not take steps to clarify the status of
commercial investors, MFIs in the country may be passed over for MFIs in
countries where the status is clearer. Cutting off this valuable source of
potential funds is short-sighted and does not enable Vietnam to participate in
the global MFI market to the same extent as other countries in the region.

   C. Vietnam's New Microfinance Law Can Enable Growth Only If It Is Supported
by Enabling Regulations

 Even with the positive changes outlined in the Microfinance Decree, the new law
on microfinance will not create an enabling environment unless it is actually
implemented. The Microfinance Decree indicates a number of future regulations
which must be promulgated by the State Bank. n167 Drafting these regulations
will require a large amount of funding and expertise. In 2005, the ADB launched
a technical assistance program which authorized $ 315,000 in funding to help
Vietnam follow through with the creation of the necessary supporting regulatory
framework. n168 This technical assistance program will not only assist with
drafting legal documents, but will also provide training for State Bank staff
and workshops for MFIs. n169 The technical assistance program also includes
funds for sending two delegations of government officials on study tours of
other Asian countries that already have strong, well-developed microfinance
regulatory structures. n170

    [*207]  Although the ADB technical assistance program will help to establish
a strong foundation, the State Bank must make implementation a key focus in
order for the Microfinance Decree to enable the microfinance industry in
Vietnam. MFIs may have very little incentive to follow the industry best
practices outlined in the Microfinance Decree if there is no oversight. MFIs
will also be more incentivized to comply with reporting procedures if the data
gathered is used to create more favorable policy. Perhaps most importantly, in
order for the new Microfinance Decree to create stability and predictability,
the regulations that support it must also be clear, unambiguous, and easy to
navigate. Without an easy-to-navigate regulatory scheme, MFIs may still hesitate
to expand current offerings or start new programs.

   VI. Conclusion

 With the assistance of the ADB, Vietnam joined the ranks of a growing number of
countries that have created a special legal and regulatory framework for MFIs.
Although the Microfinance Decree helps to provide more stability and
predictability, the new law also contains provisions which place undue burdens
on small MFIs and unnecessarily limit the participation of foreign and domestic
entities. In order for the new law to truly enable the growth of microfinance,
Vietnam needs to accommodate small MFIs, include measures to encourage the
participation of new types of MFIs, and make sure that the provisions already in
place are actually implemented. If Vietnam continues to move towards a truly
enabling environment, it will be able to build from a solid foundation and help
its poorest citizens become full participants in Vietnam's growing economy.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawBank ActivitiesSecuritiesNonbank BanksBanking LawNational
BanksInterest & UsuryGeneral OverviewInsurance LawExcess InsuranceUmbrella
Policies

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Press Release, Nobel Foundation, The Nobel Peace Prize for 2006 (Oct. 13,
2006), http://nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/peace/laureates/2006/ press.html.





n2.  Michael Phillips et al., 'Microloan' Father Yunus Is Awarded Nobel Peace
Prize - Bank Spurred Global Movement Through Aid to Women, Poor; Major Insurers
Following Suit, Wall St. J., Oct. 14, 2006, at B1.





n3.  For a summary of microfinance initiatives in many different countries, see
United Nations Resource Library - Country Profiles,
http://www.yearofmicrocredit.org/pages/reslib/reslib_cou ntry_ profiles.asp
(last visited Apr. 17, 2007).





n4.  Betsy Cummings, Tiny Loans Stimulate the Appetite for More, N.Y. Times,
Jan. 27, 2005, at C1.





n5.  Asian Development Bank, Finance for the Poor: Microfinance Development
Strategy 17 (2000).





n6.  Aaron Jones, Promotion of Commercially-Viable Microfinance Sector in
Emerging Markets, 13 Geo. J. on Poverty L. & Pol'y 187, 195 (2006).





n7.  Joselito Gallardo, The World Bank, Framework for Regulating Microfinance
Institutions: The Experience in Ghana and in the Philippines 4 (2002).





n8.  The Legal and Regulatory Framework Required to Enable Micro-finance
Institutions to Operate Effectively, Countdown 2005: Newsl. of Microcredit
Summit Campaign, May 2001, available at
http://www.microcreditsummit.org/newsletter/aprms5.htm [hereinafter Newsletter
of Microcredit Summit Campaign].





n9.  Jones, supra note 6, at 194. There are many different viewpoints on who
fits into the category of the "poorest of the poor." See generally Measuring
Poverty, http://go.worldbank.org/ZL042FVII0 (last visited Apr. 17, 2007).





n10.  Gallardo, supra note 7, at 4.





n11.  For information on the current status of legislation in many countries,
see Microfinance Regulation and Supervision Resource Center,
http://microfinancegateway.com/resource_centers/reg_sup (last visited Apr. 17,
2007).





n12.  Jones, supra note 6, at 204.





n13.  Decree of the Government on Organization and Operation of Micro Finance
Institutions in Vietnam, 28/2005/ ND - CP (2005) available at
http://microfinancegateway.org/files/25507_file_Decree_ on_org_and_op_of_MFIs
&uscore ;in_Vietnam.pdf. [hereinafter Microfinance Decree].





n14.  Jones, supra note 6, at 187.





n15.  Isobel Coleman, Defending Microfinance, 29-WTR Fletcher F. World Aff. 181,
182 (2005).





n16.  Kenneth Anderson, Microcredit: Fulfilling or Belying the Universalist
Morality of Globalizing Markets?, 5 Yale Hum. Rts. & Dev. L.J. 85, 90-91 (2002).





n17.  Khandakar Elahi & Danopoulos, Microfinance and Third World Development: A
Critical Analysis, 32 J. Pol. & Military Soc. 61, 62 (2004).





n18.  For a detailed history of Muhammad Yunus' pioneering efforts, see Muhammad
Yunus & Alan Jolis, Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle Against
World Poverty (1999).





n19.  Connie Bruck, Millions for Millions, New Yorker, Oct. 30, 2006, at 62.





n20.  Id.





n21.  Celia Dugger, Peace Prize to Pioneer of Loans for Those Too Poor to
Borrow, N.Y. Times, Oct. 14, 2006, at A1.





n22.  Yunus & Jolis, supra note 18, at xi.





n23.  Key Information of the Grammen Bank,
http://www.grameen-info.org/infoharvus$ .html (last visited Apr. 17, 2007).





n24.  Marguerite S. Robinson, The Microfinance Revolution: Sustainable Finance
for the Poor 6 (2001).





n25.  International Year of Microcredit 2005, http://www.yearofmicrocredit.org
(last visited Apr. 17, 2007).





n26.  Phillips et al., supra note 2.





n27.  Eric Bellman, Invisible Hand: Entrepreneur Gets Big Banks to Back Very
Small Loans - icrolending-for-Profit Effort In India Draws Business From
Citigroup, HSBC - Ms. Dobbala's Baby Buffalo, Wall St. J. (Eastern Edition), May
15, 2006, at A1.





n28.  Bruck, supra note 19.





n29.  Phillips et al., supra note 2.





n30.  Id.





n31.  Asian Development Bank, supra note 5, at 22.





n32.  Brett E. Coleman, Asian Development Bank, The Role of the Asian
Development Bank in Promoting the Development of Microfinance in Lao PDR and
Viet Nam 2 (2003), available at http://www.microfinancegateway.org/files/
27552_file_6.pdf.





n33.  Id.





n34.  Asian Development Bank, supra note 5, at 17.





n35.  Celia R. Taylor, Microcredit as Model: A Critique of State/NGO Relations,
29 Syracuse J. Int'l. L. & Com. 303, 327-28 (2002).





n36.  Id.





n37.  Coleman, supra note 32, at 2.





n38.  Gallardo, supra note 7, at 4.





n39.  Id.





n40.  Newsletter of Microcredit Summit Campaign, supra note 8.





n41.  Id.





n42.  Id.





n43.  Gallardo, supra note 7, at 4.





n44.  Id. at 2.





n45.  Coleman, supra note 32, at 3.





n46.  Gallardo, supra note 7, at 4.





n47.  Other significant factors that need to be addressed include the lack of
transportation, irrigation and telecommunications infrastructure. Pierre
Fallavier, Developing Micro-Finance Institutions in Vietnam: Policy Implications
to Set up An Enabling Environment 55 (1994) (M.A. thesis, McGill University),
available at http://www.arts.uwaterloo.ca/<diff>vecon/download/fallavier/
mfi_vnm.pdf.





n48.  Robert Christen et al., Consultative Group to Assist the Poor & World
Bank, Microfinance Consensus Guidelines: Guiding Principles on Regulation and
Supervision of Microfinance 8 (July 2003), available at
http://microfinancegateway.org/files/13473_13473.pdf.





n49.  Id.





n50.  Id. at 10.





n51.  Kate Druschel & Anna Bantug-Herrara, USAID, microNote 10: The Ultimate
Balancing Act: Investor Confidence And Regulatory Considerations For
Microfinance (2005), available at http://www.microlinks.org/ev_en.php?ID=9097
_201&ID2=DO_TOPIC.





n52.  Christen et al., supra note 48, at 10.





n53.  Gallardo, supra note 7, at 4.





n54.  Coleman, supra note 32, at 18.





n55.  Id.





n56.  Id. at 2.





n57.  Id.





n58.  B. Byambasaikhan, Asian Development Bank, Technical Assistant Completion
Report: TA 3741-VIE (2004), available at
http://www.adb.org/Documents/TACRs/VIE/tacr-vie-3741.pdf.





n59.  Fallavier, supra note 47, at 48.





n60.  See id.





n61.  Id. at 64.





n62.  Id. at 65.





n63.  Id. at 65-66.





n64.  Id. at 66.





n65.  Id. at 65-66.





n66.  Id. at 66.





n67.  Id. at 65-66.





n68.  Id. at 68.





n69.  Doan Anh Tuan, Vietnam's New Law on Microfinance: On the Way to an
Enabling Environment 4 (Consultative Group to Assist the Poor, Essays on
Regulation and Supervision No. 17, 2005).





n70.  Joan L. Levinstein & Clay Chandler, Vietnam VroooooM: Asia's
Second-Fastest-Growing Economy is Surging Ahead - and Taking Its Place on the
Global Stage, Fortune, Dec. 11, 2006, at 147.





n71.  Tuan, supra note 69, at 3.





n72.  Daniel L. Zook, The Vietnamese Microfinance Sector 3 (The William Davidson
Inst., Policy Briefs No. 35, 2005) available at
http://www.wdi.umich.edu/Publications/PolicyBriefs.





n73.  Tuan, supra note 69, at 5.





n74.  Id.





n75.  Id.





n76.  Fallavier, supra note 47, at 55.





n77.  Id.





n78.  Id. at 59.





n79.  Law 02-1997-QH10 on Credit Institutions (Vietnam) [hereinafter Credit
Institutions Law].





n80.  Id. at preamble.





n81.  Id. art. 20(1).





n82.  Id. art. 20(3).





n83.  Id. art. 107.





n84.  See generally Credit Institutions Law, supra note 79.





n85.  Id. arts. 125(1), 126.





n86.  Tuan, supra note 69, at 9.





n87.  Zook, supra note 72, at 4.





n88.  Id.





n89.  Adam McCarty, Microfinance in Vietnam: A Survey of Schemes and Issues 23
(2001).





n90.  Id.





n91.  B. Coleman, Asian Development Bank, Technical Assistance to the Socialist
Republic of Viet Nam for Implementing the Regulatory and Supervisory Framework
for Microfinance 3-4 (2005).





n92.  Nguyen Thi Hien Chi, Joint Vienna Institution, Pro-Poor Financial System
Development 13 (2004).





n93.  Jones, supra note 6, at 201.





n94.  Zook, supra note 72, at 4.





n95.  Credit Institutions Law, supra note 79, ch. 3, § 4, art. 70.





n96.  Id. ch. 3, § 3.





n97.  Id. ch. 3, § 4, art. 70.





n98.  Id. ch. 3, § 4, art. 74.





n99.  Chi, supra note 92, at 10.





n100.  Fallavier, supra note 47, at 53.





n101.  Asian Development Bank, supra note 5, at 10-11. See Country Profiles,
http://www.yearofmicrocredit.org/pages/reslib/reslib_cou ntry_profiles.asp (last
visited Apr. 24, 2007), for country-specific information.





n102.  See Manfred Zeller & Manohar Sharma, Many Borrow, More Save, and All
Insure: Implications for Food and Micro-Finance Policy, 25 Food Pol'y 143
(2000), for an in-depth discussion of the demand for these services.





n103.  James Seward, The World Bank Financial Sector Group, Financial Sector
Policy Issues Note: Vietnam Bank for Social Policies 14 (2004).





n104.  Asian Development Bank, Technical Assistance to the Socialist Republic of
Viet Nam for Preparing the Framework for Microfinance Development 3 (2001).





n105.  Id.





n106.  Seward, supra note 103, at 17.





n107.  Tuan, supra note 69, at 7.





n108.  Yoko Miyashita, Microfinance and Poverty Alleviation: Lessons from
Indonesia's Village Banking System, 10 Pac. Rim L. & Pol'y J. 147, 159 (2000).





n109.  Coleman, supra note 91, at 4.





n110.  Tuan, supra note 69, at 10.





n111.  Microfinance Decree, supra note 13.





n112.  Tuan, supra note 69, at 11.





n113.  Id.





n114.  Microfinance Decree, supra note 13, arts. 3, 8, 16, 32.





n115.  Id. art. 1, § 1.





n116.  Id. art. 37, § 2.





n117.  Id. art. 3, § a.





n118.  Id. art. 11.





n119.  Gallardo, supra note 7, at 5-6.





n120.  Tuan, supra note 69, at 12.





n121.  Jones, supra note 6, at 201.





n122.  Christen et al., supra note 48, at 21.





n123.  Id. at 7-8.





n124.  Jones, supra note 6, at 201.





n125.  Id.





n126.  Microfinance Decree, supra note 13, art. 3.





n127.  Id. art. 3, § b.





n128.  Id. art. 8, § 7.





n129.  Tuan, supra note 69, at 12.





n130.  Id. (describing that the legal capital requirement in Vietnam is 724
times annual per capita GDP, well below the standard for Pakistan, set at 21,078
times annual per capita GDP).





n131.  Microfinance Decree, supra note 13, art. 22.





n132.  Id. art. 24.





n133.  Id. art. 26.





n134.  Id. art. 21.





n135.  Jones, supra note 6, at 201.





n136.  Fallavier, supra note 47, at 55. See, e.g., id. at 56-59 (explaining how
current microfinance programs do not meet the needs of households that earn
their livelihood through farming or fishing).





n137.  Id. at 92.





n138.  See Microfinance Decree, supra note 13, ch. 4, for more detail on the
types of services authoritzed by the Microfinance Decree.





n139.  Fallavier, supra note 47, at 92.





n140.  Microfinance Decree, supra note 13, art. 9.





n141.  Id. art. 16(1).





n142.  Id. art. 18.





n143.  Id. art. 16(4).





n144.  Id. art. 32.





n145.  Fallavier, supra note 47, at 92.





n146.  Id. at 93.





n147.  Robert Peck Christen & Richard Rosenberg, The Rush to Regulate: Legal
Frameworks for Microfinance 11 (1999).





n148.  Tuan, supra note 69, at 15.





n149.  Id.





n150.  Microfinance Decree, supra note 13, art. 1(2)(a).





n151.  Id. art. 1(2)(b).





n152.  Id. art. 1.





n153.  Id. art. 1(3).





n154.  Credit Institutions Law, supra note 79, ch.1, art. 12.





n155.  See Alexia Latortue, et al., Managing the Floodgates? Making the Most of
International Flows of Microfinance Funding (2006), for a general discussion of
microfinance funding worldwide.





n156.  McCarty, supra note 89, at 6.





n157.  Bruck, supra note 19.





n158.  Id.





n159.  Jones, supra note 6, at 187.





n160.  Byambasaikhan, supra note 58, at 2.





n161.  Supra Part III.A.





n162.  Microfinance Decree, supra note 13, arts. 3, 32.





n163.  Id. arts. 3, 8.





n164.  Id. art. 1.





n165.  Id. art. 1.





n166.  Jones, supra note 6, at 193-94.





n167.  See Coleman, supra note 91, at 2, for a list of specific areas for
regulation.





n168.  Id. at 4.





n169.  Id. at 3.





n170.  Id. at 8.


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 16, 2013 Monday

Microloans, assistance discussed at beekeeper's meeting

BYLINE: Wil Petty, Jefferson Post, West Jefferson, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Sept. 16--The monthly meeting by the Ashe County Beekeepers Association was led
with a presentation by representatives of the Farm Service Agency

Julia Houck, community director of the FSA and Sunny Estes, a farm loan manager
for the organization were on hand to answer questions beekeepers might have had
about maintaining their hives.

One topic during the meeting was on the types of insurance available that might
cover the potential amount of honey lost by this year's rainfall,

Beekeepers were also offered information about farm loans available that could
be used to purchase new equipment.

Part of the presentation was on the Non-insurable Assistance Program (NAP). In
NAP, all honey is considered a single crop, and the honey made for human
consumption is eligible for the assistance.

"(NAP) covers crops that risk management or regular crop insurance will not
cover," Houck said. "Honey is covered under that, but it isn't the bees, it's
the production."

Excessive moisture is one of the eligible causes for loss. The assistance would
cost beekeepers $250 a year, but would cover all parts of the nation.

Houck said keepers need to know their annual production of honey (APH) in order
for the benefits to work. In 2013 there is an average yield of 49 pounds per
colony with honey costing approximately $2.38 a pound.

"This is a disaster year," she said. "So if you field your APH you won't be held
to this low yield, because it will be your actual production history. If you
don't have the records to field your APH, then you're stuck with this low
yield."

Houck said that a total loss would need to happen for this program to be able to
pay, but noted the option was available.

"It is not the best program in the world, but as far as I know it's the only
insurance on your honey," she said.

The other option that was presented by the FSA representatives were microloans,
which allow farmers to take out a maximum of $35,000 to buy equipment, annual
items and essential tools.

Estes said that those applying cannot have already been given a loan by a bank.

"The reason for that is that we have very limited funding, so we have to save
the money for those who can't get commission credit," she said.

There are two types of microloans available through the FSA. An annual loan can
be provided so farmers can buy seed, fertilizer and anything that will be used
throughout the year and a term loan that is used for equipment and livestock,
such as queen bees.

Estes said the new fiscal year in which the microloans will be available starts
on Oct. 1. These loans will be given on a first-come first-served basis.

"Basically the term of the loan is based on the life of the security," she said.

For more information on the assistance or microloan, email Houck at
Julia.Houck@nc.usda.gov

___ (c)2013 the Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, N.C.) Visit the Jefferson Post
(West Jefferson, N.C.) at www.jeffersonpost.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130916-1WJ-Microloans
-assistance-discussed-at-beekeeper-s-meeting-0916-20130916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WJ


                         Copyright 2013 Jefferson Post


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                     February 26, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

VEDC Offering Easy Qualify Microloans as Low as $1,000

LENGTH: 270  words


Feb. 26 -- VEDC will be waiving the closing cost on all microloans up to $10,000
through March 31, 2015. This represents a savings up to $300 on an approved
loan. The "Easy Qualify" microloans are available in amounts ranging from $1,000
up to $50,000. The simple application is available online at: (www.microloan
.org).

VEDC has long been an alternative funding source for business owners who have
been turned down by banks by providing true business loans. The non-profit
organization provides access to capital to business owners who lack access to
traditional financing.

Their microloan program is an alternative to credit cards with high interest
rates, friends and family or other predatory lending organizations. With a real
business loan from VEDC, you will have a set monthly payment with an annual
interest rate. VEDC understands the hard-working culture of the entrepreneur
community and wants to empower the small business owners to make their dream a
reality.

VEDC knows that small business owners are still trying to recover from the
economic crisis and that is why each application is examined on a case-by-case
basis. VEDC has been working with small business owners for 38 years and they
understand the challenges you face.

VEDC also offers free training to small business owners or those thinking of
starting a business. VEDC is committed to offering small business owners the
training you need to give your business the best chance at success!

If you are ready to start your own business or to take your business to the next
level don't wait. Visit: (www.microloan.org) and start the process today!

Source: VEDC

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                               September 23, 2013

On the Record

LENGTH: 1068 words


On the Record

Look for updates at IBJ.com:

n The Finish Line Inc. is set to report fiscal second-quarter earnings Sept. 27.
Previous quarterly earnings fell 59 percent due to increased expenses related to
the company's launch of new locations in Macy's department stores.

n The Indianapolis Historic Preservation Commission is scheduled to hold a
public hearing at 4:30 p.m. Sept. 26 in Room 118 of the City-County Building to
discuss plans to designate Monument Circle a preservation district.

n IBJ's Sept. 30 lists: Largest Indianapolis-Area Assisted-Living Facilities,
ranked by assisted-living units; and largest Indianapolis-Area Not-for-Profits,
ranked by fiscal 2012 revenue.

n Sept. 30 Meeting and Event Planning Guide lists: Highest-Revenue-Generating
Indiana Gambling Facilities, ranked by 2012 revenue; Largest Indianapolis-Area
Hotels, ranked by number of guest rooms; Most Popular Indianapolis-Area
Attractions, ranked by 2012 attendance; and Largest Indianapolis-Area Travel
Agencies, ranked by 2012 local gross sales. ARTS

Microloan program

swells to $2M

A microloan program for small businesses in Indianapolis has received a torrent
of funding from the JPMorgan Chase Foundation-boosting the fund from $155,000
last fall to $2 million.

Business Ownership Initiative, a unit of the Indy Chamber, launched its
microloan fund last September to help small business owners in Indianapolis. It
has relied on grants from the Glick Fund, the Indiana Housing and Community
Development Authority, and from the city.

"This new funding source for our microloan program can help us extend our reach
even further," BOI's executive director, Julie Grice, said in a prepared
statement.

The partnership with BOI and Chase expands the project beyond the core of
Indianapolis and likely will reach businesses in untapped neighborhoods, said
Dennis Bassett, chairman of Chase Indiana.

With the Chase funding, Indy Chamber now has the largest microloan plan in the
country, officials said. Businesses must meet with a business coach to assist
them in the loan application.

Microloan programs have been popular for years in developing countries, which
don't have traditional banking infrastructure.

MEDIA & MARKETING

Wenck steps in for Poyser at Nuvo

Nuvo's long-time managing editor, Jim Poyser, is heading for a new job and will
be replaced by former WIBC-FM 93.1 radio personality and author Ed Wenck.

Poyser is the new executive director of Earth Charter Indiana. He began
freelancing for the alternative weekly Nuvo in 1994 and had been managing editor
for 13 years.

Earth Charter is a not-for-profit that promotes pro-environmental practices
statewide.

Wenck's shift to Nuvo may surprise radio listeners, but he has a knack for
writing. He penned three books, including "Know Your Zombies," which he co-wrote
with IBJ arts and entertainment editor Lou Harry.

Wenck also has contributed to Nuvo previously, including a piece last June about
a woman who donated a kidney to her boyfriend.

The former stand-up comedian was cohost of the Wank & O'Brien show at Emmis
Communications' WLHK-FM 97.1 for a number of years and more recently rode the
afternoon drive at WIBC. Last March he walked away from the microphone to work
in sales for Emmis.

Poyser, a native of South Bend, said his interest in the environment and
sustainability were piqued two years ago when Nuvo publisher/editor Kevin
McKinney bought Indiana Living Green, of which Poyser was editor.

REAL ESTATE

Colliers expands

multifamily team

Colliers International's Indiana region has significantly beefed up its
investment and multifamily operations by attracting four brokers from rival
Marcus & Millichap.

The new additions joining Michael Drew, who had been the office's loan
investment and multifamily broker, are team leader Michael H. Wernke, in
addition to Cory Detamore, Evan Bryant and Maria Stein.

Wernke, Stein and Bryant are located in the Indianapolis office, while Detamore
will be based in Crown Point.

With more than 36 years of combined experience, the Wernke team has completed
nearly 200 investment transactions totaling more than $600 million in Indiana
and other Midwest markets.

Seattle-based Colliers has more than 480 offices in 62 countries.

RETAIL

Simon sues another

Circle Centre food tenant

Circle Centre mall's food court could be losing another tenant.

Frullati Cafe & Bakery, operated by Scottsdale, Ariz.-based Kahala Corp., owes
the mall at least $23,439 in back rent, according to a lawsuit filed Sept. 10 by
landlord Simon Property Group Inc. in Marion Superior Court.

Circle Centre mall's food court already has one vacancy. Currito, which closed
in May after parent company Nicar Enterprises Inc. of Hamilton, Ohio, fell
behind $23,581 in rent, according to a lawsuit filed in February.

The lawsuit naming Frullati follows a letter Simon sent to parent Kahala in July
notifying the company of the delinquency.

Frullati, which operates in 917 square feet at the third-floor food court,
signed a 10-year lease in August 2005. The company pays $96,129 per year, or
roughly $8,010 each month, in base rent, according to the suit.

Kahala did not respond to a request for comment. Frullati has one other location
in Indianapolis at Castleton Square Mall.

Besides Frullati, Kahala's brands include Blimpie and Cold Stone Creamery.

TRANSPORTATION

Pilots heap praise

on state lawmakers

Indiana aviators are still celebrating two tax breaks created in the 2013
legislative session, one eliminating a sales tax on parts and repairs and a
restructuring of the fuel tax that translates to hundreds in savings per
fill-up.

The Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association recently gave its highest honor, the
Presidential Citation, to House Speaker Brian Bosma, R-Indianapolis, and Sen.
Brandt Hershman, R-Lafayette, who is also a pilot. The two lawmakers were
instrumental in passing the tax changes, which AOPA hopes to replicate in other
states.

Indiana is home to 6,618 AOPA members and 12,451 active pilots, but according to
the lobbying group, even Hoosiers were taking their business to surrounding
states with lower taxes.

The new law eliminates state sales tax on jet fuel and aviation gas and replaces
it with a fixed excise tax of 10 cents per gallon. The net savings is 50 cents
per gallon on aviation gas and 30 cents per gallon on jet fuel, or more than
$100 if filling up a Beech Baron and $220 on a King Air 200, according to
Aviation International News.

* Wenck

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                          September 29, 2007 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Small loans, big return: CARE microcredit program in Guatemala helps poor women
and their daughters build economic success

BYLINE: JEREMY SCHWARTZ; Cox International Correspondent

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1100 words


Cienega Grande, Guatemala --- Eight years ago, when no one would give a poor,
indigenous woman with no education a loan, Doris Yaneth Tax became a pioneer.

The Atlanta-based non-profit CARE came to town and offered Tax (pronounced TASH)
and a handful of her villagers a small loan to start a business. She remembers
being nervous --- $100 seemed like a lot of money to pay back.

But eight years later, Tax has left her rented hut and job as housekeeper. Her
family has its own home and a patch of land to grow corn, and she runs a
profitable business making blouses and bracelets.

Perhaps most important, Tax's oldest daughter is about to graduate from sixth
grade, once unheard of for a girl in the indigenous communities of Guatemala's
poverty-stricken highlands. CARE is one of several organizations providing
microcredits to indigenous women in Guatemala and one of thousands providing
tiny loans throughout the Third World. In Guatemala, where 70 percent of the
country lives in poverty, the demand for microloans is far outpacing supply.

According to a government study, only 20 percent of residents who want a loan
have access to one. The idea behind microcredit is relatively simple: Lacking
access to traditional banks, the world's poor often need just a small boost to
start a profitable business weaving, raising livestock or opening a small store.

Since debuting in Bangladesh more than 40 years ago, microloans have been hailed
as the solution to poverty from Asia to Latin America. CARE currently has 3,000
borrowers in rural Guatemala, with loans totaling about $1 million.

CARE operates microcredit programs in 39 countries worldwide, including Ecuador,
El Salvador and Peru. But despite the apparent success of microcredits ---
nearly 100 million were doled out worldwide in 2004, and the idea's founder won
the Nobel Peace Prize last year --- critics have emerged.

They complain, chiefly, that microcredits don't do enough to change the
structures and inequalities that keep people poor, and that while microcredits
may have led to individual success stories, they have not led the masses into
the middle class. Others worry that governments will slash funding in regions
where microloans are prevalent or that microcredit organizations don't provide
borrowers with the tools to make their businesses profitable, creating a recipe
for failure.

The CARE program in Guatemala seeks to address some of those concerns with what
is a revolutionary aspect, at least by Guatemalan standards: In order to receive
the loans, mothers must pledge to keep their daughters in school at least
through sixth grade.

"The idea is not just to give out loans, but to create the conditions so that
these women can move forward in their lives," said Amilcar Miron Corado, CARE
representative in the region.

Many of the women in the CARE program in Cienega Grande dream of their daughters
turning into professionals who then come back to help the community.

"We never had the opportunity to study," said Rosa Margarita Yac Vasquez, the
mother of nine children, including an 8-year-old daughter in fourth grade. "I
never went to school because there wasn't enough to even buy notebooks. Now the
community will prosper because we will have professional women here."

Situated on the side of a mountain and connected to the highway by a bumpy dirt
road, Cienega Grande is made up of about 500 families maintaining a traditional
way of life. The women and men wear brightly colored dress and speak the Mayan
language K'iche Mam, some exclusively. The cornfields have provided sustenance
for generations, but agriculture hasn't kept poverty away.

Pedro Can Vasquez, principal of the local elementary school, said 12 girls will
graduate from sixth grade this year. Ten years ago only boys finished, he said.

"People didn't give importance to the girls before," he said. "Before, they were
getting married at 15 or 16. There was no future for them. Now the community is
supporting the girls."

Tax's sixth-grade daughter, Kimberly, says she wants to become a secretary and
dreams of working in an office. She shudders to think what her life would be
like without school.

"I would already be working, cleaning houses," Kimberly said. "I would think
differently. I wouldn't be reading and writing. I wouldn't have ideas."

The indigenous women of Guatemala face some daunting challenges. The highlands
bore the brunt of Guatemala's 36-year civil war, which created many widows.
Crippling poverty sent many more husbands fleeing to the United States for work.
And long traditions of not educating indigenous women left many unable to read
or write and unprepared to enter a modern work force.

But the women in the local CARE group have embarked on all matter of
entrepreneurial activity: One runs a small store out of her home; a second woman
and her husband have a workshop that produces pants and employs three villagers;
a third invested in a greenhouse to grow tomatoes.

Like most microcredit programs, the loans get bigger as the women show they can
pay them off.

The CARE program is one of the most established in Guatemala, and $100 loans
have ballooned into loans of up to $2,000 for some. Those who can't make their
payments are eased out of the group.

In all, the Cienega Grande group has a combined savings of nearly $7,000, which
it has accumulated over the past eight years. Some, like Tax, have graduated
from the program and set out on their own.

The women say that while their economic situation has changed --- many have
traded renting for owning homes --- the microcredit program has also given them
confidence to confront the world.

"It's taken away our fear more than anything," said Herlinda Juana Batz, the
group's treasurer.

"It's helped us know that we can speak up and do other things. At the beginning
we were nervous, we thought we would fail, but we've learned over time that we
can do this."

CARE FACTS

About CARE: One of the world's largest private international humanitarian
organizations, committed to helping families in poor communities improve their
lives and achieve lasting victories over poverty. CARE works in poor communities
in 66 countries.

Founded: Formed in 1945 to provide relief to survivors of World War II.

Headquarters: Atlanta, with field offices in nine U.S. cities. CARE also has
offices in each of the countries where it works.

Financial support: Hundreds of thousands of individuals and dozens of U.S.
corporations, foundations and other organizations support CARE each year. They
obtain funding and commodities from governmental agencies, the European Union
and the United Nations.

Source: CARE

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: NANCY FLORES / Cox NewspapersKimberly Tax is about to graduate
from sixth grade in Guatemala. Microloans for area businesses, like her
mother's, are given out on the condition that daughters finish sixth
grade./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: NANCY FLORES / Cox NewspapersFor her business, Marcela Palax Chaquijya
weaves a traditional Guatemalan blouse. She buys the thread with a microloan.
The loans help women in her area of Guatemala tackle poverty related to war and
lack of education./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: NANCY FLORES / Cox NewspapersMarta Elizabet Chavez checks on tomatoes in
her greenhouse, a business she started with a microloan from Atlanta-based
CARE./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: NANCY FLORES / Cox NewspapersWomen of the Tierra Linda, Guatemala,
microcredit group convene their biweekly meeting to pay off loans and discuss
the progress of their businesses./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: NANCY FLORES / Cox NewspapersJuliana Lebon's microloan improved her small
Tierra Linda grocery store. The loan results from a partnership between Austin,
Texas-based Whole Foods and Grameen Credit of Bangladesh./ImageData* ImageData*
Map: StaffMap locates Guatemala. Inset map outlines area of detail./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 19, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                       March 16, 2015 Monday 4:33 PM GMT

Life is sweet for Marske cake maker David after five-figure investment;
Markse dessert maker Sweet Art Patisserie has secured the investment from the
North East Microloan Fund to expand into ice cream market

BYLINE: By Kelley Price

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 372 words


A wholesale dessert and cake maker has secured a five-figure investment from the
North East Microloan Fund to expand into the ice cream market.

Sweet Art Patisserie, run by David Wrigley and his wife in Marske, produces
handmade bespoke desserts and breads that are supplied to large hotels and
restaurants in the region.

Middlesbrough Football Club and York Racecourse are among the pair's customers
and now they are hoping to expand the business with an ice cream range.

The directors of spotted a demand in the region for high quality ice cream and
decided to buy equipment that would allow them to manufacture in-house.

The recent North East Microloan Fund investment, via fund managers Rivers
Capital Partners, will be used to buy specialist kit as well as expand their
existing product ranges.

Mr Wrigley said: "We didn't want to approach our bank as they are not 'business
friendly'. Rivers Capital were very interested in getting to know our business.
They wanted to help us and find the right path to grow.

"The process was very straight forward. All you needed was a good business plan
and cash flow forecasts, along with a good idea.

"The whole experience was like sailing down a meandering river. The whole
process was a pleasure from start to finish."

The Microloan Fund aims to help grow businesses by removing the traditional
barriers to finance which can them back. Businesses from a wide variety of
sectors can apply for a loan anywhere between £1,000 and £25,000, tailored to
their individual business needs.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "In the next three
years with the boost from the Microloan Fund we expect the company to continue
growing from strength to strength, building up a good strong client base.

"The Microloan Fund is a valuable source of funding in the North East and can
provide affordable credit even if you have been turned down by traditional
lenders. The Fund differs from traditional lenders by focussing upon the quality
of business models and not on the assets held by the company.

"As a result their approach means there's an easy application process with a
decision in two weeks. It's fast and hassle-free, with professionals to talk you
through every step of the way."

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                  (Motherlode)

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

Charities That Inspire Kids: Kiva

BYLINE: KJ DELL'ANTONIA

SECTION: US

LENGTH: 489 words



HIGHLIGHT: Diana Williams, a teacher from Surrey, British Columbia, describes
the value of making microloans from the classroom.


 Between Christmas and New Year's, we shared stories from children, teenagers
and families about the charities that inspire them to give time, money and
passion. Here's one more. Diana Williams, a teacher, wrote in about making
microloans through Kiva with her students and her own children.

I would like to nominate Kiva.org for your series "Looking for Charities That
Inspire Kids and Families." Kiva is a microlending platform that enables
families to make small loans to entrepreneurs in developing countries. As the
microloans are repaid, the money is returned to our account and we can lend
again. I am a mom of two boys, aged 3 and 5, and a third-grade teacher in
Surrey, British Columbia. I began making microloans three years ago with my
students in an inner-city, high-poverty school and now include my own children
in microlending.

My students took out a microloan from me for materials to make bracelets and
then sold them in the community and on the playground to raise funds to make
their microloans. They repaid their initial loan and used the profit to make
several $25 loans to women and men with school-age children in several African
countries. Our first loan was to Charlotte in Rwanda. She purchased rice,
cooking oil and soap for her general store and repaid her loan on time. Here is
the description on her loan application:

"Charlotteis 32 years old. She is married and has six children. The oldest is 11
years old and the youngest is six months. Her husband is a builder. She has been
in business for three years. She wants a loan to buy more products such as rice,
sugar, cooking oil, and soap. The profits will go towards her children's school
fees."

Using critical thinking and inquiry skills, my students developed lending
criteria as a group and evaluated the loan according to their criteria.  Not
only did my students learn about another country and culture, they learned about
financial literacy, poverty and the role small business plays in developing and
improving communities. We even made a video about what we learned.

I have used Kiva with students in Grades 3, 4, 5 and 6 over the last three
years. We have connected with other schools by joining Team Kids Care, a lending
team started by Bill Ferriter. I first heard about Kiva while attending a
workshop where Bill was speaking. Bill is a middle school teacher in Charlotte,
N.C.

Kiva has the option to give gift cards as gifts, and I was excited to be able to
give microloans for Christmas this year. Not only are you empowering people who
are living in poverty to make meaningful choices for basic human rights, you are
also helping children to understand their responsibility to give back to the
global community and appreciate the quality of life they enjoy.

Like what you're reading? Get the best of Motherlode articles, links, comments
and conversation, along with previews of posts to come, delivered each week to
your inbox. Sign up here.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2015 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                                 June 18, 2004

Minister visits festival

LENGTH: 200 words


THE BEDFORD Park Festival hosted a visit by the Secretary of State for
International Development Hilary Benn MP at the weekend when he talked to
representatives of the Chiswick based charity the MicroLoan Foundation.

The MicroLoan Foundation which is St.Michael and All Angels' charity of the year
for 2004 is run entirely by volunteers in Chiswick helps poor communities in
Malawi to become self-sufficient.

"We invited Mr. Benn to come to our stand at the Festival because we were lucky
enough to receive funding from his department last year said volunteer Lynette
Royle of the MicroLoan Foundation. He is extremely well informed about the
problems of Africa and I felt that he was genuinely moved by the plight of the
people we are trying to help.

"I hope he was impressed by our track record so far with over 1 200 loans made
and a repayment rate of 97 per cent which compares very favourably with what
most bank managers would expect! And being a charity of course this means that
the money repaid will be re-cycled to help more families in desperate need.

"The MicroLoan Foundation is raising an additional £300 000 to cover their
expansion programme in Malawi."

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            August 20, 2009 Thursday

The Bizz, August 21

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 507 words


SBA expands Microloan program thanks to stimulus funds

The U.S. Small Business Administration is expanding its Microloan program,
according to an agency news release. The expansion is being funded with an
additional $50 million for loans and $24 million for technical assistance from
the the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

According to the news release, the program is shifting to funding provided under
the Recovery Act now that it has exhausted its regular appropriation of $20
million in loans and $20 million in technical assistance.

With the additional resources, the SBA is "focused on adding new lenders and
encouraging entrepreneurs to seek out SBA-backed microlenders to finance their
businesses," according to the release.

Organizations interested in becoming SBA microlenders must meet specific
criteria in terms of organizational status, microlending experience and matching
requirements from nonfederal sources. Information: (202) 205-6485; www.sba.gov ;
or e-mail microloans@sba.gov .

Entrepreneurs wishing to learn about the Microloan program are asked to visit:
www.sba.gov/services/financialassistance/sbaloantopics/microloans/index.html .

Montclair chamber to host Rep. Dreier at next seminar

The Montclair Chamber of Commerce will welcome Rep. David Dreier, R-San Dimas,
to its Aug. 25 Business Education Seminar, where he will give an update from
Washington. The event is scheduled from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m at John's Incredible
Pizza, 5280 Arrow Highway. Cost: $15 for chamber members; $20 for nonmembers.
Information: (909) 624-4569

Rancho Cucamonga company appoints new vice president

LP4LP, a division of Universal Surveillance Systems in Rancho Cucamonga,
recently announced the appointment of Douglas J. Beeuwsaert, an internal audit
and loss prevention executive, to vice president.

According to a news release, Beeuwsaert has more than 20 years of experience,
including as chief audit executive and chief ethics officer of public and
privately held companies.

Upland distributor awarded trip for 'top performer' status

Inland Empire Interstate Batteries distributor Larry Burke has been recognized
as a top performer by the replacement battery brand. The company rewarded
Burke's "hard work, substantial growth and outrageous customer service" with an
all-expense-paid vacation for two to The Cove Atlantis Resort in Paradise
Island, Bahamas.

Burke's retail location is at 822 Berry Court, Upland.

Redlands distribution center changes hands for $65.1 million

Buchanan Street Partners, a national real estate investment management firm,
recently announced the $65.1 million investment sale of Centergate Distribution
Park in Redlands. The property consists of two industrial buildings totaling
about 1 million square feet on 44 acres.

Ontario insurance agent completes career course in Agoura Hills

Germain Garcia, a Farmers Insurance agent in Ontario, recently completed the
five-day Career Agents Course at the University of Farmers, a training facility
in Agoura Hills.

Information: www.farmers.com .

bizz@inlandnewspapers.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             March 27, 2005 Sunday

Small packages

BYLINE: Evan Pondel, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 753 words


Flippers and a snorkel weren't enough to help Don Kreuter kick-start his
land-and-sea photography business.

Having lived in the Caribbean for two decades, he returned to his native Long
Beach and soon realized his seaworthy legs didn't impress the loan officers who
were looking for watertight credit.

That's when he sought the advice of the Community Financial Resource Center,
which helped him secure a small-business loan that totaled just $500.

Known as a microloan, the product is opening doors for entrepreneurs who lack
stellar credit but need a little seed money to start a business or propel an
existing one. And while microloans have been around for several years,
California's treasurer is touting a home-grown program that he claims will keep
more businesses in the state.

The California Capital Access Program --responsible for helping people like
Kreuter secure capital -- has financed nearly $1 billion since the program's
inception a decade ago. Of those loans, approximately $2.5 million fall into the
micro category, ranging between $500 and $40,000.

The popularity of CalCAP's microloans has grown nearly twentyfold in the last
five years, and economists say that's a function of a lackluster economy and
more attention by California State Treasurer Phil Angelides. The Treasurer's
Office is responsible for administering the program.

"It's been hugely successful," said Glenn Yago, director of capital studies for
the Milken Institute, a Santa Monica-based think tank. "The program has enabled
businesses to survive, and if it wasn't around many wouldn't have been able to
open."

Kreuter is all too familiar with the fragility of business these days. Because
of his stint in the Caribbean, it was difficult to establish his credit history,
making him an unlikely candidate for a traditional bank loan.

But the Community Financial Resource Center, a CalCAP microloan partner, isn't
bound by the same rules governing large banks. They don't access tax records and
credit scores to determine if someone is eligible for a loan, according to
Isabel Duran, a San Pedro-based manager for the CFRC.

CalCAP has partnered with approximately 10 of these nonprofit financial groups
throughout the state, each seeking to promote community development.

Often, lower-income communities are underserved by banking institutions because
of the financial risk associated with the population, Yago said. But CalCAP
mitigates the risk by contributing to loan-loss reserve pools at the CFRC and
several partner banks, essentially providing enough financial backing to reduce
the lenders' risk. The lender also benefits by establishing a business
relationship with an entrepreneur who could potentially drum up even more
business.

The default rate on CalCAP microloans ranges between 3 percent and 4 percent.
The industry standard is approximately 8 percent to 12 percent.

"This is a real model program, one that other states have followed. But the
program also deserves to be expanded in the state, and that can only be done by
bringing in more liquidity," said Yago, noting that Michigan, Kansas, New York
and Oregon have replicated the program.

The question is whether the interest rates on CalCAP microloans is worth the
borrowers' time. The rates vary from lender to lender, spanning 4.25 percent to
10 percent. Duran said even though the CFRC microloans don't reach the levels of
banks, the Los Angeles-based group does report borrowers' payment histories to
credit rating bureaus. "And people can certainly look at banks for loan options
if their credit improves with us," she said.

Sal Perez, president of American Muscle Car in Ontario, is in the process of
repairing his credit history through a CalCAP-backed microloan. After filing for
bankruptcy protection, Perez said it was difficult to receive any kind of loan,
let alone a microloan.

But then a loan officer at Union Bank of California told him about the CalCAP
product. Perez filled out the necessary paper work and about six months ago he
received a loan for $10,000.

"It's not a lot and I could probably burn through the thing in a week, but it
has made me financially wiser with my money," Perez said.

Mario Gallo, a senior vice president of Small Business Services at Union Bank,
said borrowers have limits on what CalCAP loans can be used for, but "it
certainly helps us manage a portfolio that we would not have normally been able
to fund."

Evan Pondel, [818] 713-3662 evan.pondel@dailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                                 Copyright 2005


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             August 20, 2006 Sunday

Lending a helping hand

BYLINE: Madhavi Acharya-Tom Yew, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 1143 words


Ask Mera Angus about her first business loan and a wide smile will stretch
across her face.

"When she told me I got it, I felt so good. My first business loan," the fashion
designer recalls in a quiet but confident voice. "It was nice - really, really
nice."

Angus's first loan wasn't for $50,000 or $20,000. It was actually just a
fraction of that.

Angus got her business off the ground with just $5,000 - an amount that big
Canadian banks don't even consider commercial lending.

She put her microloan, as it's known, toward graphic design, business cards, and
other marketing material. Angus had a whole year to pay it back, but it took her
just six months. Then she applied for, and received, a second, bigger loan.

Now, instead of doing business out of her house, she welcomes customers to her
fashionable boutique, Amera Collections, in downtown Toronto's theatre district.

Microfinance is typically associated with agriculture projects in developing
countries, but it's also alive and well in Toronto thanks to the Community
Microloan program through Alterna Savings, a credit union with 24 branches in
Ontario.

The majority of microloan customers have been on social assistance, employment
benefits, or are recent immigrants who have little or no credit history.

Applicants are required to complete a business training course, lasting up to 12
weeks, where they learn how to prepare a business plan, conduct market research
and work out cash-flow projections.

At that point, they are eligible for a microloan of $1,000 to $5,000, which can
be renewed twice. Beyond that, businesses typically move over to Alterna
Savings' commercial lending side.

The interest rate is a little higher than for a typical business loan, but still
less than half of the going credit card interest rate.

The real hallmark of the microfinance program is the technical support
entrepreneurs receive from the loan officers.

"Just because you have an idea and you scratch down a business plan does not
mean you will get the loan," says Gary Seveny, president and chief executive of
Alterna Savings.

"Your business plan has to pass the test of our employee that works with you.
They will challenge you to understand and communicate the details of your plan
so that you can stand behind it."

The microloan program has changed hands several times in recent years. It was
originally administered by Calmeadow, a nonprofit that specializes in
international microfinance. Metro Credit Union bought the loan portfolio in
2000, then merged with CS Co-op in April, 2005, creating Alterna Savings.

"We have had some bad debts in the program, but for the most part, we create the
ingredients for people to succeed," Seveny says. "They've usually been at rock
bottom and they're so determined to be successful."

The program has dispersed over $1 million through more than 370 loans as of the
end of December, 2005.

As a microloan officer, Susan Henry sees many applicants who have approached the
banks for business financing and have been turned away.

Still, they're skeptical that a small amount of money can have much of an
impact.

"I get that all the time, can I really start my business on $1,000? It can do
wonders," Henry says. "For a lot of people, it's their marketing, it's their
computer, it's their tools of the trade, what's going to give them their start."

Sometimes, Henry says, people don't want a large loan that might hurt more than
help.

Most loans tend to be for home-based businesses, such as catering, health and
fitness. Also popular are clothing designers, graphic designers, landscapers,
artisans and computer support services.

"It's like seeing a child grow from infancy and mature. We see these individuals
that society deems as disadvantaged, women who go from being a single mom on
social assistance to having a mortgage, having a term deposit," Henry says.

Angus, a divorced single mother, approached the banks for a loan to try to get
her business going, but she got nowhere because of her poor credit history.

Then, after taking some business courses, she heard about the microloan program
and put in a call to Henry.

"I didn't want to give her my name in case she turned me down. She says this is
what you have to bring in, this is what you have to do."

But Angus felt that she wasn't ready. She called back later with more questions.

"I asked if I could come for an appointment and show her my clothing," Angus
recalls. "When I showed her my clothing it just blew her out of the water. She
said, 'Oh my gosh.' She was so excited.

"She said 'I can't promise anything but bring me this and that.' I'm thinking,
'Oh my god, I'm not going to be able to do all that because I hate writing.' She
said you must have a plan."

Angus enlisted a computer-literate friend to help her with a business plan,
which she took back to Henry.

"She said, 'Okay give me a week.' Even before the week was up she called and
said, 'It's a go.' I couldn't believe it."

Since then, Henry has become a trusted adviser. "Many, many things I have called
her about," Angus says. "She's tough. She (doesn't) joke, which is good. When
she says to bring something in, you have to bring it in."

Today, giving back to the community is also part of Angus's focus. She welcomes
co-op students who want to learn about the fashion industry.

Without the microloan, she says, "I wouldn't be where I am today. It was a big
gold nugget in the centre of an empty chocolate bar. I probably would still be
there struggling along, trying to build a business."

It's a story that Lynda Morris knows very well. She was a single mother
surviving on family benefits when she first started her computer consulting
business 11 years ago.

The business failed twice. "I can now look back and pinpoint why I failed,"
Morris says. "I had a great idea and I had the skills but I had no business
knowledge whatever. So when it came to invoicing and marketing and sales, I just
didn't have a clue."

Even after taking a business development course, she kept getting turned down by
the banks.

"One bank told me they wouldn't even open a business account for me, never mind
a loan," Morris recalls.

Later, she received $3,000 from the microloan program. "It was like riches."

Today, Niclyn Consulting Corp., named for her son Nick, offers IT support for
small and medium-sized businesses in Toronto. For a flat fee, the company offers
a help desk, remote support, and will consult with clients on new technology.

Her son, who started as a 10-year-old making flyers for the company, is now
president. Morris is vice-president.

Without the microloan, "I don't think I would be anywhere near where I am today.

"It's not just the money, it was how I was treated," Morris says. "People might
say they're just giving me a loan. Well, they've got me off social assistance.
They've got me spending money in the community. They've got me hiring people.
It's far-reaching."

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Lucas Oleniuk toronto star Susan Henry is microloan officer for
Alterna Savings, a credit union with 24 branches in Ontario.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2006 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                      August 18, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM GMT

Surge Marketing Solutions is creating more jobs and expanding into mobile apps
after funding success;
The Teesside digital advertising agency has secured a loan from the Finance for
Business North East Microloan Fund

BYLINE: By Kelley Price

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 391 words


A Teessidedigital advertising agency is looking to expand - and create more jobs
- after securing a cash boost from the Finance for Business North East Microloan
Fund.

Surge Marketing Solutions, which specialises in website design and online
marketing, has already achieved a six-figure turnover in its first year and is
looking to hit a quarter of a million in the next year.

Company director, David Porter, started the company because he recognised the
growing trend of advertising online.

Now the plan is to recruit more staff to take his team of seven to 10 by April
next year - and also expand into the mobile app development business.

The Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund, managed by Rivers Capital
Partners, provides small businesses with micro loans to fund their big ideas.

Through web design, Surge Marketing Solutions aims to help sites perform better
and convert more visitors into customers.

Surge Marketing Solutions has won contracts with clients all over the UK,
ranging from sole traders to local authorities, and David hopes to further
enhance this early success with the loan gained from the Microloan Fund.

David decided to apply to the Microloan Fund because he needed an instant cash
boost to accommodate the staff expansion required to support their business
growth.

Nikita Bazko, Fund Manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "With the support
of the loan from Rivers, Surge Marketing Solutions will be able to recruit three
more members of staff within an eleven-month period, whilst simultaneously
providing the company with a financial security blanket and also facilitating
their move to new offices".

David said: "Simply put, we help people get more from the Web; 25% of
advertising budgets are spent online, and it was actually one of the only
industries that grew in the recession."

"[The loan process] was very straightforward and very simple. The process only
lasted two weeks and the interest rates are fair."

The North East Microloan Fund provides small loans of £1,000-£25,000. It's
specifically aimed at businesses that have been struggling to secure mainstream
finance and can provide affordable credit for those with a poor credit history.

The fund is ran by entrepreneurs and is aimed at entrepreneurs, and decisions
are not based on the assets a company has, but on the overall quality of the
business.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Jena Times (Louisiana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 4, 2012

FSA creates new microloan units for small farmers

BYLINE: The Jena Times staff

LENGTH: 246  words


USDA Secretary Vilsack recently announced a proposed rule for a new microloan
program that would be part of the suite of credit options available to farmers
through the Farm Service Agency (FSA). The new program would allow FSA to make
smaller loans, with a principal balance of up to $35,000 and would streamline
the application process to require less paperwork for farmers.

The goal of the microloan program is to better meet the credit needs of small
farm operations while making more effective use of FSA resources. FSA is seeking
public comments on the program.

As we expand options in agriculture, we're seeing a new vibrancy across the
countryside as younger people - many of whom are now involved in local and
regional production - pursue livelihoods in farming, raising food for local
consumption, Secretary Vilsack said.

Although the microloan program announced recently is not exclusively targeted at
young or beginning farmers, the program will be incredibly helpful in allowing
these groups to access federal credit and obtain loans to help them start their
farming operation.

"Capital is the number one need of young and beginning farmers in the United
States," said Lindsey Lusher Shute of the National Young Farmers' Coalition.
"FSA microloans will fuel new farm businesses and a new generation of family
farmers."

The proposed rule may be viewed at
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsvs/pkg/FR-2012-05-25/pdf/2012-12685.pdf or through the FSA
home page at http://www.fsa.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JEN

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 The Jena Times


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

Obama Cabinet Official to Commemorate MLK day in Chicago

LENGTH: 376  words


Washington, D.C.: US Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:

On Monday, January 19, Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet, the head of the U.S.
Small Business Administration (SBA) will be in Chicago to commemorate Martin
Luther King Jr. National Day of Service and announce the latest
federally-approved microlender serving Chicago's South Side. SBA and the City of
Chicago are investing over $750,000 to significantly expand financial
opportunities for local businesses and to create new jobs on the south side.
This funding will quadruple its existing capacity to finance and counsel small
businesses and new startups.

As a result of the City's commitment to microlending over the last couple of
years, $1.6 million in loans has been distributed to 179 businesses and the
program continues to support more small businesses as repayments are made. In
2014, SBA microlenders issued 3,919 loans totaling more than $55 million to
infuse capital into underserved communities around the country.

About SBA's Microloan Program

SBA facilitates access to capital, counseling and contracting opportunities to
the nation's 28 million small businesses. SBA's Microloan program provides loans
up to $50,000 to help small businesses and certain not-for-profit childcare
centers start up and expand. The average microloan is about $13,000. SBA
provides funds to specially designated intermediary lenders, which are nonprofit
community-based organizations with experience in lending as well as management
and technical assistance. These intermediaries administer the Microloan program
for eligible borrowers. Microloans can be used for: working capital, inventory
or supplies, furniture or fixtures, and machinery or equipment.
WHO     SBA Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet
WHEN     Monday, January 19, 2015

WHERE


9:40 AM

10:00 AM

1:00 PM


Remarks to City Year Volunteers

Gage Park High School,5630 S Rockwell St, Chicago, IL 60629

Service Project at Gage Park High School

Microloan Announcement

Ain't She Sweet Café, 526 E. 43rd Street, Chicago, IL 60653
HOW     RSVP to Miguel Ayala - Miguel.ayala@sba.gov (link sends e-mail)  -
202-450-0148

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

Obama Cabinet Official to Commemorate MLK day in Chicago

LENGTH: 376  words


Washington, D.C.: US Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:

On Monday, January 19, Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet, the head of the U.S.
Small Business Administration (SBA) will be in Chicago to commemorate Martin
Luther King Jr. National Day of Service and announce the latest
federally-approved microlender serving Chicago's South Side. SBA and the City of
Chicago are investing over $750,000 to significantly expand financial
opportunities for local businesses and to create new jobs on the south side.
This funding will quadruple its existing capacity to finance and counsel small
businesses and new startups.

As a result of the City's commitment to microlending over the last couple of
years, $1.6 million in loans has been distributed to 179 businesses and the
program continues to support more small businesses as repayments are made. In
2014, SBA microlenders issued 3,919 loans totaling more than $55 million to
infuse capital into underserved communities around the country.

About SBA's Microloan Program

SBA facilitates access to capital, counseling and contracting opportunities to
the nation's 28 million small businesses. SBA's Microloan program provides loans
up to $50,000 to help small businesses and certain not-for-profit childcare
centers start up and expand. The average microloan is about $13,000. SBA
provides funds to specially designated intermediary lenders, which are nonprofit
community-based organizations with experience in lending as well as management
and technical assistance. These intermediaries administer the Microloan program
for eligible borrowers. Microloans can be used for: working capital, inventory
or supplies, furniture or fixtures, and machinery or equipment.
WHO     SBA Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet
WHEN     Monday, January 19, 2015

WHERE


9:40 AM

10:00 AM

1:00 PM


Remarks to City Year Volunteers

Gage Park High School,5630 S Rockwell St, Chicago, IL 60629

Service Project at Gage Park High School

Microloan Announcement

Ain't She Sweet Café, 526 E. 43rd Street, Chicago, IL 60653
HOW     RSVP to Miguel Ayala - Miguel.ayala@sba.gov (link sends e-mail)  -
202-450-0148

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            November 27, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

BE teams up with Rivers to promote microloans

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 234 words


BE Group and fund managers Rivers Loan, part of Rivers Capital Partners, are
collaborating.

The business services group's team of advisors will now help to promote the
£6.5m North East Microloan Fund, which Rivers looks www.after.BE Group's team
will help to raise awareness of the fund through its contact with North East
small businesses.

Alastair MacColl, chief executive of BE Group, said: "Following our involvement
with funds such as Growth Vouchers and the Let's Grow grant scheme, working with
Rivers Loan on the North East Microloan Fund will allow us to provide access for
even more businesses to quality affordable funding."

The Microloan Fund, part of the £125m Finance for Business North East suite of
funds, provides entrepreneurs with small loans of between £1,000-£25,000, or in
exceptional cases £50,000.

The fund has been instrumental in establishing a number of regional small
businesses, and is aimed at people with poor credit history who know a lack of
finance is hampering their business.

Jonathan Gold, managing director at Rivers Capital Partners, added: "The North
East Microloan Fund is recognised as offering microloans to fund big ideas. It
provides simple, affordable loans to small businesses in the region looking for
help to take their business to the next level.

"If you're a confident inspired business, there has never been a better time to
access finance to grow your business."

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            February 8, 2005 Tuesday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

SBA budget would trim funds for low-income entrepreneurs

BYLINE: BY SHERA DALIN Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 429 words


The Bush administration's proposed budget increases funding for two popular
small-business loan programs, but it cuts money for venture capital and
microloans to low-income entrepreneurs.

U.S. Small Business Administration head Hector Barreto discussed the $593
million fiscal 2006 budget proposal Monday at a news conference in Washington.
The request is down from $611 million this year.

Barreto highlighted proposed increases in the popular 7(a) loan program to $16.5
billion in lending guarantees, up from $16 billion for this fiscal year.

The agency also would receive $5.5 billion in lending guarantees, up from $5
billion, for its 504 program for capital improvements.

"The SBA's fiscally responsible (fiscal 2006) request is good for small
businesses and good for the American taxpayer," Barreto said.

But not all small-business proponents were satisfied. New York Rep. Nydia
Velázquez, ranking Democrat on the House Small Business Committee, said, "Sadly,
this budget request is nearly half of what it was when President (George W.)
Bush first took office."

The budget cut funding for the microloan program and venture capital through the
Small Business Investment Company, or SBIC, Participating Securities Program.
Both programs are heavily used by minorities and low-income people seeking to
start companies.

The SBIC program lost $3 billion from fiscal 2000 to 2004 because the technology
bubble burst, said SBA spokesman Mike Stamler. The agency sought no additional
money for the program until the problems with it could be worked out, he said.

Cutting the microloan funding will reduce new loans, said Sheri
Flanigan-Vazquez, head of the microloan program for the St. Louis area's largest
such lender, Justine Petersen Housing & Reinvestment Corp. in St. Louis.

"If the program is eliminated or reduced, it would severely restrict the ability
of our clients, who tend to be minority or low-to-moderate-income, to gain
access to capital," Flanigan-Vazquez said.

Justine Petersen lent about $471,000 in microloans last year. Flanigan-Vazquez
also feared the loss of technical assistance money that pays for educating
microloan borrowers about how to successfully run their companies, helping to
ensure that they don't default on the loans.

"The president said in his State of the Union address that he wants to advance
economic opportunities for women and minorities, and then he goes and eliminates
funding for programs that benefit them," said Velázquez, the New York
representative. "This seems to be a very unusual way of showing support for our
nation's entrepreneurs."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Star (Sheffield)

                                January 13, 2004

Microloans help firms start up

SOURCE: The Star (Sheffield)

LENGTH: 255 words


FIRMS in Sheffield, Doncaster and Barnsley are the latest to benefit from South
Yorkshire Investment Fund 'Microloans' of between £ 1,000 and £ 15,000,
available through the region's Enterprise Agencies.

Sheffield Technology Park-based Tubal Cain designs and supplies specialist tools
and equipment used by field archaeologists and earth scientists across the UK.

Tubal Cain used a Microloan to cover start-up costs including web design,
researching new products and working capital.

Managing director Nick Oodian says the loan meant the company to get off the
ground earlier than otherwise might have been possible. South Yorkshire
Microloan offered a friendly, relaxed open service. Without their assistance we
would have found it difficult to secure funding from conventional outlets like
high-street banks, he added.

Partners Richard Browning and Andrew Lynch took out a £ 10,000 Microloan to set
up their commercial and social photography business, RA Imaging, based in
Doncaster's Silver Street.

Andrew and Richard are experienced photographers who have worked for Saatchi and
Saatchi, Next, M & S and other blue chip companies in the past and used the cash
to refurbish their premises and buy photographic equipment and signage.

RA Imaging already employs four people and is planning to expand.

Andrew said: The Microloan scheme is ideal for people wanting to start up their
own business - for us it was the key to our new state-of-the-art studio and the
loan is already beginning to pay off.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Johnston Press Plc


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 8, 2012 Saturday

Koolbeanz Pizza and Ice Cream Parlor gets microloan from Lake County

BYLINE: John Arthur Hutchison, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 361 words


Sept. 08--Lake County commissioners have approved a $10,500 loan to a Perry
Village business to help the company purchase equipment.

The loan also will allow Koolbeanz Pizza and Ice Cream Parlor, 3759 Center Road
Unit A, to pay for the installation of a gas line to the pizza oven.

The five-year loan approved Thursday comes from the county's Microloan Fund that
aims to provide capital dollars to companies that have had trouble receiving
financing from traditional lenders, said County Administrator Jason Boyd.

Potential businesses that receive the dollars are typically very small in nature
or start-up companies that have been turned down for loans by banks, county
officials said.

Typically the loans don't exceed $25,000 and are for five years, but can be 10
years depending on what that money is used for.

The Lake County Port Authority administers the loan program for the county,
which got seed money for the program from federal Community Development Grant
Block funds. Commissioners then make the final decision on loans to award.

Commissioner Raymond E. Sines said the Microloan program has become a great
program that he would like to see continue.

"These loans are important for these small companies because it is very
difficult to get banks to make these types of loans," Sines said. "If we can do
more of these types of things, I think what it does is it creates an environment
where people are able to go into business and be successful."

Julie Schultz, who owns the Koolbeanz Pizza and Ice Cream Parlor with her
husband Joe, was pleased to receive the loan and she said the program allows
small business owners like her to achieve a dream they otherwise wouldn't be
able to do.

"We're really excited to be in the community and have a lot of support and we
look forward to serving the outlying communities as well with a great product at
a reasonable price and delivery," Schultz said.

Her business has been open serving ice cream since Memorial Day and last month
they began the pizza part of the operations.

___ (c)2012 The News-Herald (Willoughby, Ohio) Visit The News-Herald
(Willoughby, Ohio) at www.news-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120908-WL-Koolbeanz-Pizza-and-Ice-Cream-Parlor-gets-microloan
-from-Lake-County-20120908

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2012 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 7, 2012 Friday

Koolbeanz Pizza and Ice Cream Parlor gets microloan from Lake County

BYLINE: John Arthur Hutchison, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 361 words


Sept. 07--Lake County commissioners have approved a $10,500 loan to a Perry
Village business to help the company purchase equipment.

The loan also will allow Koolbeanz Pizza and Ice Cream Parlor, 3759 Center Road
Unit A, to pay for the installation of a gas line to the pizza oven.

The five-year loan approved Thursday comes from the county's Microloan Fund that
aims to provide capital dollars to companies that have had trouble receiving
financing from traditional lenders, said County Administrator Jason Boyd.

Potential businesses that receive the dollars are typically very small in nature
or start-up companies that have been turned down for loans by banks, county
officials said.

Typically the loans don't exceed $25,000 and are for five years, but can be 10
years depending on what that money is used for.

The Lake County Port Authority administers the loan program for the county,
which got seed money for the program from federal Community Development Grant
Block funds. Commissioners then make the final decision on loans to award.

Commissioner Raymond E. Sines said the Microloan program has become a great
program that he would like to see continue.

"These loans are important for these small companies because it is very
difficult to get banks to make these types of loans," Sines said. "If we can do
more of these types of things, I think what it does is it creates an environment
where people are able to go into business and be successful."

Julie Schultz, who owns the Koolbeanz Pizza and Ice Cream Parlor with her
husband Joe, was pleased to receive the loan and she said the program allows
small business owners like her to achieve a dream they otherwise wouldn't be
able to do.

"We're really excited to be in the community and have a lot of support and we
look forward to serving the outlying communities as well with a great product at
a reasonable price and delivery," Schultz said.

Her business has been open serving ice cream since Memorial Day and last month
they began the pizza part of the operations.

___ (c)2012 The News-Herald (Willoughby, Ohio) Visit The News-Herald
(Willoughby, Ohio) at www.news-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120907-WL-Koolbeanz-Pizza-and-Ice-Cream-Parlor-gets-microloan
-from-Lake-County-20120907

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2012 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 23, 2006 Thursday

'Microloans' have big effects for Toledo area entrepreneurs

BYLINE: Homer Brickey, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 566 words


Mar. 23--Not all business loans are for millions of dollars, or even for tens of
thousands. Sometimes a budding entrepreneur needs relatively little cash to
found a business or expand one.      Frank Ozanski couldn't get a bank loan to
expand Clear Images Promotional Products LLC in downtown Toledo.

But he obtained a $5,000 "microloan" through Assets Toledo to buy a
vinyl-cutting machine, and now he says his union shop is the region's biggest
political-sign maker.      Cletissia "Tessa" Shaw needed $3,000 to equip her
west Toledo art studio and get a computer so that she can start an online art
gallery.      They are among a growing number of entrepreneurs getting these
microloans, funded partly by Mennonite churches in northwest Ohio.      One
would-be entrepreneur wanted just $500 to get his home-based business off the
ground, and another needed only $1,200 for a software program and some
promotional materials, said Olivia Holden, executive director of Assets Toledo.
The downtown Toledo group has graduated several hundred from its
entrepreneurship classes in the last six years. "The idea is to spread the
wealth," Ms. Holden said.      "We would not have gotten where we are without
that loan," Mr. Ozanski said. "I was working out of my basement and I couldn't
get a traditional loan."      The machine he bought allowed him to produce
banners, truck decals, and signs. He said he has just two payments, or $300,
left on the loan.      Ms. Shaw said she has worked for corporations where she
was the last to be hired and first to be laid off and wants to work on her own
as a commercial artist and sculptor. She completed classes at Assets Toledo and
is about to finish a six-week course at the Toledo Museum of Art aimed at
Internet marketing of artwork.      "I've been selling my pieces by word of
mouth, but a lot of artists like myself don't have the money to [display] in
large galleries," she said. "We don't have the money to do things on a grand
scale."      Her idea is to market art through a virtual gallery she calls
Heshima on her own Web site, which she hopes will be running by April 1.
With her loan, she purchased paints, canvases, "a gorgeous easel, a Dell
computer, an Epson printer, and a very nice Fuji digital camera."      Ms.
Holden said her group has made 10 microloans, including six to its students.
Assets Toledo got its start in the late 1990s with $22,000 from Mennonite
business owners in Archbold, Toledo, Lima, and Bluffton, supplemented by a
$15,000 grant from a national organization, Mennonite Economic Development
Associates. Toledo was among the first 10 cities to get such a program.
Among the initial supporters was Ed Roth, a financial planner in Pettisville and
a member of Archbold's Central Mennonite Church. "Sometimes banks are not very
visionary when it comes to small loans," he said.      Most of Asset Toledo
borrowers are making their payments, but at least two didn't pan out, Ms. Holden
said. The group hopes to raise an additional $50,000 for more microloans, she
added.      Contract Homer Brickey at:

homerbrickey@theblade.com

or 419-724-6129.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News. For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800)
661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060323-TO-0323-Microloans
-have-big-effects-for-Toledo-area-entrepreneurs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2006 The Blade


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       The Pennsboro News (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 11, 2013

Microloans available to countys businesses

BYLINE: The Pennsboro News staff

LENGTH: 1571  words


Tim James, a loan officer with First Microloan of West Virginia, spoke with
members of the Ritchie County Economic Development Authority board of directors
Thursday evening, Sept. 5.

James gave the board members an overview of the microloan program, which is a
business loan for small businesses that cannot get traditional loans through
banking facilities to get started.

He stated his program works with the business owners and banks to help the
banking client.

In November 2011, the Small Business Administration approached his company,
asking them to expand their program.

First Microloan of West Virginia actually borrows money from the United States
Small Business Administration to loan out to small businesses in a 21 county
area.

Ritchie County, as well as Pleasants, Wirt, Wood, Tyler, Taylor, Barbour,
Brooke, Calhoun, Doddridge, Gilmer, Hancock, Harrison, Lewis, Marion, Marshall,
Monongalia, Ohio, Preston, Upshur and Wetzel counties, are included in the
service area.

Loans are available from $5,000 up to $50,000 for small businesses.

James did state the company is unable to finance brick and mortar structures,
but they are able to loan money for supplies, equipment and inventory.

He went on to say some stipulations for loaning the money include the person or
business must be current on all taxes, and the person must not be behind in
child support payments or student loans.

"We can do a lot of different things traditional lenders can't do," James
stated.

"We can deal with collection issues, such as bankruptcy. There has to be a
reason behind it, but we will listen to those reasons.

"We do not compete with lenders and banks. We help banks provide a service to
their clients that they might not be able to do without us," James stated.

Steve Parks, executive director of the Ritchie County EDA, currently serves as a
member of the microloan advisory board.

"He is a resource partner for us. We work with Steve to help business people,
get them in touch with the right people. Economic expansion is our goal," James
stated.

James stated in the past year, his program has lent $1.5 million out in 20
loans.

The maximum term for these loans is six years. James stated there are no
penalties for early payoff of me loan.

"We get uiem started, get them bankable and get out," James said.

Board member Dave Klemencic asked about interest rates since some of these loans
involve higher risk lenders.

James stated loan interest rates are between 6.5-9.5 percent.

Board member Tom McCullough then asked if the loans are guaranteed.

"No. We borrow the money from the SBA to lend out. We pay a percentage to the
SBA," James stated.

McCullough asked if the microloan could be combined wim a bank loan.

"The maximum partnering loan is $150,000 with our part focusing on equipment and
me banks doing the land. The bank would be the first lien holder," James stated.

Board member Ivan Banks asked about the two-percent origination fee.

"This is an application fee and can be financed in the loan proceeds. The only
out-of-pocket expense is the $25 for a credit report," James said.

Board members thanked James for attending the meeting and speaking about the
microloan program.

Klemencic, during community reports, stated Ellenboro mayor Steve Lewis recendy
spoke with me North Bend Rails to Trails superintendent concerning the picnic
shelters the town is interested in placing near the new playground along the
rail trail in Ellenboro.

A plan needs to be submitted to the engineer in Charleston so right-of-ways can
be granted to the town and a permit issued.

Klemencic stated the town is planning on installing one 24x24 and a couple of
12x12 shelters in the area, as well as provide amphitheater-type seating along
the bank below the Ellenboro Volunteer Fire Department.

He stated Barton Construction is currently working on an addition for me fire
department and was hoping to just move to the shelter job, but with the need for
a permit, this plan "may be held up for a time.

Klemencic said the town recently approved a building permit for a credit union
to construct an office in Ellenboro. He said they should be breaking ground
soon.

An alley near Dodd's Sporting Goods has officially been closed in Ellenboro. The
closed alley will provide parking for Dodd's customers, which will free up the
street coming off of old Route 50.

Klemencic said a new thrift store recendy opened up in Ellenboro and Happy
Trails Cafe has stopped serving walk-in customers at this tune because of health
issues.

Banks reported the West Virginia Conservation Agency has funds available for
emergency stream cleaning.

He said funds are available to help with stream blockages, trees in the creeks
and trash He stated the stream or creekhas to be 80-percent blocked before any
thing would be done.

Banks said there are other criteria for funds, including potentially affecting
houses and businesses down stream. He stated he could get the number for the
Morgantown office if anyone was in need of assistance.

Banks announced me Six family of Harrisville was the district winners for a farm
conservation award.

"Congratulations to the Six family. They will be guests of honor at the banquet
in October," Banks said.

Banks stated there is money left over from the lake project and me district was
holding the money slated for recreation in a fund.

"A recommendation was to give it to the state park They have ideas to spend this
money. I think we may get some money for lights at the ball fields at the
recreation park in Harrisville. It is not official, but it is in the works. That
has been a big project," Banks said.

Banks said the reinforcement of the road to the dam at North Bend State Park has
been put on hold. He stated 17 different varieties of mussels were found when a
study was conducted.

"There are more and healthier mussels now than before they built the dam," Banks
said.

One of the varieties of mussels found is a snuffbox mussel which is on the
endangered species list.

"They have to relocate the mussel" Banks said.

Steve Worden, who attended the meeting as part of the public Thursday evening,
stated his road is going to be going because of the erosion caused by the
flooding.

Dan Fissel, representing Cairo, asked the board members to keep Gary Haugh,
mayor of Cairo, in there prayers.

"We are working on the fiber arts and engine festival for October," Fissel
stated.

He went on to say the ROAR group, a group of volunteers from Pennsylvania will
be in Cairo during the first full week of October. He stated this group of 35
contractors, carpenters and volunteers come to Cano each fall to help work
onhomes in die area.

"Anyone who wants to join diem any day can," Banks stated.

Fissel said The Scoop has been purchased and the new owners, Katie and Kirk, are
working on getting die ice cream shop open. He said as he understands it, they
will be serving ice cream, pizza and sandwiches.

Fissel said the owners of Marshall Hardware, A D. Crawford and Eve Weir, have
cleaned up the store and will eventually have an antique store, as well as rooms
to rent.

Donnie Jones, representing Pennsboro, stated the Country Roads Festival was
slated for Sept 5-7.

He went on to say the new Subway was slated to open later this month.

Alan Haught mayor of Harrisville, stated projects for water and sewer are
ongoing. He went on to say he would be attending die West Virginia Rural Water
Association and National Rural Water Association conferences.

"Why are people so negative with water expansion?" Banks asked.

McCullough said it sometimes comes down to the fact the person has a good water
well and doesn't want to pay for water.

He went on to say if they do not have a good well or no access to water, then
they want it.

"It is a misunderstanding with water. They have a choice to hookup to public
water systems," Haught stated.

"We see people who don't want it come back in three or four years down die road
and they want it," Haught said. Fissel said with the oil and gas production in
the county expanding, many people who have had good wells are now getting sulfur
tastes and smells to their water.

'You are going to see more of that," Fissel said.

"A lot of it is misunderstanding and miscommunication," McCullough said about
public water line expansions.

Parks passed out information on die contacts he has had over the past month with
businesses owners and others throughout the county, as well as meetings and
activities he did during the month.

He stated in a handout during die month of September, he had four people coming
into the county to discuss programs they might have available for the county.

Parks also stated he would be attending the West Virginia Development Council
fall conference in Logan and the West Virginia Community Leadership Academy in
Morgantown.

The hours of participation in these two activities will go toward the required
hours of training for the Local Economic Development Grant.

Parks said he will also be attending the West Virginia Oil and Gas Expo in
Morgantown to promote Ritchie County.

He said he is trying to schedule a Small Business Fundamental and Basic
Accounting workshop for October and November.

Parks is also schedule to make a report at the fall conference concerning die
on-line version of the grant submission forms.

A motion to dispense with the October meeting was approved.

The next Ritchie County Economic Development Authority meeting will be Nov. 7,
at 7 p.m., at die General Thomas Harris School Museum, Harrisville.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PEN

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 The Pennsboro News


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Julian News (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 6, 2010

Microloans Help Keep Small Businesses Out Of The Credit Crunch

BYLINE: The Julian News staff

LENGTH: 470  words


(NAPSA)--A newly expanded program could help millions of Americans start their
own small business or improve the one they have.

The initiative provides "micro-loans" of under $500 and up to $35,000 to
startup, newly established or growing small businesses. Such companies are the
No. 1 employer in the U.S., having generated 70 percent of new jobs annually
over the past decade, and it is believed that bolstering their access to credit
could be key to improving the economy as a whole.

Indeed, the Microloan Program, offered through the Small Business Administration
(SBA), is a significant component of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
of 2009. Expanding the program is meant to provide extra funding for SBA-backed
microlend-ers across the country, providing enough for $50 million in new loans.

Improving Access

While the Microloan Program is open to all entrepreneurs, the initiative
especially supports underserved markets, including borrowers with little or no
credit history, low-income borrowers, and women and minority entrepreneurs. In
the past, these groups have had difficulty qualifying for conventional loans or
other larger, SBA-guaranteed loans. To maximize chances for their business
success, all borrowers must participate in training, classroom or one-to-one
counseling and other forms of technical assistance. How To Apply The first step
for those considering a microloan is to develop a business plan or update the
one they have. You can find a number of online resources to help at www.sba.gov.
They include an assessment tool to help determine if you are ready to start a
small business, a tutorial on developing a business plan, and training courses
on "How to Prepare a Loan Package."

Next, visit the site to find an approved microlender in your area. The maximum
term allowed on a microloan is six years. However, terms vary according to the
size of the loan, the planned use of funds, the requirement of the lender and
the needs of the small-business owner. Additionally, lenders typically require
some type of collateral and the personal guarantee of the business owner to
repay the loan.

Interest rates on the loans vary but typically fall between 8 and 9 percent.
Rates are negotiated between the borrower and microlender.

About The Recovery Act

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provides the SBA with program
tools that offer new economic incentives to small businesses and lenders alike,
all aimed at growing the economy through job creation, restarting lending and
investing in small business.

In addition to expanding access to microloans, the act temporarily eliminated
certain loan fees and offers deferred loan payments of up to $35,000 through its
America's Recovery Capital (ARC) loan program, among other initiatives.

For more tips and information, visit www.sba.gov.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Small Town Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JLN

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2010 The Julian News


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     January 20, 2016 Wednesday 4:20 PM GMT

North East Microloan Fund sees strong take-up from region's businesses in 2015;

A total of 438 small firms and startups have been assisted by the initiative,
which offers quick access to cash through a streamlined process

BYLINE: By Robert Gibson

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 460 words


A fund designed to support small businesses and startups that have been
struggling to secure mainstream finance has seen a strong 2015.

The Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund, managed by Rivers Capital
Partners, typically offers loans of between £1,000 and £25,000, although in
exceptional cases it has provided up to £50,000.

Since its inception in 2011, the initiative has supported a total of 438
businesses in the region, 40 of which have gone on to secure a second loan. More
than 1,200 jobs have either been created or safeguarded.

Last year the fund offered 117 deals with a total value of just over £1.8m.

The Microloan is part of the Finance for Business North East project, which is
part financed by the North East of England European Regional Development Fund
Programme 2007 to 2013.

One of the advantages it offers for start-ups looking to get off the ground and
small businesses looking to expand is that decisions on applications are made
quickly within a streamlined process.

Already, the fund has financed a wide variety of sectors from established steel
fabrication businesses such as Bowburn-based Masfab and Northumberland-based
Eminent Engineering to Middlesbrough-based virtual reality experts Spearhead
Interactive.

The Fund has also helped aspiring businesses such as the Bishop Auckland-based
microbrewer Black Paw Brewery and Hartlepool's hot sauce manufacturer,
Kilimandjaro.

Furniture designer Dearden, in Middlesbrough, has also secured funding as has
Gateshead's Altin Coffee House.

Founded by John White, Jonathan Gold and Peter Hiscocks - all of whom have set
up and managed their own businesses - Rivers Capital Partners is an independent
venture capital management company.

To encourage emerging entrepreneurs, the company this year hosted a suite of
seminars in 2015 on issues connected with managing money and growing businesses,
the aim being to help those interested in seeking loan finance to approach
investors well prepared with understanding of cash flow and basic financial
strategies.

Fund manager Nikita Bazko said: "The North East Microloan Fund is recognised as
offering microloans to fund big ideas.

"It provides simple, affordable loans to small businesses in the region looking
for help to take their business to the next level.

"The continued surge of interest in the Microloan Fund this year, despite
economic difficulty is evidence of the determination of North East
entrepreneurs.

"Would-be entrepreneurs and established businesspeople are showing more
confidence, and willingness to take risks starting or growing a venture."

Managing director Jonathan Gold added, "If you're a confident inspired business,
you should have access to loans as it's still the most appropriate form of
finance for most businesses."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           September 15, 2008 Monday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

LOANS ARE AVAILABLE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES

BYLINE: Daily News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 235 words


Small businesses that want to buy equipment, relocate, renovate or simply need
working capital can apply for loans of up to $35,000 through the Valley Economic
Development Center.

The VEDC, a nonprofit business-development corporation, is partnering with the
U.S. Small Business Administration and Bank of America in the program, which
offers market-rate ``microloans'' with a three- to five-year term.

The program is designed to help companies struggling because of tighter credit
standards and the premature end of the SBA's Community Express loan program.

``Small business is the backbone of our economy, employing more than half of the
work force in the United States,'' VEDC President Roberto Barragan said. ``The
VEDC will not sit idly by and watch our small businesses suffer. we are here and
ready to meet this crisis head-on with our SBA microloan program.''

The VEDC funded $500,000 in Community Express loans, which have been suspended
until the end of the fiscal year. It subsequently funded microloans for eight
local businesses that qualified for Community Express funding but wouldn't have
received the money until next July.

In order to expedite assistance to business owners, VEDC will provide 48-hour
turnaround to microloan applicants with a minimum 600 FICO score. Two years of
tax returns are required as part of the application process.

For information, call 818-907-9977 or see www.microloan.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             June 25, 2015 Thursday

Business Briefs: Single-family home sales drop in May

BYLINE: The Berkshire Eagle

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 388 words


BERKSHIRESSingle-family home sales drop in May

Sales of single family homes in Berkshire County dropped 21.5 percent in May
compared to the same month in 2014, according to The Warren Group of Boston,
which tracks state real estate transactions. A total of 84 homes were sold in
May, compared to 107 in May 2014.

Year-to-date sales are down 8 percent, as 359 single-family homes have been sold
in the Berkshires this year compared to 390 through the first five months of
last year.

The median sales price in the Berkshire increased 9.7 percent in the 12 month
period ending in May at $197,500. Year-to-date, the median sales price has
dropped by 5 percent to $175,000.

Statewide, the sales of single-family homes dropped 2.6 percent in May, the
third time sales have decreased in 2015. Year-to-date sales are down 1.8
percent.BERKSHIRESNominations open for FSA committees

The nomination period for local Farm Service Agency county committees began on
June 15, according to Berkshire County USDA Farm Service Executive Director
Debra Senger.

Nomination forms must be postmarked or received in the Berkshire County FSA
office by the close of business on Aug. 3.

This year nominations and elections are being held in Local Administrative Area
(LAA) 3, which includes Great Barrington, Monterey, Mount Washington, New
Marlborough, Sandisfield and Sheffield.

To be eligible to serve on the FSA county committee, a person must participate
or cooperate in an agency administered program, be eligible to vote in a county
committee election, and reside in the LAA where they are nominated.

Information/nomination forms: www.fsa.usda.gov/elections .BERKSHIRESSBA revises
eligibility for microloan program

The U.S. Small Business Administration has published a final rule for its
Microloan Program that will allow an owner who is currently on probation or
parole to be eligible for the program.

The change will provide more flexibility to SBA non-profit intermediaries,
expand the pool of microloan recipients, and increase accessibility in SBA
programs.

SBA's Microloan Program, which is focused on startups, minority and other
underserved markets, provides loans up to $50,000 to help small businesses and
certain not-for-profit childcare centers start up and expand.

More information about the microloan program can be found at www.sba.gov/
microloans .

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                            November 24, 2014 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Millions available to help boost business fortunes

BYLINE: Jez Davison

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 398 words


TEESSIDE companies are being urged to apply for cash from a multi-million pound
fund designed to boost business growth.

Around £4m of the £6.5m North-east Microloan Fund has been invested in 338
companies across the region - leaving a further £2.5m to invest before the end
of next year.

Forty-two companies in the Tees Valley have collectively secured £472,534 from
the fund, which is managed by Rivers Capital and typically provides loans of
£1,000-£25,000. It works exclusively with businesses that have struggled to
secure mainstream finance.

Newcastle-based Rivers, which recently took over the Microloan contract, has now
opened a second office in Middlesbrough to assist potential investee companies
in the southern part of the region.

Jonathan Gold, co-founder and director at Rivers Capital, said: "We have
received a growing number of enquiries from companies in the Teesside region, in
places such as Middlesbrough, Stockton and Redcar and Cleveland. While we have
retained our Newcastle headquarters, we felt that it was appropriate to open an
office in Teesside to further improve our service offering to clients in that
part of the region.

"The Microloan Fund is ideal for companies that require additional capital to
grow their business but have been unable to secure finance from high street
banks.

"It has already helped hundreds of companies but there is still plenty of cash
left to invest in firms that are looking to expand their operations."

The Microloan Fund is one of a seven-strong suite of funds that make up the
£142.5m Finance for Business North East (FFBNE) programme, which was launched in
2010 by North East Finance to boost business growth, create jobs and oil the
wheels of the local economy. Rivers also manages the £7.5m FFBNE Angel Fund, a
specialist early-stage seed fund that invests in new and established small
companies with growth potential.

Tees Valley Unlimited, the local enterprise partnership for the area, praised
FFBNE and said the funds were a key driver of economic growth.

Stephen Catchpole, managing director of TVU, said: "The Microloan and Angel
funds are a great source of finance for companies that need additional
investment to grow their business.

"They are helping to create jobs and wealth and keep the economic revival on
track."

Rivers has assisted more than 400 North-east companies via investments from the
Angel and Microloan funds.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stephen Catchpole, left, of Tees Valley Unlimited, and Jonathan Gold,
¦of Rivers Capital, at the launch of Rivers Capital's Middlesbrough office

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2014 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                     November 21, 2014 Friday 11:59 AM GMT

Businesses! Fancy a cut of the £2.5m left over in investment funding pot?;
New office opened to help Teesside companies unlock up to £25k :: Money must be
invested before end of 2015

BYLINE: By Jez Davison

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 396 words


Teesside firms are being urged to apply for cash from a multi-million pound fund
designed to boost business growth.

Around £4m of the £6.5m North East Microloan Fund has been invested in 338
companies across the region - leaving a further £2.5m to invest before the end
of next year.

Forty-two companies in the Tees Valley have collectively secured £472,534 from
the fund, which is managed by Rivers Capital and typically provides loans of
£1,000-£25,000.

It works exclusively with businesses that have struggled to secure mainstream
finance.

Newcastle-based Rivers, which recently took over the Microloan contract, has now
opened a second office in Middlesbrough to assist potential investee companies
in the southern part of the region.

Jonathan Gold, co-founder and director at Rivers Capital, said: "We have
received a growing number of enquiries from companies in the Teesside region, in
places such as Middlesbrough, Stockton and Redcar & Cleveland.

"While we have retained our Newcastle headquarters, we felt that it was
appropriate to open an office in Teesside to further improve our service
offering to clients in that part of the region.

"The Microloan Fund is ideal for companies that require additional capital to
grow their business but have been unable to secure finance from high street
banks.

"It has already helped hundreds of companies but there is still plenty of cash
left to invest in firms that are looking to expand their operations."

The Microloan Fund is one of a seven-strong suite of funds that make up the
£142.5m Finance for Business North East (FFBNE) programme, which was launched in
2010 by North East Finance to boost business growth, create jobs and oil the
wheels of the local economy.

Rivers also manages the £7.5m FFBNE Angel Fund, a specialist early-stage seed
fund that invests in new and established small companies with growth potential.

Tees Valley Unlimited, the local enterprise partnership for the area, praised
FFBNE and said the funds were a key driver of economic growth.

Stephen Catchpole, managing director of TVU, said: "The Microloan and Angel
funds are a great source of finance for companies that need additional
investment to grow their business. They are helping to create jobs and wealth
and keep the economic revival on track."

Rivers has assisted more than 400 North East companies via investments from the
Angel and Microloan funds.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

Parolees to be eligible for micro-loans

BYLINE: Vicki Hillhouse, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin, Wash.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 273 words


June 24--From parole to payroll: A final rule from the U.S. Small Business
Administration for the Microloan Program offers a potential helping hand to
those re-entering the workforce.

The change, announced last week, allows small-business owners on parole or
probation to be eligible for microloan programs and in the process helps those
with the highest barriers to traditional employment as they re-enter the
workforce, according to an announcement.

"Small business ownership and self-employment are paths toward wealth creation
and independence," said SBA spokesman Miguel A. Ayala in the announcement. "This
option can be particularly useful for citizens who may have difficulty finding
employment, after returning to their community from prison."

The Microloan Program is aimed at startups, minority and other underserved
markets. It provides up to $50,000 in loans to help small businesses and certain
nonprofit child care centers get started and expand. It's become an essential
program in communities where conventional lending is difficult. The average
microloan size is around $13,000.

Increasing the eligibility is in line with goals of the Federal Reentry Council
to reduce barriers to employment and reduce recidivism, the announcement
explained. It also implements key recommendations of the president's My
Brother's Keeper Initiative to increase access to jobs, reduce violence and
provide a second chance. For more details, visit sba.gov/microloans.

___ (c)2015 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) Visit Walla Walla
Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) at union-bulletin.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150624-UN-Parolees-to-be-eligible-for-micro-loans-0624-20150624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                   Copyright 2015 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                          December 26, 2012 Wednesday

Big impact of microloans;
Just $2,500 means the world to part-time catering business

BYLINE: Laurie Monsebraaten Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. GT1

LENGTH: 558 words


You haven't eaten until you've tasted Paulina Tshuma's vegetarian samosas.
Unless, of course, you've tried her beer chicken. The 47-year-old social
worker's gourmet African and Caribbean food is irresistible.

And now more people will be able to enjoy it thanks to a $2,500 loan from Regent
Park's Access Microloan program that has helped Tshuma buy a freezer, food
trolley, blender and chafing dishes to grow her part-time catering business.

"Economic development is at the heart of the revitalization of Regent Park, and
it lives in the spirit and passion of entrepreneurs and small business owners,"
says Haris Blentic, manager of Dixon Hall's employment centre on Queen St. E.

Dixon Hall is the latest of five community organizations across Toronto to
partner with Access Community Capital Fund, a registered charity that provides
community-based microloans, advice and support to entrepreneurs who can't get
approved for traditional loans due to their low incomes or poor credit ratings.

Microfinance is common in the Third World, where loans as small as $50 are
helping women pull their families - and whole communities - out of poverty, says
Don Inouye, chair of Access's board of directors.

But, he says, they are increasingly helping vulnerable communities in developed
nations.

"We are helping people who have no access to credit so they can build their own
business and pay to send their kids to school," he says.

The charity provides loans of up to $10,000. But the typical amount is between
$3,000 and $5,000. The money is disbursed by the Royal Bank and guaranteed by
Access.

Investors earn 1 per cent on their capital, but most donate their earnings back
to the charity, he says. "They don't invest to make money. They do it to make a
difference."

Since Access was launched in Riverdale 12 years ago, it has made more than 200
loans with a 85 per cent rate of repayment. But those who defaulted were
successful too, notes Inouye, because they "learned a lesson about finance in a
safe and supported way."

"At the end of the day, helping people is what we are all about," he says.

The charity's other microloan chapters are in Black Creek, East Scarborough and
Thorncliffe Park. Access hopes to open chapters next year in Weston, Mt. Dennis,
Lawrence Heights and Warden Woods.

Tshuma is Regent Park's first successful microloan applicant. She is among 34
active recipients in Toronto, representing almost $180,000 in loans to budding
entrepreneurs.

Tshuma, who started her part-time catering business about six years ago, has
built a loyal clientele of non-profit organizations in the area including the
Stephen Lewis Foundation, Women's Health in Women's Hands and the Toronto People
With AIDS Foundation.

"I have always loved entertaining friends at home with my cooking," she says. "A
friend said, "Why don't you make a business out of it?' "

But it was a challenge working out of her apartment kitchen. Her new freezer
will allow her to buy food in bulk when it is on sale, she says.

For Tshuma, who admits she has struggled since moving to Canada 15 years ago
from South Africa, the microloan is giving her a chance to prove herself.

At the program's launch in Regent Park this fall - which she catered - Tshuma's
food won her at least four potential new clients.

"If people believe in you, they will support you," she says. "It really feels
good."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paulina Tshuma of Paulina's Catering prepares food for a lunchtime
catering job. Her small business got a boost with a Regent Park microloan. Nick
Kozak for the Toronto Star

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                               February 16, 2007

SBA proposes new look for loan programs

BYLINE: Adina Genn

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 550  words


The Small Business Administration plans to cut lending fees, revamp its
Microloan program and enhance other initiatives, including boosting its
government-contracting program, according to its proposed 2008 budget.

The budget has received mixed reviews. Some believe the restructuring would not
provide enough support to small businesses.

The budget calls for a 10 percent reduction in fees for lenders granting 7(a)
loans, the SBA's flagship lending program. Nearly 90,000 of those loans were
granted nationwide last year, totaling more than $13 billion. Almost 1,160 of
the loans, nearly $133 million, were granted to Long Island firms.

The budget would also eliminate upfront fees for businesses receiving 504 loans,
a capital-asset lending program from certified development companies. Last year,
the SBA provided 9,720 of the 504 loans ($5.61 billion), 77 of them ($54
million) to Long Island firms.

Those reduced fees would enable small businesses "to avail themselves to our
products at a lower cost level than they had last year," said SBA Administrator
Steven Preston.

Overall, the SBA requested $17.5 billion for the 7(a) program, up 27 percent
from last year, and another $7.5 billion for its 504 program, up 32 percent.

Roslyn Goldmacher, president and chief executive of the Bethpage-based Long
Island Development Corp., said the increased authority for 504 loans would
enable development companies to meet demand. Lower 504 loan fees would also
decrease the program's cost to small businesses, making it more affordable for
them to invest in capital projects, she said.

But Trevor Davis, senior vice-president and chief lending officer at the
Centereach-based Community Development Corp., sees both "good and bad" in the
budget proposal. The Community Development Corp. is a provider of both 7(a)
loans and Microloans.

"It's the first time in four years that the president's budget has not proposed
the elimination of the entire SBA Microloan program," Davis said. "We see it as
a victory and vindication of the usefulness of our program. "

The Microloan program provides up to $35,000 to small businesses that don't
qualify for traditional bank loans.

But Davis was concerned by the proposed Microloan restructuring, which would
eliminate grant funding and increase the cost of borrowing. "It would severely
impact our ability to provide technical assistance," he said.

Preston said the proposed Microloan changes would enable the

SBA to continue serving micro-borrowers at no cost to taxpayers. Counselors at
SCORE, Small Business Development Centers and Women's Business Centers could
provide the technical assistance, he said.

But there are no Women's Business Centers on Long Island, Davis noted, "and
we're already working with SBDCs and SCORE. "

Davis said he was waiting for analysis of the 7(a) program by the Oklahoma-based
National Association of Government Guaranteed Lenders "to see how it would
impact the industry. "

Michelle Gillette, an owner of Bohemia-based Aaron Edwards Corporation, a
provider of language translations, was encouraged by the proposed
government-contracting program, which includes hiring nine new procurement
center representatives. Bidding on government contracts is like "learning a
separate language," Gillette said, and more procurement staffers can only help.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 24, 2007 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

LITTLE LOANS OFFER ENORMOUS BOOST. Microlenders take a chance on small
businesses that can't win bank approval

BYLINE: BY PHYLLIS FURMAN DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: YOUR MONEY; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 600 words


Dina Tate wanted to get the word out about Blackbridalguide.com, her 2-year-old
online store focused on African-American brides and grooms.

She tried a number of banks and asked for a $3,000 loan to help revamp her Web
site and fund an Internet ad campaign.

They turned her down.

"They basically said I was a startup," said Tate, 35, of Stuyvesant Heights,
Brooklyn. "They wanted to see more revenue. I said, 'How can I show you more
revenue when I'm just a startup?' "

One lender, Citibank, recommended that she contact Accion New York, a nonprofit
microlender that provides small loans to business owners.

Accion, the city's largest microlender, approved her application, allowing Tate
to advertise in time for her peak selling season. Sales jumped 20%.

Microloans, which typically range from $500 to $35,000 and are often doled out
by nonprofits, are helping entrepreneurs citywide build day care centers, spruce
up storefronts, outfit restaurants and launch beauty salons.

"It's important for people to understand that there is this source of capital,"
said Paul Quintero, interim CEO of Accion New York. "Microloans are credit for
the unbanked or underbanked."

Accion sees itself as an alternative to loan sharks - prestamistas, in Spanish -
who often prey on immigrants by offering very high-interest, illegal loans.

While the city doesn't collect data on the growth of microlending, demand and
available capital are clearly on the rise. Last year, Accion New York doled out
$17 million in microloans, up fourfold from 2001. Other local microlenders
include the Business Outreach Center, the New York Association for New
Americans, Project Enterprise and Women's Venture Fund.

The microlending movement was thrust into the spotlight last year when
Bangledeshi economist Muhammad Yunus won the Nobel Prize for his work in
microcredit.

A good place to learn more is at one of the city's Business Solution Centers,
which "offer business owners and entrepreneurs free one-on-one assistance in
preparing loan packages, get financial statements and credit reports in order,
and seek out loans with terms that meet their needs," said Rob Walsh,
commissioner of the Department of Small Business Services.

While a bank will scrutinize credit history, microlenders may focus on other
factors, especially a borrower's business plan.

"You'll need to help us understand your business," said Nancy Carin of the
Business Outreach Center, which has offices in all five boroughs.

Microloans generally cost more than bank loans, though some subsidize rates with
grants. Accion's rates range from 11% to 18%, and Business Outreach Center's
rates are about 8% to 12%. Banks charge around 9.25% to 11.25%.

Default rates on microloans are low: 7% for Accion and 5% for the Business
Outreach Center. Microlenders claim that's mainly because they help borrowers
draft business plans, and with budgeting and marketing.

Amu Ptah, who runs a consulting firm for nonprofits called PtahWorks, recently
attended an Accion seminar at Polytechnic University in Brooklyn. Ptah, 35, of
nearby Clinton Hill, knows she can't turn to a bank. "My personal credit needs
help," she said.

Another entrepreneur at the seminar, Ora Matthew, 42, was thinking about tapping
her retirement fund, but looked into microloans instead.

Matthew, of Mt. Vernon, wanted help launching a home-based spa. Microlenders
"cater more on an intimate level," she said. "They don't just give you money and
leave you stuck."

Sidebar: Learn more

New York City Business Solutions Centersnyc.gov/smallbiz

AccionAccionnewyork.org

Business Outreach CenterBocnet.org

pfurman@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Banks turned her down, so Dina Tate turned to microlender Accion.
Photos by John Tracy Entrepreneur Ora Matthew went to seminar to find out about
microloans.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SIDEBAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Islamabad Dateline

                            November 11, 2011 Friday

PPAF disburses $775 million as microcredit

BYLINE:  DATELINE REPORT

SECTION: Vol. II No. 1

LENGTH: 431  words


Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund (PPAF) played key role in promoting small
industries in the country by disbursing US$ 775 million through 4.7 million
microcredit loans since its inception. According to PPAF, at present almost 45
per cent of Pakistan's 2.1 million borrowers are financed by PPAF through its 52
partner organizations in 92 districts across the country.

As a strategic partner of MSC, PPAF also supports the work of Microcredit Summit
Campaign in Pakistan and the region. It is the lead apex agency offering
microfinance in Pakistan and works closely with Microcredit Summit Campaign for
inclusive and improved financial services to the underserved. A report released
by Microcredit Summit Campaign, more than 137.5 million of the world's poorest
families received a microloan in 2010 -an all-time high.

Assuming an average of five persons per family, these 137.5 million microloans
affected more than 687 million family members, which is greater than the
combined populations of the European Union and Russia.

Microloans are used to help people living in poverty in both industrialized and
developing countries to expand a range of small businesses, such as selling
products in a local market, making clothes, and providing computer and other
business services in rural areas.

The experts plead continued microcredit as the families who were inquired about
its focus had replied 'education for their children, health for their family,
decent housing that keeps the rain and cold out, and regular, nutritious meals.'
While more than 205 million people worldwide received a microloan in 2010, this
multi-year campaign focuses on outreach to the poorest clients.

According to the report, over the last 13 years the number of very poor families
with a microloan had grown more than 18 fold from 7.6 million in 1997 to 137.5
million in 2010. The latest data comes from more than 3,600 institutions
worldwide, with more than 94 percent of the information having been collected
within the last 18 months.

The report also highlights the number of poorest women reached. Not only have
these women been the most excluded from traditional banking, but they are also
the ones most likely to ensure that the increased income is used to improve the
lives of their children. From 1999 to 2010, the number of poorest women reached
has increased from 10.3 million to 113.1 million.

The Microcredit Summit Campaign aims to reach 175 million of the world's poorest
families by 2015 and ensure that 100 million of those families move above the
World Bank's $1.25 a day poverty threshold.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Islamabad Dateline
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Islamabad Dateline

                            November 11, 2011 Friday

PPAF disburses $775 million as microcredit

BYLINE:  DATELINE REPORT

SECTION: Vol. II No. 1

LENGTH: 431  words


Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund (PPAF) played key role in promoting small
industries in the country by disbursing US$ 775 million through 4.7 million
microcredit loans since its inception. According to PPAF, at present almost 45
per cent of Pakistan's 2.1 million borrowers are financed by PPAF through its 52
partner organizations in 92 districts across the country.

As a strategic partner of MSC, PPAF also supports the work of Microcredit Summit
Campaign in Pakistan and the region. It is the lead apex agency offering
microfinance in Pakistan and works closely with Microcredit Summit Campaign for
inclusive and improved financial services to the underserved. A report released
by Microcredit Summit Campaign, more than 137.5 million of the world's poorest
families received a microloan in 2010 -an all-time high.

Assuming an average of five persons per family, these 137.5 million microloans
affected more than 687 million family members, which is greater than the
combined populations of the European Union and Russia.

Microloans are used to help people living in poverty in both industrialized and
developing countries to expand a range of small businesses, such as selling
products in a local market, making clothes, and providing computer and other
business services in rural areas.

The experts plead continued microcredit as the families who were inquired about
its focus had replied 'education for their children, health for their family,
decent housing that keeps the rain and cold out, and regular, nutritious meals.'
While more than 205 million people worldwide received a microloan in 2010, this
multi-year campaign focuses on outreach to the poorest clients.

According to the report, over the last 13 years the number of very poor families
with a microloan had grown more than 18 fold from 7.6 million in 1997 to 137.5
million in 2010. The latest data comes from more than 3,600 institutions
worldwide, with more than 94 percent of the information having been collected
within the last 18 months.

The report also highlights the number of poorest women reached. Not only have
these women been the most excluded from traditional banking, but they are also
the ones most likely to ensure that the increased income is used to improve the
lives of their children. From 1999 to 2010, the number of poorest women reached
has increased from 10.3 million to 113.1 million.

The Microcredit Summit Campaign aims to reach 175 million of the world's poorest
families by 2015 and ensure that 100 million of those families move above the
World Bank's $1.25 a day poverty threshold.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Islamabad Dateline
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                              March 8, 2010 Monday

India experiencing microboom

LENGTH: 924 words


India experiencing microboom

Low-wage day laborers giving up plow by taking out tiny loans and starting
family businesses

RINICHIRO NAGASAWA

Staff writer

NEW DELHI - Demand for microfinance - tiny loans to low-income people to help
them start or operate small businesses - is growing at a phenomenal pace in
India. Higher demand for these so-called microloans indicates that poor people
are increasingly opting to start family businesses rather than work as low-wage
day laborers. Encouraged by high repayment rates for microloans as well as a
bright outlook for the market, traditional banks have begun to actively invest
in microlenders. Their capital is helping these lenders further expand their
funding sources.

"Our income has already increased 2.5-fold," said a 36-year-old housewife who
lives in the eastern Indian city of Kolkata. Three years ago, she borrowed 7,000
rupees ($152), from a local microlender and started a bag-making business
jointly with several neighbors.

The business has succeeded, with monthly production rising to 6,000 bags from
the initial output of 120 units.

To help the business on a full-time basis, the woman's husband quit his
day-labor job as a painter. The woman's success has enabled her family to put
away some cash and hire a tutor for her son.

Poor people, who account for 30% of India's population of approximately 1.2
billion, have had little choice but to make a living by working on a day-to-day
basis at construction sites or farms.

Those who have wanted to start their own businesses have had no access to the
kinds of lending services provided by commercial banks. This is largely due to
these potential borrowers' lack of collateral as well as to their high default
risk.

High repayment

Now the growing availability of small, uncollateralized loans is altering the
working styles of the country's poor, giving them chances to test their
entrepreneurial ability as well as their flair for making bags, processing
agricultural products and making decorative items.

In the two years through March 2009, the number of microloan borrowers jumped
70% to 86 million, with the outstanding loan balance expanding 120% to 351.3
billion rupees, according to a survey by India's association of microlenders.

Conventional banks are reluctant to directly enter the microfinance business,
which provides any single borrower with a loan of about 5,000 rupees on average,
due to concerns about their ability to profit from such small-lot lending.

Microfinance firms, which are often established by nongovernmental
organizations, take advantage of their equally micro-operating costs, which are
much lower than those of banks.

But with the market rapidly expanding, an increasing number of banks have begun
forays into the sector via capital tie-ups with microlenders. ICICI Bank, a
major Indian lender, had invested 25 billion rupees in partner institutions
through March 2009.

Foreign banks operating in India, including London-based Standard Chartered Bank
and U.S. banking giant Citigroup, have also started providing funds to
microfinance firms.

In December, the state-owned Small Industries Development Bank of India paid 500
million rupees for an 11% or so stake in Bandhan Financial Services Pvt., the
nation's fourth-largest microcredit institution.

One reason big banks are now motivated to invest in microlending is the high
repayment rate - the industry average is estimated at more than 90%. They also
now believe that default risks reflect the tiny size of the small-lot loans. In
other words, microlending is a low-risk venture.

In neighboring Bangladesh, Muhammad Yunus, the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize laureate,
launched a microfinance scheme in the 1970s. In the past decade or so, similar
lending schemes have begun to take root in India.

Some estimates show that India's microfinance market now outstrips that of
Bangladesh in terms of size and is Asia's largest microloan market.

But despite the advantages of microfinance, a number of problems have begun to
surface in India.

For one, since they do not require collateral, microloans come with interest
rates that reach an annualized 20-40%. This is well above the rates offered by
commercial banks on their collateralized loans. Still, the rates on microloans
are lower than those charged by loan sharks and other unauthorized lenders.

Microsharks

"Microlenders are generally reluctant to lower their lending rates, even if
their earnings increase," said one financial consultant, who argues that these
lenders' efforts to return profits to borrowers are not enough.

Another problem that has begun to emerge is that of borrowers taking out
microloans from more than one lender. This at least partially stems from the
intense competition among these lenders to acquire additional customers.

Given the fact that most microloan borrowers are rather unknowledgeable about
financial products, those who are taking out multiple loans from an assortment
of lenders could run into a great deal of trouble trying to pay them off.

Reports are circulating that when a member of a borrowers' circle falls in
arrears, the person often is pressured into taking out additional loans from
unauthorized lenders so the circle's other borrowers will not be liable for the
repayments. In microlending, a borrower is often put into a group that gets
together when payments are due. The intention is to ratchet up peer pressure.
But in some cases, groups have collectively refused to repay in protest of their
lender's policies.

(The Nikkei Weekly 03/08/2010 Edition)

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      August 13, 2002 Tuesday 1ST EDITION

SBA rates 3 areas best for microloans

BYLINE: Aldo Svaldi , Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. C-03

LENGTH: 316 words


Borrowers needing a small-business loan need look no farther than  Calhan, Las
Animas or Grand Junction.

Those places are where the U.S. Small Business Administration has  found the
Colorado-based banks most willing to make microloans,  defined as $ 100,000 or
less, according to an SBA survey released  Monday.

The SBA recognized 11 Colorado banks as microbusiness-friendly -  none were big
banks. Only one, First Community Industrial Bank,  called Denver home.

The Farmers State Bank of Calhan reported 576 microbusiness loans  worth $ 18.6
million as of June 30, 2001, putting it at the top of  the SBA list in Colorado.

All of the bank's business loans were under $ 100,000. First  National Bank of
Las Animas and the Bank of Grand Junction had 97.5  percent of their loans in
the micro category.

Most of the banks on the list had $ 100 million or less in assets.  That limits
their ability to make larger loans.

First Community Industrial reported 697 microloans worth $ 58.1  million. That
amount was more than what Key Corp., Zions Bancorp.,  FirstBank, Guaranty Corp.
and Cobiz Inc. each reported.

Larger banks often prefer to issue larger loans. But the largest  banks
operating in the state made plenty of microloans.

Among the large banks with the greatest activity in microlending,  U.S. Bancorp
had 7,503 microloans in the state worth $ 134.7  million. Wells Fargo & Co.
reported 4,693 microloans worth $ 132.9  million.

Nationally, American banks increased their microbusiness loans by  more than 10
percent last year, outpacing the increases seen in  larger loan categories.

Much of the growth in microlending can be traced to the promotion  of credit
cards by the major banks and finance companies, the SBA  noted.

SBA research shows that more businesses are using credit cards to  raise funds.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       July 28, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

500 New Michigan Small Business Jobs Expected via Huntington Bank Microlending
Partnership with State

LENGTH: 868  words


July 28 -- Huntington Bank announced today a significant expansion of its Pure
Michigan Micro Lending Initiative collaboration with the Michigan Economic
Development Corporation (MEDC) to include a new five-year, $5 million Michigan
small business lending commitment. The expansion brings funding through the
Initiative for the first time to communities in 17 counties across West,
Southwest, Central and Southeast Michigan to capitalize microloans, which are
expected to create approximately 500 new small business jobs. Today's
announcement is an expansion within the $25 million microlending program
Huntington originally announced in 2013 in conjunction with the MEDC.

"Small business owners continue to be the backbone of economic growth in our
communities," said Huntington West Michigan region President John Irwin. "We are
grateful to our Pure Michigan Micro Lending Initiative partners for joining us
to help more small businesses grow stronger and create jobs."

"Huntington is a valuable partner in increasing microlending opportunities in
Michigan," said MEDC CEO Steve Arwood. "We want to foster and maintain emerging
business owners who are helping to drive growth in the state. They are
entrepreneurs with good ideas and solid plans who need a little help with
financing to achieve their goals."

Huntington launched the program today as part of an eight-city West and
Southwest Michigan tour to help connect emerging small businesses seeking credit
to the program by engaging local community business and economic development
growth representatives.

Here's how it works:

* Small business owners, start-ups, and economic development and community
leaders can connect about small business growth microlending investment
opportunities with Grand Rapids Opportunities for Women (GROW) in West and
Southwest Michigan and Michigan Small Business Development Center (MI-SBDC)
across the service area. In Grand Rapids, they can also reach out to LINC
Community Revitalization.

* GROW and MI-SBDC will help guide the businesses and partners through business
development support and coaching to help business owners prepare to apply for
and obtain a microloan.

* Huntington microloan pool funds will be lent through Opportunity Resource
Fund, an established Michigan microlender.

* GROW will continue to also operate its independent microlending program
available in West and Southwest Michigan communities.

Huntington will be facilitating additional local partnerships to drive
grassroots support toward ensuring microlending access in all eligible
communities, which are:

* Grand Rapids (Kent/Montcalm/Ottawa counties)

* Kalamazoo (Kalamazoo/Van Buren counties)

* Muskegon (Muskegon County)

* Lansing (Clinton/Eaton/Ingham counties)

* Allegan County (Holland and surrounding areas)

* Newaygo County

* Ionia County

* Warren (Oakland/Macomb/Livingston/St. Clair counties)

* Detroit (Wayne County)

The Pure Michigan Micro Lending Initiative began with a pilot for Detroit small
businesses launched in fall 2013 that is currently approaching $1 million in use
of a separate five-year, $5 million Huntington funding commitment. That has also
recently expanded to become available to Pontiac businesses.

"Huntington is delivering on the promise of Michigan's potential," said Jim
Dunlap, Huntington's senior executive for the state. "We know the businesses
that benefit from Pure Michigan Micro Lending Initiative support are more likely
to keeping growing here and contributing to the Michigan economy."

Microloans are typically between $1,000-$100,000, but can be as large as
$250,000 under the Pure Michigan Micro Lending Initiative. Huntington allocates
microloan pool funds through a line of credit to nonprofit community lenders
like Opportunity Resource Fund, that then make microloans to business owners who
are not yet able to access traditional financing due to limited operating
history, lack of traditional collateral or insufficient credit history. As their
name implies, microloans are also often smaller than loans underwritten by
traditional banks. Furthermore, all community partners will collaborate to help
applicants prepare so they can have the best chance for success within the
microlending process and resulting use of a loan.

Huntington has engaged in private-public partnership with Michigan since 2011,
working with MEDC to exceed a commitment of $2 billion in lending to Michigan
commercial and small businesses, and also successfully concluding a 2012 $100
million commitment to Michigan affordable housing investment and lending this
year. Huntington's development of the Pure Michigan Micro Lending Initiative
structure for MEDC in 2013 enables further bank and funding partners to leverage
the program toward a potential total of $250 million in statewide microlending.

Furthermore, Huntington is growing in Michigan with the opening in the state of
approximately 40 new Meijer in-store locations this year, the acquisition of
Bloomfield Hills-based Macquarie Equipment Finance Inc. (now Huntington
Technology Finance) in February, and the addition of 22 new Huntington branches
in and around the metropolitan areas of Saginaw, Bay City, Midland, Flint and
Monroe in 2014.

Source: Huntington Bancshares

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                           February 13, 2000, Sunday

Loan not as good as it sounds

BYLINE: Sarah Toyne

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 324 words


A COMPANY called Microloans is advertising "preapproved" loans for servicemen
and women, NHS nurses and teachers, writes Sarah Toyne.

The advertisement tempts customers with a headline interest rate of 14.9% and
promises to put from Pounds 500 to Pounds 1,500 in your account in days.

A call to the sales department revealed that the cheaper rate of 14.9% applies
to customers who choose to repay their loan within a year. If you opt for an
18-month repayment period, you will be charged 18.4%.

We asked the salesman to explain pre-approved - and the meaning was a little
vague. The loan company has not agreed the terms with the eligible professions.

Nor does Microloans automatically grant a loan to a soldier, nurse or teacher -
the usual credit checks apply. In fact, pre-approved seems to mean very little.

To qualify for the loan, Microloans needs your last two pay slips, your bank
details and last bank statement.

The loan rate is not bad, if you can afford to repay it over 12 months. But that
may not be a viable option if you are a grade D nurse earning Pounds 15,000 a
year.

There are better loans on the market - and you don't need to be a teacher or
nurse to qualify. Nor is there an automatic borrowing limit of Pounds 1,500.
Northern Rock (0345 421421) charges interest of 13.8% on Pounds 1,500 if you pay
it off over 12 or 18 months. The 18-month loan therefore works out more than
Pounds 350 cheaper than the Microloans deal. If you took a loan out with Smile,
the net bank (www.smile.co.uk), you will be charged interest of 13.9% and save
just under Pounds 300.

After more than six calls to Imperial Consolidated Financiers, Microloans'
parent company, we eventually got through to someone in the marketing
department. After two conversations, we were told someone would get back to us,
but nobody did.

If its media relations are a barometer of its customer service, then steer
clear.


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Adwatch

                    Copyright 2000 Times Newspapers Limited


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                August 29, 2016

Entrepreneurship program to offer training, loans to ex-inmates

BYLINE: Lindsay VanHulle

SECTION: Pg. 5 Vol. 32

LENGTH: 848  words


The federal agency tasked with helping small-business owners opted last year to
"ban the box" on its microloan lending program, a rule change that will open new
options for former prisoners previously excluded from such financing.

That decision by the U.S. Small Business Administration in 2015 laid the
groundwork for a new pilot project that will roll out in Detroit in coming
months. Roughly 50 ex-offenders in the city will be eligible to receive up to
$50,000 in microloans through the agency and entrepreneurship training designed
to help them start and grow a business.

Called the Aspire Entrepreneurship Initiative, the $2.1 million program is the
latest among efforts to help connect convicted felons with employment
opportunities. The three-year project is launching in Detroit and three other
cities - Chicago, St. Louis and Louisville, Ky. - in conjunction with Battle
Creek-based W.K. Kellogg Foundation and Justine Petersen, a St. Louis-based
organization that helps low-income people with credit building and other
financial needs. If it works, organizers hope to expand it nationally.

By next month, Justine Petersen, which will operate the program, plans to name a
Detroit-area service provider that has experience working with ex-offenders to
help identify participants, spokesman Galen Gondolfi said. Priority will be
given to ex-inmates with children, particularly those from birth to 8 years old,
he said.

"This is about life skills as it relates to financial asset-building," Gondolfi
said. "The goal ... is about stabilizing households, raising household income
and, to be honest, even impacting neighborhoods and communities at large."

About 200 people will participate across the four cities, SBA spokeswoman Andrea
Roebker said. Training will include classroom instruction, mentoring and
financial coaching. Those who complete the training and show they're able to
start a business will qualify for microloans. The average microloan awarded
under the SBA program is worth $13,000.

Roebker said the pilot expands the audience for other agency programs, including
business plan counseling.

Organizers have an initial goal of 50 participants in each city, with 30
completing the entrepreneurship training and 25 closing on a microloan, Gondolfi
said. Coursework could begin in the spring.

Gondolfi said participants will study the Ice House Entrepreneurship Program, an
experience-based course offered through the Kansas City, Mo.-based Ewing Marion
Kauffman Foundation and Entrepreneurial Learning Initiative Inc., of Mentor,
Ohio. Two classes of participants are expected to go through the nearly
five-month course throughout the three-year grant period, Gondolfi said.

The small-business agency will manage the project and access to capital for the
microloan portion of the program. The Kellogg Foundation will fund much of the
effort, including matching dollars for a revolving loan fund, and work with the
SBA on a report evaluating the pilot's results.

Gondolfi said the foundation "strongly recommended" that Detroit be included on
the list of inaugural cities.

"Detroit is really at a place where the time is right," said Jeanne Wardford, a
program officer with the Kellogg Foundation's family and economic security team.
"We've seen a lot of new development with small businesses in the city, and I
think this opens up another aspect of that."

Kellogg will fund close to $1.5 million of the project cost, with SBA
contributing $650,000, Wardford said. The goal of the revolving microloan fund
is to have a pool of money that can exist once the pilot program has ended, she
said.

The partnering organizations also will evaluate its results to determine whether
the entrepreneurship training supports a real change in household income,
Wardford said, adding: "To our knowledge, there have been some smaller studies
done, but this is one of the largest, most-comprehensive studies that are going
to happen around this population with micro enterprise."

Roebker, of SBA, said organizers will study several outcomes - including family
economic security, skills development, training satisfaction, participants'
ability to start a business or find a job - and recommend best practices for
future training.

The evaluation also could include such benchmarks as household income, credit
scores, business growth and job creation, Gondolfi said. Organizers hope the
program could lead to more private investment from new participating banks and
foundations.

The pilot is not being run in conjunction with the Michigan Department of
Corrections, though spokesman Chris Gautz said the department has contacted its
organizers.

Corrections administrators have created a residential vocational training
program at two state prisons near Ionia and Jackson, which offer training and
certification in trades such as automotive repair and construction. And the
department is working with three Michigan community colleges on a federal
program that will extend Pell Grants to incarcerated students in hopes their
education will help them find jobs once they're released.

Twitter: @LindsayVanHulle

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2016 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 11, 2011 Friday

Pakistan: Over 137 million world's poor receive microloans in 2010

LENGTH: 376 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Nov. 11 -- More than 137.5 million of the world's

poorest families received microloans in 2010 which is all time high, according
to a report released Thursday by the Microcredit Summit Campaign (MSC).

Assuming an average of five persons per family, these 137.5 million

microloans affected more than 687 million family members, which is greater than
the combined populations of the European Union and Russia.

Microloans are used to help people living in poverty in both

industrialized and developing countries to expand a range of small

businesses, such as selling products in a local market, making clothes, and
providing computer and other business services in rural areas.

As a strategic partner of MSC, Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund

(PPAF) supports the work of the Summit in Pakistan and the region.

PPAF is the lead apex agency offering microfinance in Pakistan and

works closely with Microcredit Summit Campaign for inclusive and improved
financial services to the under-served.

Since its inception, PPAF has disbursed more than $ 775 million

through 4.7 million microcredit loans, said PPAF statement issued here.

Currently, almost 45 per cent of Pakistan's 2.1 million borrowers are

financed by PPAF through its 52 partner organizations in 92 districts across the
country, it added.

The report's release precedes the Global Microcredit Summit 2011 to be

held on November 14-17 in Valladolid, Spain.

According to the report, over the last 13 years, the number of very

poor families with a microloan has grown more than 18-fold from 7.6 million in
1997 to 137.5 million in 2010.

The latest data comes from more than 3,600 institutions worldwide,

with more than 94 percent of the information having been collected within the
last 18 months.

The report also reveals that the number of poorest women increased

from 10.3 million in 1999 to 113.1 million in 2010.

The Microcredit Summit Campaign aims to reach 175 million of the

world's poorest families by 2015 and ensure that 100 million of those families
move above the World Bank's $1.25-a-day poverty threshold Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 4, 2012 Wednesday

Microloan program includes guidance and funding help

BYLINE: Mark Newman, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 598 words


April 04--OTTUMWA -- There's more to starting a business than a good idea and a
willingness to work hard.

In Wapello County, a motivated person with an idea for a business can get help
with the other stuff that makes a startup  successful by visiting Iowa State
Extension and Outreach downtown.

"We get them to where they need to be," said Himar Hernandez, the Community and
Economic Development person at the Wapello County office.

ISU, Wapello County Extension and the Iowa Microloan Foundation have partnered
on a project to help area residents start small businesses.

"We're able to make small loans that banks don't want to make, plus credit is
still tight right now," Hernandez said, "and some people don't have a credit
history."

The idea, Hernandez said, seems to have started in a poverty-stricken country,
where farmers would want to own their own dairy cow. Yet because making a loan
does cost money, no banks were willing to loan someone $300; it just wasn't
worth it. Then an organization stepped in and began making these very small
loans, enabling people to sustain themselves and their families ... or to sell
some milk or cheese.

In the Wapello County area, the first participant of the Extension office's
microloan program needed a few thousand dollars for a machine to make tortillas.
Jose Rodas had, like most entrepreneurs, strengths and weaknesses.

He had lived in Ottumwa for many years, had a good reputation in the community,
worked a job, had good credit and had some savings built up. He had a good idea
and a willingness to work hard.

But there were challenges, too. He didn't have a business plan, a good location
or any idea of which permits he would need.

Unlike most banks, Extension will happily send someone who  is untrained in
business to classes.

"Wapello County Extension provides up to $500 for each successful applicant.
We're sending Mr. Rodas to a basic accounting class," Hernandez said.

Rodas' son-in-law, Luis Lazaro, said the business, Tortilleria Los Twins on
Church Street, is open eight hours a day. The busiest days, he said, are
Saturday, before family and friends get together for parties, and Sundays after
church gets out.

For bulk orders of the soft corn tortillas, they wait until just before the
customer arrives so that their tortillas are still hot by the time they get them
home. They also keep their tortillas for smaller orders wrapped and stacked in
coolers that actually keep the product warm.

"We wanted to go through one business, see the doors open. It's a learning
process for us, too; we're not bankers," Hernandez said. "We want to open doors
and create jobs."

A three-person volunteer microloan committee makes decisions on realistic
business plans. If people don't have one, the board doesn't laugh at people's
ideas. They will offer suggestions on how to develop a plan and what it might
cost to chase a dream.

They also work with other community resources to give a mentor to new business
operators. There are ways to get technical assistance and counseling, too: What
hours will the business be open? Do they have insurance? How do they get the
word out? Who will buy their product?

Hernandez said he helped the tortilla maker get the necessary permits and has
contacted several area stores and restaurants.

"They're excited about getting a local Ottumwa food," he said. "[Such
assistance] reduces our risk. We want them to stay in business. We want them to
repay their loan."

___ (c)2012 the Ottumwa Courier (Ottumwa, Iowa) Visit the Ottumwa Courier
(Ottumwa, Iowa) at www.ottumwacourier.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120404-OT-Microloan
-program-includes-guidance-and-funding-help-0404-20120404

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                         Copyright 2012 Ottumwa Courier


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             July 14, 2009 Tuesday

Paul Winter Consort to serenade the heifers

BYLINE: Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 620 words


By JON POTTER

BRATTLEBORO -- In his quest to find inspiration in "the greater symphony of the
Earth," music pioneer Paul Winter has recorded with wolves, whales, eagles and
several dozen other species of "wilderness musicians."

Now, you can add heifers to the list.

Saxophonist Winter, a six-time Grammy Award-winner, and his ensemble, the Paul
Winter Consort, will appear in two benefit concerts in September to support the
Strolling of the Heifers Microloan Fund for New England Farmers.

The first concert will be at Brattleboro s Latchis Theatre on Friday, Sept. 11,
at 7:30 p.m., followed by a second concert at the Colonial Theatre in
Pittsfield, Mass., on Sept. 12, at 7:30 p.m.

The Paul Winter shows follow on the heels of last year s successful and sold-out
Pete Seeger concerts, which help seed the Microloan Fund for New England
Farmers.

Last year, in partnership with The Carrot Project, the Strolling of the Heifers
launched the pilot phase of the Microloan Fund, which provides a way for famers
who are unable to access credit elsewhere to obtain loans up to $10,000 to
improve their businesses.

"It s off to a good start," said Martin Langeveld, marketing director of the
Strolling of the Heifers. "Right now, the total pool (of the Microloan Fund) is
$150,000, with this concert, it will grow."

This year, the fund provided the first of its loans, through a pilot program
involving six farms in Vermont and western Massachusetts. Those went out in
March, and another round of loans is expected to go out in October.

The Paul Winter Consort shows are expected, like the Seeger show, to provide a
big boost to the Microloan Fund.

Winter s connection to the Strolling of the Heifers came about through his
longtime musical partner Eugene Friesen, a Grammy Award-winning cellist and
Brattleboro resident, and his Friesen s wife, Wendy.

As a saxophonist, bandleader, composer and explorer of the world s musical
traditions, Winter has long been motivated by his vision of a musical and
ecological community, and has followed a steady course toward his unique "Earth
Music."

His music spans styles from jazz, pop and classical and beyond. Formed by Winter
in 1967, the Paul Winter Consort became one of the earliest exponents of
so-called "world music," drawing on elements from various African, Asian and
South American traditions -- and from various animal species, to which you can
now add heifers.

"I think there s a big audience of people there," said Langeveld, whose own
interest in Winter was kindled by his frequent appearances of Robert J. Lurtsema
s show on Public Radio.

"There s a real fan club around here. I think it s a real treat for the
community to have," said Munzing.

Winter and Friesen will be joined on stage by pianist Paul Sullivan,
percussionist Satoshi Takeishi and vocalist Theresa Thomason, who s a real
up-and-coming talent, Munzing said.

Although his friendship with Friesen and their shared interest in what the
Strolling of the Heifers stands for were the driving forces in getting him here,
Winter did consult one other expert before agreeing to come here.

According to Munzing, Winter spoke to Seeger, and apparently got a thumbs-up
from the 90-year-old icon of American folk music.

At the Latchis, there will be a post-concert reception at which audience members
may meet the artists. Reception tickets are priced at $15 and are available with
any ticket level. Artist CDs as well as Strolling of the Heifers merchandise
will be available at both concerts. The reception will be held on the Latchis
stage, so you can honestly say you shared the stage with a bunch of
world-renowned Grammy-winning performers.

For more information, visit www.strollingoftheheifers.com or
www.thecarrotproject.org.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              July 13, 2009 Monday

Paul Winter Consort to serenade the heifers

BYLINE: Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 620 words


By JON POTTER

BRATTLEBORO -- In his quest to find inspiration in "the greater symphony of the
Earth," music pioneer Paul Winter has recorded with wolves, whales, eagles and
several dozen other species of "wilderness musicians."

Now, you can add heifers to the list.

Saxophonist Winter, a six-time Grammy Award-winner, and his ensemble, the Paul
Winter Consort, will appear in two benefit concerts in September to support the
Strolling of the Heifers Microloan Fund for New England Farmers.

The first concert will be at Brattleboro s Latchis Theatre on Friday, Sept. 11,
at 7:30 p.m., followed by a second concert at the Colonial Theatre in
Pittsfield, Mass., on Sept. 12, at 7:30 p.m.

The Paul Winter shows follow on the heels of last year s successful and sold-out
Pete Seeger concerts, which help seed the Microloan Fund for New England
Farmers.

Last year, in partnership with The Carrot Project, the Strolling of the Heifers
launched the pilot phase of the Microloan Fund, which provides a way for famers
who are unable to access credit elsewhere to obtain loans up to $10,000 to
improve their businesses.

"It s off to a good start," said Martin Langeveld, marketing director of the
Strolling of the Heifers. "Right now, the total pool (of the Microloan Fund) is
$150,000, with this concert, it will grow."

This year, the fund provided the first of its loans, through a pilot program
involving six farms in Vermont and western Massachusetts. Those went out in
March, and another round of loans is expected to go out in October.

The Paul Winter Consort shows are expected, like the Seeger show, to provide a
big boost to the Microloan Fund.

Winter s connection to the Strolling of the Heifers came about through his
longtime musical partner Eugene Friesen, a Grammy Award-winning cellist and
Brattleboro resident, and his Friesen s wife, Wendy.

As a saxophonist, bandleader, composer and explorer of the world s musical
traditions, Winter has long been motivated by his vision of a musical and
ecological community, and has followed a steady course toward his unique "Earth
Music."

His music spans styles from jazz, pop and classical and beyond. Formed by Winter
in 1967, the Paul Winter Consort became one of the earliest exponents of
so-called "world music," drawing on elements from various African, Asian and
South American traditions -- and from various animal species, to which you can
now add heifers.

"I think there s a big audience of people there," said Langeveld, whose own
interest in Winter was kindled by his frequent appearances of Robert J. Lurtsema
s show on Public Radio.

"There s a real fan club around here. I think it s a real treat for the
community to have," said Munzing.

Winter and Friesen will be joined on stage by pianist Paul Sullivan,
percussionist Satoshi Takeishi and vocalist Theresa Thomason, who s a real
up-and-coming talent, Munzing said.

Although his friendship with Friesen and their shared interest in what the
Strolling of the Heifers stands for were the driving forces in getting him here,
Winter did consult one other expert before agreeing to come here.

According to Munzing, Winter spoke to Seeger, and apparently got a thumbs-up
from the 90-year-old icon of American folk music.

At the Latchis, there will be a post-concert reception at which audience members
may meet the artists. Reception tickets are priced at $15 and are available with
any ticket level. Artist CDs as well as Strolling of the Heifers merchandise
will be available at both concerts. The reception will be held on the Latchis
stage, so you can honestly say you shared the stage with a bunch of
world-renowned Grammy-winning performers.

For more information, visit www.strollingoftheheifers.com or
www.thecarrotproject.org.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                            February 1, 2013 Friday

Idaho's small farmers may benefit from new USDA microloans program

BYLINE: Cady McGovern

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 795  words


When Karen Evans and her late husband started their farm 25 years ago,
Rollingstone Chevre, it was a do-it-yourself enterprise.

"It was kind of like inventing the wheel," Evans said. Goat cheese was a nascent
industry in the United States. "We had to self-fund, because venture capital
wasn't available. ... Nobody wanted to invest in goats. "

Goat milking equipment was also hard to find and was European-made, making
service difficult.  Evans and her late husband ended up adapting cow milkers for
the goats' two teats. It took seven years to get the farm fully up and running.

"We actually built the facility ourselves that houses the processing of the
cheese," Evans said. "Had there been money available, it would've been a whole
different scenario. ... It just would've expedited the process.

"Of course, everything's changed now. "

Farmers like Evans have a new option for funding through a USDA microloans
program announced Jan. 15. The low-interest loans of up to $35,000 can cover a
variety of operating and startup costs. The interest rate changes monthly and is
at 1.25 percent now.

"It would be amazingly helpful for various reasons," Evans said. "Diversifying,
when you're small, that's important. "

Seventy percent of Idaho's 25,349 farms are "small family farms," according to
the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Nearly half are 50 acres or smaller.

"Basically we say that any eligible operating loan purpose can be covered," said
Aaron Johnson, farm loan chief for the state of Idaho through the USDA Farm
Service Agency. Johnson said authorized purposes include startup costs, annual
expenses like seed or fertilizer, marketing efforts, living expenses, livestock
or equipment, farm improvements, tools, irrigation improvements, and delivery
vehicles.

Idaho's FSA branch has already issued its first microloan under the new program.
The agency's Preston office finalized the loan Dec. 18 for a cattle operation
based in Bancroft. The loan will be used to purchase livestock, Johnson said.

Evans said she would consider a microloan to help advance one of her dreams at
Rollingstone Chevre: agritourism. The Parma farm, where 100 goats provide milk
to make cheese on site, has a facility that could be updated to accommodate
guests. Evans said she'd like to host dinners in conjunction with local
wineries, and would also add a commercial kitchen to accommodate that need. She
said the maximum loan amount of $35,000 would probably be enough for her to make
those improvements.

"I can't imagine anything where we would want more money than that," said Dan
Meyer, farm manager at Morning Owl Farm in Boise. Meyer said he might consider
the microloan program if he needs to make improvements to the farm in the
future.

"It's definitely a possibility," he said. "For us, it'd be equipment and
infrastructure. "

In the past, Morning Owl Farm has been able to find other avenues to fund
improvements. Meyer said Idaho Fish and Game provided materials for a fence to
keep deer out of the pasture, and a National Resources Conservation Service
grant paid for two hoop houses recently installed at the farm. "If that wasn't
available, I still think we would've tried to get a loan for that," he said.

The farm once had ducks, but stopped raising them because of costs, predatory
loss and other factors. If ducks return, Meyer said, a microloan could help pay
for improvements to cut down on predatory loss.

"We would want to - we were calling it - 'bulletproof' the back pasture," he
said.

Meyer and field manager Jesse DeMoss recently took over Morning Owl Farm from
its founder, Mary Rohlfing, who sits on the farm's board. Because the farm was
already in operation, Meyer said, much of the infrastructure the USDA microloans
program could help pay for was already in place when he and DeMoss took over.

"I'm in a really fortunate position as a young farmer," Meyer said. "For
somebody starting out, those loans do start to look really good. "

"We have a lot of beginning farmers that would like to have a little startup
operation and not go into heavy debt," Johnson said. The loans are aimed toward
that startup demographic, he said.

"I have met several small and beginning farmers, returning veterans and
disadvantaged producers interested in careers in farming who too often must rely
on credit cards or personal loans with high interest rates to finance their
start-up operations," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a news release
about the microloans program. "By further expanding access to credit to those
just starting to put down roots in farming, USDA continues to help grow a new
generation of farmers. "

<a href="http://www.idahobusinessreview.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here
for more from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Patisserie takes ice cream trail, thanks to loan fund

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 336 words


A WHOLESALE dessert and cake-maker has secured a five-figure investment from the
North East Microloan Fund to expand into the ice cream market.

Sweet Art Patisserie, run by David Wrigley and his wife in Marske, produces
handmade bespoke desserts and breads that are supplied to large hotels and
restaurants in the region.

Middlesbrough Football Club and York Racecourse are among the pair's customers
and now they are hoping to expand the business with an ice cream range.

The directors of spotted a demand in the region for high quality ice cream and
decided to buy equipment that would allow them to manufacture in-house.

The recent North East Microloan Fund investment, via fund managers Rivers
Capital Partners, will be used to buy specialist kit as well as expand their
existing product ranges.

Mr Wrigley said: "We didn't want to approach our bank and Rivers Capital were
very interested in getting to know our business. They wanted to help us and find
the right path to grow.

"The process was very straight forward. All you needed was a good business plan
and cash flow forecasts, along with a good idea. The whole experience was like
sailing down a meandering river. The whole process was a pleasure from start to
finish."

The Microloan Fund aims to help grow businesses by removing the traditional
barriers to finance which can hold them back. Businesses from a wide variety of
sectors can apply for a loan anywhere between £1,000 and £25,000, tailored to
their individual business needs.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "In the next three
years with the boost from the Microloan Fund we expect the company to continue
growing from strength to strength, building up a good strong client base.

"The Microloan Fund is a valuable source of funding in the North-east and can
provide affordable credit even if you have been turned down by traditional
lenders. The fund differs from traditional lenders by focusing upon the quality
of business models and not on the assets held by the company."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Wrigley, director at Sweet Art Patisserie

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2015 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                           January 20, 2007 Saturday

Small steps that lead impoverished communities to independence

BYLINE: Nick Britten

SECTION: FEATURES; News Review on Saturday; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 814 words


It takes just 10 paces to walk from one end of the fruit juice processing plant
to the other. But for one small group of Malawian women, those steps represent a
much larger journey; one of hope, discovery and a means to escape poverty.

The Chigwirizano fruit juice co-operative in the Malawi town of Nkhotakota is a
flagship Microventures project run by the MicroLoan Foundation, one of the
charities supported by this year's Telegraph Christmas charity appeal.

Microventures is one step beyond the charity's staple business, which provides
small loans to individuals to start a small trade. The Microventures scheme
deals with larger projects that have the potential to grow into thriving
businesses.

The charity has three ventures so far: fruit juicing, mushroom growing, and a
knitting and sewing group. It is seeking to add more.

When it approached MicroLoan last summer, the Chigwirizano (meaning "the only
way forward'') was in trouble. It had acquired a couple of presses from the
Department of Agriculture but had run out of money.

The 19 women and four men involved had got together determined to make use of
the local mangoes, guava and baobab that often sat rotting on the ground.

MicroLoan provided not only a loan of 50,000 Kwacha (approx pounds 200) but a
six-week business development programme, practical training and help in dealing
with banks, which will make loans when the group outgrows the MicroLoan limits.

Peter Ryan, the chairman and founder of the MicroLoan Foundation (MLF), says:
"One of the problems with just giving money is that businesses are started but
there is no training in how to grow a business or how the machinery works, so
when things break no one can fix them. The whole thing is doomed from the start.

"There's no point in giving if you don't offer support and training alongside
it.

"Microventures moves away from the simple buying and selling philosophy to
something a bit more sophisticated, where people can begin to employ others and
the business grows.''

With the MicroLoan money, the Chigwirizano group have got the operation up and
running. Their whitewashed brick hut - which they built themselves - is split
into four cramped rooms, separated by plastic sheeting hanging over the
doorways. In the first, the fruit is peeled, then moved next door to be pressed.
In the third room the juice is mixed with sugar and preservatives (citric acid
and sodium) and, after being warmed for 30 minutes over an open fire outside in
an attempt at pasteurisation, it is poured into plastic bottles and stored in
room four, to be sold at 70 Kwacha (27p).

Other mangoes are cut into strips and placed on a solar drier to be stored and
rehydrated to make juice outside the growing season, which is from November to
December locally and January to February upstate.

The women work three days a week and because of storage constraints can process
no more than a ton of fruit at a time. At the end of the year the profits are
split evenly between every worker.

They can only sell the fruit locally because of problems with refrigeration -
there isn't any - and the grass thatch roof is in need of repair.

Liviness Nichoma, 35, the group's vice-secretary, said: "We had to do something
because we had so many orphans and aged people in our community to support.

"Initially there were 32 members, but some wanted not to work but to take the
profit, so they left, especially when we said our priority was to use the money
to help the orphans. And through helping the orphans, we are able to help
ourselves. We want a commercial building and a shop in town where we can sell
our drinks. We want a vehicle so we can sell our juices further away. Thanks to
MicroLoan we can dream about doing all these things.''

Lives have also been changed at the knitting and sewing project based at the
nearby MLF field office. Women sit for hours on the floor piecing together
woollen garments, ranging from adult cardigans to their most popular line, baby
clothes. The group rents two sewing machines and owns one.

The Taphunzira co-operative approached the MLF in late 2005 and last February
Microventures employed a local trainer for three months to help the women in
their basic skills.

In July, the charity flew over a British designer to train the women in fashion
designing and the group is now marketing its own products in local towns.

Ida Mgombe, 26, who has three children, is busy making a baby bag to sell at the
local hospital. In recognition of her obvious skills, she was picked to become a
trainer for future members of the group.

"Before they joined, members had just enough money to buy a small box of
tomatoes to sell, which was not enough,'' she says. "So we all started this and
now we have life skills in tailoring. Life is better.''

To make a donation to the charity appeal, which closes on January 31, please
telephone 0870 830 3431 or go to telegraph.co.uk/charity

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Washington: After Lunch Webinar Series: Microloans & Alternative Lending
Opportunities: (Newark)

LENGTH: 423  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 After Lunch Webinar Series: Microloans & Alternative Lending Opportunities:
(Newark)

 Lender Financing/Financing a Business

 Date:



 April 7, 2016 | 2:00 pm EST - 3:30 pm EST

 Address:

 This is an online event

 Organization:

 SBDC

 Small Business Development Center at Rutgers Newark rnsbdc@business.rutgers.edu


 Fee:

 This is a free event.

 Add Event to Calendar



 Registration Required



     Website

     973-353-5950



 Online Event Icon



 This webinar is about expanding lending options for small businesses. Finding
the right sources for capital in the current economic situation had been a
constant challenge, even for the most successful small business. Microloans &
Other Alternative Lending Opportunities is a webinar that will inform business
participants about legitimate, alternative ways to secure funding which include
various types of microloans; community advantage loan; 7A and 504 loans. This
webinar will introduce you to alternative loan products and programs available
to small businesses in New Jersey. This seminar is presented by a Loan
Specialist with hand on experience and expertise on alternative lending to small
business and it's a great opportunity for business participants to ask questions
to ease the pressure of being in an actual lending situation. TOPICS to be
covered: 1. What are alternative Lenders and How do they differ from
conventional Banks? 2. What are the Alternative loan Products and programs in
NJ: Community Advantage Program/7A/504 loan/Microloans 3. Application readiness:
What are the various eligibility requirements and limits? 4.
Credit/Collateral/Character/Capacity criteria in alternative lending situations
5. What is a Micro Loan? Who qualified for a micro-loan? Who can apply and what
you need to apply for a micro-loan 6. What happens if your business needs to
borrow more money? Presenter: Lilibeth Herrera Lilibeth Herrera has been in the
financial services industry over 13 years, working in both the non-profit micro
finance world as well as the traditional banking industry. She received her
undergraduate degree from Fordham University in Business Administration and a
Master's Degree from Mercy College in Human Resources Management. She is
currently a Loan Officer for Regional Business Assistance Corporation (RBAC)
assisting small business owners start and grow their businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: After Lunch Webinar Series: Microloans & Alternative Lending
Opportunities: (Newark)

LENGTH: 423  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 After Lunch Webinar Series: Microloans & Alternative Lending Opportunities:
(Newark)

 Lender Financing/Financing a Business

 Date:



 April 7, 2016 | 2:00 pm EST - 3:30 pm EST

 Address:

 This is an online event

 Organization:

 SBDC

 Small Business Development Center at Rutgers Newark rnsbdc@business.rutgers.edu


 Fee:

 This is a free event.

 Add Event to Calendar



 Registration Required



     Website

     973-353-5950



 Online Event Icon



 This webinar is about expanding lending options for small businesses. Finding
the right sources for capital in the current economic situation had been a
constant challenge, even for the most successful small business. Microloans &
Other Alternative Lending Opportunities is a webinar that will inform business
participants about legitimate, alternative ways to secure funding which include
various types of microloans; community advantage loan; 7A and 504 loans. This
webinar will introduce you to alternative loan products and programs available
to small businesses in New Jersey. This seminar is presented by a Loan
Specialist with hand on experience and expertise on alternative lending to small
business and it's a great opportunity for business participants to ask questions
to ease the pressure of being in an actual lending situation. TOPICS to be
covered: 1. What are alternative Lenders and How do they differ from
conventional Banks? 2. What are the Alternative loan Products and programs in
NJ: Community Advantage Program/7A/504 loan/Microloans 3. Application readiness:
What are the various eligibility requirements and limits? 4.
Credit/Collateral/Character/Capacity criteria in alternative lending situations
5. What is a Micro Loan? Who qualified for a micro-loan? Who can apply and what
you need to apply for a micro-loan 6. What happens if your business needs to
borrow more money? Presenter: Lilibeth Herrera Lilibeth Herrera has been in the
financial services industry over 13 years, working in both the non-profit micro
finance world as well as the traditional banking industry. She received her
undergraduate degree from Fordham University in Business Administration and a
Master's Degree from Mercy College in Human Resources Management. She is
currently a Loan Officer for Regional Business Assistance Corporation (RBAC)
assisting small business owners start and grow their businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 12, 2015 Friday

Small Business Committee Unanimously Passes Moulton Bill to Increase Access to
Capital for Startups and Small Businesses

LENGTH: 333  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Seth Moulton, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Today, the House Committee on Small Business unanimously passed legislation
co-authored by Congressman Seth Moulton (D-MA) to increase access to capital for
startups and small businesses by modernizing the Small Business Administration's
(SBA) Microloan Program. The bill, the Microloan Modernization Act, aims to
increase loans available to small businesses and provide greater flexibility for
borrowers. Moulton co-authored the bipartisan bill with Representative Carlos
Curbelo (R-FL) and Representative Nydia Velasquez (D-NY).

"Small businesses are the backbone of our nation's economy," said Moulton. "Too
often our small business leaders, and especially aspiring entrepreneurs, either
try to self-finance new business ventures on personal credit cards or don't take
the risk at all given the fear of failure. We need to give these business
leaders the tools and resources they need to start new business and grow
existing ones. Expanding access to capital is a critical part of ensuring our
small businesses have the opportunity to thrive."

The Merrimack Valley Small Business Center services loans through the SBA's
Microloan Program for entrepreneurs in Middlesex and Essex Counties.

The Microloan Modernization Act expands access to capital and offers greater
flexibility to borrowers, specifically it:

Creates a waiver for the "25/75 rule," an outdated formula that prevents
microloan intermediaries like the Merrimack Valley Small Business Center from
adequately addressing the needs of each borrower;
    Increases the aggregate loan limit cap to $6 million to better serve small
business borrowers in high-demand areas;
    Extends the repayment period to 10 years for loans greater than $10,000;
    Authorizes the SBA to extend lines of credit for small businesses.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Tea-based Kennel Manufacturer Expanding, Approved for MicroLOAN

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: South Dakota Gov has issued the following news release

   Ruff Tough Kennels, based in Tea, S.D., was recently approved for a MicroLOAN
by the South Dakota Development Corporation (SDDC). Ruff Tough Kennels
manufacturers the most durable dog kennels on the market, and the funds from the
loan were used to purchase a new rotational molding machine. According to Doug
Sangl, co-owner, the new machinery will allow Ruff Tough to double the
production of its kennels.









 "MicroLOAN funds can assist small businesses in South Dakota with working
capital, equipment, real estate and other expenses," said Scott Stern,
Commissioner, Governor's Office of Economic Development (GOED). "GOED and its
partners, such as the SDDC, have a variety of tools that supports economic
growth in our state, and if you contact our office, we will find one that
supports your business."







 "Small businesses are the backbone of our economy so it is crucial for them to
succeed," said Bob Miller, SDDC chairman. "Our MicroLOAN and SBA 504 loan
programs can help facilitate that success and growth. Reasonable, fixed,
long-term interest rates provide flexibility to small business owners, and
that's what helps make doing business in South Dakota so ideal."







 Ruff Tough kennels are unique because they are molded in one piece, which is
why they are so durable, Sangl says.







 "Pet owners love our kennels because they're durable, they're light-weight, and
they keep pets safer when riding in vehicles," Sangl said. "But as our kennels
became more popular, we couldn't keep up with the demand. We quickly grew out of
the building we were in, moved into a larger building down the street and with
the help of the MicroLOAN, we invested in new equipment that will double our
kennel production.







 "We've been in business for more than 15 years, and during that time, we've
learned that starting a business in South Dakota can be made easier when you
have support from your state and local governments. Working with the GOED and
American Bank & Trust made everything so easy and seamless," Sangl added.







 Sangl, along with his partner Lyle Van Kalsbeek, say their company's success
has prompted them to expand their product line. Dumpster lids, transport boxes
for birds and fillet boards to clean fish are a few other examples of what Ruff
Tough produces.







 "Whatever products we decide to get in to, we know they'll be top-of-the-line,
high quality products," Sangl said. "Our new equipment gives us that freedom and
capacity to produce quality, sturdy and dependable products, and that's what our
customers deserve."







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

SBA and City to invest over $750K in Chicago's South Side

LENGTH: 494  words


Washington, D.C.: US Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet was
in Chicago today at Ain't She Sweet Café (526 E. 43rd Street) to announce the
latest federally-approved microlender serving Chicago's South Side--Chicago
Neighborhood Initiative (CNI). In honor of MLK National Day of Service and
commitment to our communities, SBA and the City of Chicago will invest over
$750,000 to significantly expand financial opportunities for local businesses
and to create new jobs on the south side. This funding will quadruple its
existing capacity to finance and counsel small businesses and new startups.

"Chicago has created an outstanding micro lending model that we expect other
municipalities to replicate. I commend CNI's Microfinance Group for joining the
SBA network, allowing them to access the maximum amount of $750,000 in low
interest capital from SBA each year," says Contreras-Sweet. "CNI will play a
vital role in meeting the needs of businesses in predominantly African-American
neighborhoods".

The SBA and the City's financial support will further address the need for small
businesses in underserved communities to gain access to capital and successfully
grow their communities. As a result of the City's commitment to microlending
over the last couple of years, $1.6 million in loans has been distributed to 179
businesses and the program continues to support more small businesses as
repayments are made. In 2014, SBA microlenders issued 3,919 loans totaling more
than $55 million to infuse capital into underserved communities around the
country.

About SBA's Microloan Program

SBA facilitates access to capital, counseling and contracting opportunities to
the nation's 28 million small businesses. SBA's Microloan program provides loans
up to $50,000 to help small businesses and certain not-for-profit childcare
centers start up and expand. The average microloan is about $13,000. SBA
provides funds to specially designated intermediary lenders, which are nonprofit
community-based organizations with experience in lending as well as management
and technical assistance. These intermediaries administer the Microloan program
for eligible borrowers. Microloans can be used for: working capital, inventory
or supplies, furniture or fixtures, and machinery or equipment.

About Chicago Neighborhood Initiative

The Chicago Neighborhood Initiative is a not-for-profit community development
entity dedicated to improve the quality of life for low-to moderate income
communities in Chicago through economic development.  CNI launched in October of
2012, following acceptance into the Chicago Microlending Institute (CMI) a
consortium of micro lenders trained by Accion Chicago to increase small business
lending activity in the City of Chicago.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

South Dakota: Tea-based Kennel Manufacturer Expanding, Approved for MicroLOAN

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The Governor of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Ruff Tough Kennels, based in Tea, S.D., was recently approved for a MicroLOAN
by the South Dakota Development Corporation (SDDC). Ruff Tough Kennels
manufacturers the most durable dog kennels on the market, and the funds from the
loan were used to purchase a new rotational molding machine. According to Doug
Sangl, co-owner, the new machinery will allow Ruff Tough to double the
production of its kennels.









 "MicroLOAN funds can assist small businesses in South Dakota with working
capital, equipment, real estate and other expenses," said Scott Stern,
Commissioner, Governor's Office of Economic Development (GOED). "GOED and its
partners, such as the SDDC, have a variety of tools that supports economic
growth in our state, and if you contact our office, we will find one that
supports your business."







 "Small businesses are the backbone of our economy so it is crucial for them to
succeed," said Bob Miller, SDDC chairman. "Our MicroLOAN and SBA 504 loan
programs can help facilitate that success and growth. Reasonable, fixed,
long-term interest rates provide flexibility to small business owners, and
that's what helps make doing business in South Dakota so ideal."







 Ruff Tough kennels are unique because they are molded in one piece, which is
why they are so durable, Sangl says.







 "Pet owners love our kennels because they're durable, they're light-weight, and
they keep pets safer when riding in vehicles," Sangl said. "But as our kennels
became more popular, we couldn't keep up with the demand. We quickly grew out of
the building we were in, moved into a larger building down the street and with
the help of the MicroLOAN, we invested in new equipment that will double our
kennel production.







 "We've been in business for more than 15 years, and during that time, we've
learned that starting a business in South Dakota can be made easier when you
have support from your state and local governments. Working with the GOED and
American Bank & Trust made everything so easy and seamless," Sangl added.







 Sangl, along with his partner Lyle Van Kalsbeek, say their company's success
has prompted them to expand their product line. Dumpster lids, transport boxes
for birds and fillet boards to clean fish are a few other examples of what Ruff
Tough produces.







 "Whatever products we decide to get in to, we know they'll be top-of-the-line,
high quality products," Sangl said. "Our new equipment gives us that freedom and
capacity to produce quality, sturdy and dependable products, and that's what our
customers deserve."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

South Dakota: Tea-based Kennel Manufacturer Expanding, Approved for MicroLOAN

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The Governor of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Ruff Tough Kennels, based in Tea, S.D., was recently approved for a MicroLOAN
by the South Dakota Development Corporation (SDDC). Ruff Tough Kennels
manufacturers the most durable dog kennels on the market, and the funds from the
loan were used to purchase a new rotational molding machine. According to Doug
Sangl, co-owner, the new machinery will allow Ruff Tough to double the
production of its kennels.









 "MicroLOAN funds can assist small businesses in South Dakota with working
capital, equipment, real estate and other expenses," said Scott Stern,
Commissioner, Governor's Office of Economic Development (GOED). "GOED and its
partners, such as the SDDC, have a variety of tools that supports economic
growth in our state, and if you contact our office, we will find one that
supports your business."







 "Small businesses are the backbone of our economy so it is crucial for them to
succeed," said Bob Miller, SDDC chairman. "Our MicroLOAN and SBA 504 loan
programs can help facilitate that success and growth. Reasonable, fixed,
long-term interest rates provide flexibility to small business owners, and
that's what helps make doing business in South Dakota so ideal."







 Ruff Tough kennels are unique because they are molded in one piece, which is
why they are so durable, Sangl says.







 "Pet owners love our kennels because they're durable, they're light-weight, and
they keep pets safer when riding in vehicles," Sangl said. "But as our kennels
became more popular, we couldn't keep up with the demand. We quickly grew out of
the building we were in, moved into a larger building down the street and with
the help of the MicroLOAN, we invested in new equipment that will double our
kennel production.







 "We've been in business for more than 15 years, and during that time, we've
learned that starting a business in South Dakota can be made easier when you
have support from your state and local governments. Working with the GOED and
American Bank & Trust made everything so easy and seamless," Sangl added.







 Sangl, along with his partner Lyle Van Kalsbeek, say their company's success
has prompted them to expand their product line. Dumpster lids, transport boxes
for birds and fillet boards to clean fish are a few other examples of what Ruff
Tough produces.







 "Whatever products we decide to get in to, we know they'll be top-of-the-line,
high quality products," Sangl said. "Our new equipment gives us that freedom and
capacity to produce quality, sturdy and dependable products, and that's what our
customers deserve."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

South Dakota: Tea-based Kennel Manufacturer Expanding, Approved for MicroLOAN

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The Governor of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Ruff Tough Kennels, based in Tea, S.D., was recently approved for a MicroLOAN
by the South Dakota Development Corporation (SDDC). Ruff Tough Kennels
manufacturers the most durable dog kennels on the market, and the funds from the
loan were used to purchase a new rotational molding machine. According to Doug
Sangl, co-owner, the new machinery will allow Ruff Tough to double the
production of its kennels.









 "MicroLOAN funds can assist small businesses in South Dakota with working
capital, equipment, real estate and other expenses," said Scott Stern,
Commissioner, Governor's Office of Economic Development (GOED). "GOED and its
partners, such as the SDDC, have a variety of tools that supports economic
growth in our state, and if you contact our office, we will find one that
supports your business."







 "Small businesses are the backbone of our economy so it is crucial for them to
succeed," said Bob Miller, SDDC chairman. "Our MicroLOAN and SBA 504 loan
programs can help facilitate that success and growth. Reasonable, fixed,
long-term interest rates provide flexibility to small business owners, and
that's what helps make doing business in South Dakota so ideal."







 Ruff Tough kennels are unique because they are molded in one piece, which is
why they are so durable, Sangl says.







 "Pet owners love our kennels because they're durable, they're light-weight, and
they keep pets safer when riding in vehicles," Sangl said. "But as our kennels
became more popular, we couldn't keep up with the demand. We quickly grew out of
the building we were in, moved into a larger building down the street and with
the help of the MicroLOAN, we invested in new equipment that will double our
kennel production.







 "We've been in business for more than 15 years, and during that time, we've
learned that starting a business in South Dakota can be made easier when you
have support from your state and local governments. Working with the GOED and
American Bank & Trust made everything so easy and seamless," Sangl added.







 Sangl, along with his partner Lyle Van Kalsbeek, say their company's success
has prompted them to expand their product line. Dumpster lids, transport boxes
for birds and fillet boards to clean fish are a few other examples of what Ruff
Tough produces.







 "Whatever products we decide to get in to, we know they'll be top-of-the-line,
high quality products," Sangl said. "Our new equipment gives us that freedom and
capacity to produce quality, sturdy and dependable products, and that's what our
customers deserve."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

South Dakota: Tea-based Kennel Manufacturer Expanding, Approved for MicroLOAN

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The Governor of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Ruff Tough Kennels, based in Tea, S.D., was recently approved for a MicroLOAN
by the South Dakota Development Corporation (SDDC). Ruff Tough Kennels
manufacturers the most durable dog kennels on the market, and the funds from the
loan were used to purchase a new rotational molding machine. According to Doug
Sangl, co-owner, the new machinery will allow Ruff Tough to double the
production of its kennels.









 "MicroLOAN funds can assist small businesses in South Dakota with working
capital, equipment, real estate and other expenses," said Scott Stern,
Commissioner, Governor's Office of Economic Development (GOED). "GOED and its
partners, such as the SDDC, have a variety of tools that supports economic
growth in our state, and if you contact our office, we will find one that
supports your business."







 "Small businesses are the backbone of our economy so it is crucial for them to
succeed," said Bob Miller, SDDC chairman. "Our MicroLOAN and SBA 504 loan
programs can help facilitate that success and growth. Reasonable, fixed,
long-term interest rates provide flexibility to small business owners, and
that's what helps make doing business in South Dakota so ideal."







 Ruff Tough kennels are unique because they are molded in one piece, which is
why they are so durable, Sangl says.







 "Pet owners love our kennels because they're durable, they're light-weight, and
they keep pets safer when riding in vehicles," Sangl said. "But as our kennels
became more popular, we couldn't keep up with the demand. We quickly grew out of
the building we were in, moved into a larger building down the street and with
the help of the MicroLOAN, we invested in new equipment that will double our
kennel production.







 "We've been in business for more than 15 years, and during that time, we've
learned that starting a business in South Dakota can be made easier when you
have support from your state and local governments. Working with the GOED and
American Bank & Trust made everything so easy and seamless," Sangl added.







 Sangl, along with his partner Lyle Van Kalsbeek, say their company's success
has prompted them to expand their product line. Dumpster lids, transport boxes
for birds and fillet boards to clean fish are a few other examples of what Ruff
Tough produces.







 "Whatever products we decide to get in to, we know they'll be top-of-the-line,
high quality products," Sangl said. "Our new equipment gives us that freedom and
capacity to produce quality, sturdy and dependable products, and that's what our
customers deserve."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            November 2, 2012 Friday

Tesco and Grameen Bank to provide microfinance in Scotland

BYLINE: Mark Kingguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 793 words

ABSTRACT

Supermarket's financial services arm and Nobel-winning Bangladehi development
bank will target the most impoverished Scottish regions from 2013

FULL TEXT

Tesco Bank is to team up with microfinance specialist Grameen Bank to offer
microloans to entrepreneurs in the most deprived areas of Scotland.

The supermarket bank said that the Grameen Scotland Foundation (GSF) will
identify prospective entrepreneurs currently locked out of the financial system
who would benefit from microloans - small loans charged at competitive rates of
interest that require no collateral.

The scheme, which is backed by funding from the Scottish government and
entrepreneurs such as the co-founder of Stagecoach, Ann Gloag, will initially
operate in Glasgow, North Ayrshire, West Dunbartonshire and Inverclyde. It will
go live early in 2013.

Grameen Bank was launched in Bangladesh in 1983 by Professor Muhammad Yunus, a
Nobel laureate and the incoming chancellor of Glasgow Caledonian University, who
wanted to help lift rural people out of poverty. The idea rocketed in popularity
across Bangladesh and the concept of microfinance was adopted by other
countries. Yunus soon became known as "the banker to the world's poor".

Although microfinance has been partly discredited by development experts as a
means of supporting entrepreneurship, alleviating poverty and empowering women,
Tesco Bank said it hoped it would help Scotland's struggling businesspeople,
whose success will, in turn, boost the local economy.

Aside from providing £500,000 of the GSF's initial loan capital, Tesco Bank will
provide basic savings accounts to Grameen borrowers as well as services such as
business advice and advertising space in local Tesco stores.

Benny Higgins, chief executive of Tesco Bank, said: "In partnering Grameen in
Scotland, we will provide loan funding, professional guidance from our staff and
access to our stores to help set up new businesses which, over time, can improve
the local economy."

A Tesco Bank spokesman added that, while the firm's involvement is not in a
commercial capacity - "we are part of a social enterprise" ,- he envisaged
borrowers would be charged 19% APR on their microloans.

Yunus, who won the Nobel peace prize in 2006 for the bank's anti-poverty work,
said: "Poor people need to be given the right opportunities to be able to
succeed in their own lives and this is what Grameen helps them to do. We must
encourage people to envision their own futures and, once that is done, find out
how to get there - once a person has a vision, it can be made real."

The GSF will oversee the activities of Grameen bankers, who will work closely
with low-income communities to identify prospective entrepreneurs. Borrowers
will not be required to provide collateral and will instead be asked to provide
evidence of a pattern of saving.

With a target of raising £3m in funding over the next five years, the GSF hopes
to expand the project into other parts of the UK affected by social problems,
with borrowers also becoming stakeholders in the Grameen system and thus able to
hold the chief executive accountable.

Q&A: how do microloans work?

What is a microloan?

A microloan, also referred to as microcredit, is the loan of a small sum to an
impoverished borrower, or someone who is unable to obtain a loan through
mainstream routes.

Who is eligible for a loan of this type?

Grameen Bank specialises in group lending and payment plans with long lending
terms when offering credit to the poor.

How do they work?

Instead of requiring borrowers to provide collateral for a loan, borrowers are
instead asked to provide evidence a pattern of saving and are encouraged to
focus on family health and education. Traditionally, groups of five people -
predominantly female in Bangladesh and developing countries - are formed which
then go through a short financial training course. Each borrower gets a loan to
start or expand a small business. They then receive further financial advice,
training and support as repayments are made.

After full repayment, borrowers can apply for another loan so their businesses
can continue to grow. The loans are typically used to finance social businesses,
such as lunch clubs, laundries and cafes, depending on the wishes of the
borrowers.

Isn't it dangerous to offer loans to people with no collateral?

Grameen bank claims a loan recovery rate of 96.8%.

How much money will Grameen be making out of the venture?

Grameen has no shareholders and is effectively "owned" by its borrowers. As a
social business, all funds remain within the business, generating resources for
new loans while covering costs.

Is Scotland the first "developed" economy to try Grameen's methods?

No. Grameen America launched in 2008 in New York and repayment rates are above
99%.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Coffeedrinkerscan helpHonduran farmers

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 721 words


You could say this story started more than three years ago.

After dinner one evening at Quigley's Irish Pub, Ashley, our daughter, and I
sipped Irish coffee for dessert. That's when we learned the nonsecret part of
the secret recipe called for in the Black and Tan Blend by Uncommon Grounds
Coffee Roasters in Saugatuck, Mich.

One thing led to another and Nancy Quigley suggested a day trip to Saugatuck to
meet her brother, Guy Darienzo, who owns Uncommon Grounds Coffee Roasters. Guy
roasts a variety of special blends for roughly 15 other independently owned
restaurants from here to his own coffee shop.

That spring we visited Saugatuck. The harbor village along the Kalamazoo River
is a peaceful, picturesque place with art galleries and boutiques; a boardwalk
to dockside shops, most of which were not yet open for the season; and towering
sand dunes in the distance, a short ride over a bridge, that welcomed our
climbing. Guy's coffee shop is quaint and was most inviting, too.

During lunch, we learned how Guy works with the local community and local
farmers, as well as coffee farmers around the world, for all aspects of his
20-year-old business.

One of the partnership coffee farmers Guy has nurtured is located in La Unión,
Honduras. For the past two years, Guy, Nancy and a team from Uncommon Grounds
have traveled to the impoverished region with a dual purpose.

Nancy explained that Guy can purchase the best coffee beans available for
roasting while helping to improve living conditions of the farmers in one of the
poorest countries in Central America. Many villages there lack running water and
some still are without electricity, she said.

After her two visits, Nancy returned to Naperville determined to organize future
work-trips to Honduras. She's hopeful other groups will want to learn about the
production of the coffee, the daily struggles in the communities, and the
dedicated individuals enlisted in the innovative microloan program called Union
Micro Finanza.

The first week in April, Nancy, who also is the president of the Rotary Club of
Naperville/Downtown, arranged for Morgan Fett to present a program about Union
Micro Finanza.

A graduate of the University of Michigan who speaks fluent Spanish, Morgan, 24,
is UMF's accounts and outreach manager. Though she mostly works in the U.S., she
also spends time in Honduras, where she met Nancy this past February.

During her enlightening and engaging presentation, Morgan explained the program
of microloans, the brainchild of Andrew Boyd, who established the business in
late 2009. Microloans are reinforced by technical training to help farmers
improve their fields.

She emphasized how the program permits farmers to maintain their independence.
Microloan recipients are free to sell their coffee to other coffee buyers at
will.

Morgan also noted that they purchase coffee for higher-than-fair trade premiums
to make sure the producers earn what they deserve.

She, too, encouraged group visits to Honduras for others to get involved, to
pick coffee alongside local farmers in the mountainous villages and to see
firsthand how the microloan program is helping families gain self-sufficiency.

As the consumer comes closer to the farmer in the supply chain, Morgan
explained, "less money is diverted to intermediaries, allowing us to reinvest
more into the La Unión communities with microloans."

Special coffee

From 7 to 10:30 p.m. Saturday, April 21, Naperville CARES will sponsor its ninth
annual Cuisine for a Cause in the Atrium at Tellabs Global Headquarters, 1415 W.
Diehl Road. Tickets are $90.

Naperville CARES, a volunteer-driven, nonprofit organization, "provides
short-term financial support and resources to meet the basic needs of local
families in crisis."

Quigley's Irish Pub again will be among 25 featured restaurants serving samples
of their signature dishes.

Nancy plans to mix up Quigley's Irish coffee recipe with the Black and Tan
roast, blended with coffee beans grown in Honduras for Uncommon Grounds.

More than simply sampling a satisfying Irish coffee, perhaps attendees will
savor the notion that a taste of Quigley's rich, dark Irish coffee most
effectively supports the unmet needs of folks in Honduras. And, at Cuisine for a
Cause, Naperville CARES will benefit, too.

* Stephanie Penick writes about Naperville. Email her at spennydh@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                             July 25, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Sports wholesaler lands funding for expansion;
SMALL BUSINESS

BYLINE: TOM KEIGHLEY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 73

LENGTH: 321 words


ASPORTS equipment wholesaler based out of railway arches in Newcastle city
centre has secured £20,000 funding. GAC Sports, which specialises in mixed
martial arts and combat sports, is the counterpart to online retailer Fightstore
Pro.

The business is based out of a railway arch on Newcastle's Forth Street and
supplies clothing, protective gear and nutritional supplements to gyms and
fitness companies.

Now a loan of £20,000 from the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund
will be used to increase stock.

Director Alex Wright - a former mixed martial arts fighter - launched GAC Sports
in late 2014 after splitting up his original business Fightstore Pro into
wholesale and retail divisions as part of a revamped business strategy.

Mr Wright was referred to Microloan Fund managers Rivers Capital Partners by his
bank, who had been unable to provide finance.

He said: "There are thousands of businesses like me who are unable to get
mainstream funding to expand."

Following the loan, GAC is now focused on building its customer base and aims to
sell American sports brands into the European market.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers, said: "Alex is immensely experienced, and
as an ex-MMA fighter he knows the industry inside out.

"The cash investment from the Microloan Fund will help him achieve his vision of
becoming the go-to wholesaler for sports retailers within a matter of years."

The North East Microloan Fund provides loans of £1,000-£25,000 to start-up and
established businesses in the North East.

The fund is part of the £125m Finance for Business North East Growth Fund and is
aimed at businesses that have struggled to secure mainstream finance and can
provide affordable credit for those with a poor credit history.

Decisions to provide loans are not based on the company assets but the overall
quality of the business.

The cash investment from the Microloan Fund will help him achieve his
visionNikita Bazko

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: James Holloway, <Binvestment executive trainee at Rivers Capital
Partners, Alex Wright, director at GAC Sports and Nikita Bazko, fund manager at
Rivers Capital Partners

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                                  May 13, 2004

A thousand thanks to Microloan charity

LENGTH: 303 words


Four Chiswick residents returned from Malawi this week cheered by the news that
their charity the Microloan Foundation had just made its one thousandth loan to
a desperately poor family there.

Peter Ryan Managing Trustee of the charity was accompanied by Rev. Michael Riley
Vicar of St Paul's church in Grove Park Beryl Kessel and Lynette Royle during
the ten-day trip. The group met many of the beneficiaries of the charity to
discuss the ways in which Microloans often as little as £15 - had improved their
lives.

Lynette Royle told the Times: "It was a very humbling experience to see how
these people live without any of the comforts that we take for granted in
Chiswick. Kids dressed in rags we wouldn't let our animals sleep on play with
footballs made from bags tied up with string and an empty plastic water bottle
is a highly prized toy.

"A majority of the families we met look after children orphaned by AIDS as well
as their own dependants with no prospect whatsoever of employment. Their loans
allow them to buy goods to trade at market or materials to start up small
businesses like knitting and dressmaking. After three or four loans they are
usually sufficiently profitable for them to send their kids to school about £5 a
term - and apply for further finance from the bank."

The visitors also met village chiefs and elders who expressed their heartfelt
thanks to the people of west London for the support they receive. One told the
group: "When I first heard that wazungus (white people) were to visit my village
I was very nervous. What I would like to say now is this: you have made a real
difference to one group of my people. But I have nine more groups who also need
your support. I beg you to stay." For more information see the website
www.microloanfoundation.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday
                              Worcester TG Edition

6 banks fund SMOC project: little loans for small businesses

BYLINE: Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: NEWS; 10

LENGTH: 495 words



HIGHLIGHT: SMOC sets up fund to give microloans to minorities, women, vets and
immigrants By Aaron Nicodemus 10 in.


WORCESTER -- The South Middlesex Opportunity Council, a social services agency
that specializes in providing services to the homeless and drug-addicted,
introduced a new financial services division Wednesday.

The division, SMOC Financial Services, is funded by $1 million from six local
banks. It was created to issue microloans to groups of people who might not
normally qualify for traditional bank loans, such as minorities, women, veterans
and immigrants. The new division will be housed in the MLK Opportunity Center on
Chandler Street, which SMOC bought in 2012.

"We're hoping that this new fund will create new economic opportunities, so
folks can create new jobs, create new economic vitality to Chandler Street and
other parts of the city," said Charles Gagnon, SMOC's chief operating officer.
"This will be a key driver in neighborhood revitalization in Worcester and
beyond."

The new fund, while it will operate in Worcester, is meant to provide microloans
in southern Worcester County and in Middlesex County, both areas which SMOC
serves and from where banks supported the new fund. Worcester-based Commerce
Bank, Southbridge Savings Bank and Country Bank in Ware all contributed to the
fund, as did MetroWest-based banks Middlesex Savings Bank, Mutual One Bank and
Needham Bank.

Brian W. Thompson, president and chief executive officer of Commerce Bank, said
the fund will meet a "big unmet need" in the community.

"We see that there's a big demand for people who need that microloan, and there
isn't a comfortable place for them to go," he said. "The fact that this program
involves counseling, as well, is key, because so many businesses fail because
they don't have a good plan."

Mr. Thompson said Commerce, which placed $250,000 in the fund, will have a
representative on the loan committee that approves the loans.

"The approval process will be different. A lot of it will be based on (the
applicant's) character, and desire. ... It will be a different standard than if
(the bankers) were back sitting behind their own desks," he said.

SMOC executive director James T. Cuddy said that SMOC encounters dozens of
possible businesses every day that could benefit from microloans, citing day
care and weatherization businesses specifically.

The loans can be as small as $1,000, and as large as $25,000 for a more
established business. All loans will be accompanied with extensive and
long-lasting technical support, he said, and SMOC will track the progress of
each loan with specialized software. Overseeing the fund will be loan fund
manager Deidra MacLeod-Richardson, who most recently worked for a similar
microloan fund in Boston's Dorchester neighborhood.

"It's uplifting, in a spiritual sense, that you have six banks paying in $1
million to a fund whose ultimate goal is the growth of small businesses," said
Richard A. Shiels Jr., a partner in the Worcester law firm Bowditch & Dewey.
"It's great on the business end, and it's great on the social welfare end."

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 17, 2012 Saturday

Don't blame microcredit - blame its distortion

BYLINE: DOUG SAUNDERS

SECTION: COMMENT COLUMN; DEVELOPMENT; Pg. F9

LENGTH: 723 words

DATELINE: LONDON


dsaunders@globeandmail.com

The idea of high-interest loans to people who earn a dollar a day has been
controversial from the beginning. But it proved to be a very profitable
industry, so people stopped asking questions.

Suddenly, they've started asking questions again. One person they asked was the
young daughter of Dhake Lakshmi Rajyam, a woman in a poor corner of Andhra
Pradesh, India, who had borrowed $2,400 from a group of microloan companies,
notably SKS Microfinance Limited, the country's oldest and largest microlender.

"We have lost my mother," the daughter told an interviewer. "Nobody will support
us." She had become overwhelmed with debt - which shouldn't happen in
microcredit, where money is borrowed by a pool of people who help one another
with repayments.

But something appears to have gone terribly wrong when SKS had decided to become
more profitable in advance of taking the company public and selling its loans as
packages of securities.

At the company's urging, its loan agents, according to an Associated Press
investigation, "urged other borrowers to seize the family's chairs, utensils and
wardrobe and pawn them to make loan payments ... Unable to bear the insults and
pressure of the crowd of borrowers who sat outside of her home for hours to
shame her, Rajyam drank pesticide and died." It was one of many such cases. SKS
continues to deny all responsibility for the deaths.

Is this the end of the microcredit dream? Should we stop putting the very poor
into debt, and use charity instead?

To understand, I asked the man who invented microcredit, Muhammad Yunus. His
Grameen Bank, founded in Bangladesh in the 1970s, was the mother of all
microloan outfits. It invented the key principles: Lend to the very poorest,
lend to groups, lend only to women.

"When we created microfinance, we had no intention of making money," he told me.
"It is a business, because it has to be - meaning that it covers its costs, it
makes a profit. But profit for the company, not for yourself."

Microloans work when very poor people are trying to get out of their situation -
usually, studies show, in order to enter a proper labour market. The loan
provides the means to improve one's life, and its repayment the incentive. "If
you want to encourage people to earn, encourage people to change their culture,"
Mr. Yunus says, "you have to make the roadway for them to do that - remove the
barrier."

But tiny loans must necessarily have very high interest rates (Grameen's, among
the lowest, are 20 per cent a year) just to cover their basic cost. And
microloans have to be a profit-making business: If they aren't, the pool of
capital will disappear fast.

"The reason this works better than charity is because charity is dependent on an
external infusion of money, and the moment that infusion stops, the whole thing
stops," he says. But "if you design it as a business, it continues, it never
stops, because it has its own steam."

A high-interest, profit-making loan to the poor sounds a lot like Money Mart.
The difference is all in how you organize payments, collateral and penalties.
(The latter two are basically non-existent in traditional microloans.)

"Once we became respected, some people started using the same methodology to
make money for themselves - departing from a social business to a profit-making
business, and that's where all the problems were created," Mr. Yunus says.
"That's not microcredit, that's an aberration of microcredit, it's a distortion
of microcredit. If you accept that as microcredit, you have to accept all the
loan sharks calling themselves microcredit as well."

At the very moment our banks were falling victim to dreadful lending practices,
some of the banks of the very poor were adopting those very practices, including
the securitization of loans. This was not a discredit to their system, but to
ours.

It should have gone the other way around. Western banks ought to have been
required to adopt the practices of Grameen Bank: ownership by
borrower-depositors, profits used to capitalize the business, lending strictly
limited by ability to repay.

As it happens, he has recently set up Grameen lending institutions for poor
people in Glasgow and, appropriately enough, New York. As big lenders stagger in
shame, we can look to a day when all loans are microloans.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            July 20, 2011 Wednesday

Businesses Helped To Tune Of £785,000

BYLINE: Chris Knox

SECTION: A; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 501 words


AFUND designed to support the region's entrepreneurs and small businesses to
grow at a time when traditional finance is hard to come by has lent £785,000 to
70 businesses in just six weeks.

The Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund was launched in May with the
aim of offering loans of between £1,000 and £25,000.

The fund,  the seventh fund to spring out of the £125m Finance for Business
North East Programme, has already received 139 applications, out of which it has
provided funding for 70 small to medium-sized ventures.

It is hoped that the fund, which is being managed by Newcastle-based business
development company Entrust, will be able to provide support to around 700
start-ups or small businesses up to December 2014, safeguarding or creating more
than 1,100 jobs in the process.

The loans are designed to be paid back over three years and could help firms
graduate on to support offered by other, larger funds in the Finance for
Business North East Programme portfolio.

Entrust fund manager Peter Gilson said: "We are very pleased with the demand for
the Microloan fund since it opened two months ago with some 139 applications and
70 loans agreed, demonstrating a high level of interest from local North East
SMEs and people looking to start or expand their businesses in the current
climate."

Simon Hanson, North East policy manager, Federation of Small Businesses, said:
"The Microloan fund in many ways represents the perfect product at the perfect
time.

"A huge number of small businesses have been denied funding from the banks
because of the current economic situation. We will continue to direct our
members towards the Microloan fund."

Matthew Warrander from Newbiggin is among the first to receive funding from the
Microloan facility, having secured £4,000 to launch his mobile valet and
high-pressure washing service.

Warrander was able to land the funding after working with Northumberland
Business Service enterprise coach Alan Grieves, whose advice and guidance helped
him acquire the skills needed, as well as draw up a solid business plan. The
20-year-old was awarded the enterprise loan through regional business support
organisation Entrust, after putting his business proposal through their
selection process.

Warrander, who has already secured regular contracts with local car dealers,
said: "It was very straightforward.

"The advisers at Entrust were really helpful and it only took two meetings with
them to get everything in order for the loan application.

"I am delighted to be able to become economically active once again, having been
long-term unemployed with a young family to support."

Finance for Business North East is a £125m publicly-backed venture capital fund
created by regional development agency One North East, which aims to support up
to 850 small and medium- sized companies in North East England over the next
four years, with the aim of creating more than 5,000 jobs.

The Microloan fund in many ways represents the perfect product at the perfect
time

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Microfinance Focus

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

UNDP Microloans Lift Bolivian Women from Poverty

LENGTH: 291 words

DATELINE: India


India, Aug. 7 -- The United Nation's Semilla (or Seed) program has announced
favorable results for its goals of empowering indigenous Bolivian women. The
United Nation's Development Program (UNDP) website reports that the $9 million
program has delivered microloans to over 4,600 indigenous women in Bolivia while
also assisting in skills-development training.

Through these microloans, women have reported a raise in income ranging from 53
percent to 263 percent. One third of adult women in rural Bolivia have no formal
education and wages vary disproportionately by gender.

From the microloans distributed, many women have managed to open their own small
shops producing various goods such as jewelry, leather, food or livestock. In
addition, the Semilla program has provided management training and support to
2,736 women to cover business basics such as accounting for expenses and
revenues.

Over 6,903 women received technical assistance to enhance their production
capabilities. The program has also assisted over 12,000 women in obtaining their
birth certificates and identification cards, documents that are essential to
access bank loans and the right to vote.

The Semilla project was a four-year (2009-2012) program managed by the UNDP with
training and legal support by the United Nations Industrial Development
Organization (UNIDO), The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United States
(FAO) and UN Women. Financial support was provided by the Spanish Government,
through the MDG Fund, and also by the Bolivian Ministry of Justice.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Microfinance Focus. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                     Copyright 2013 Ekayana Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             April 15, 2012 Sunday

AN OPTION FOR BORROWERS

BYLINE: LEE LOGAN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 403 words



HIGHLIGHT: For some qualifying businesses, closing shop could be averted by a
Pasco microloan.


A Trinity pediatrician whose idea of a "concierge" practice faltered in a down
economy is the first recipient of a microloan program for small businesses from
the Pasco Economic Development Council.

Jay Harvey, who runs Personal Pediatric Care, originally wanted to offer a
membership-based practice that would allow people to pay a yearly fee to receive
more personalized care. But he closed the practice last June after only a few
months because not enough families were willing to pay the higher fees.

"The whole membership thing blew up in my face a little bit," he said.
"Essentially I dug myself a hole."

He went to several banks looking for a bridge loan to help pay bills while he
rebuilds a traditional practice. He was rejected each time because of a high
debt load and tightened lending standards.

His last rejection came from a loan officer who said, "You can go to 10 more
banks, and none of them are going to lend you more money."

That banker put him in touch with Hap Fairman, a counselor for the
Pasco-Hernando SCOREnonprofit organization that gives advice to small
businesses. Fairman mentioned the new microloan program and said Harvey might be
an ideal candidate. The program is tailored to small companies that struggle to
get traditional bank loans.

The program has $220,000 in startup money, including a $100,000 grant from Pasco
County. Other donors include banks, Saint Leo University and Tim Tangredi, CEO
of Odessa nanotechnology firm Dais Analytic.

The maximum loan is $35,000, with terms ranging from 12 months to six years.
Interest rates range from prime plus 1.75 percent to prime plus 3 percent.

Harvey declined to say how much money he received, but said "it's not a huge
loan."

"My primary issue was just cash flow," he said, adding his company has three
employees and about 900 patients right now. "I'm using it to basically keep the
doors open and keep paying the vendors."

The microloan program also offers owners advice and training on how to start or
grow a new company. Loans can be used for working capital, inventory and
equipment, but cannot be used to buy real estate or refinance existing debt.

Lee Logan can be reached at llogan@tampabay.com or (727) 869-6236.

* * *

FAST FACTS

For loan requests - and donations

The Economic Development Council is looking for companies that want to apply for
a loan, as well as businesses that would like to donate to the microloan fund.
Call (813) 926-0827.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: "My primary issue was just cash flow," said pediatrician Jay
Harvey of Trinity. He got a microloan.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           December 22, 2011 Thursday

Software Firm Benefits As Fund Hits Milestone

BYLINE: Iain Laing

SECTION: A; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 564 words


AGROWING software  firm has become the 100th company to receive backing from the
North East's Microloan Fund as it rolls out a new fund  management application.

Newcastle-based Pebble has received an investment of £25,000 from the fund,
which is part of the Finance for Business North East portfolio and managed by
Entrust, as it begins  deploying its new Fund Manager  accounting software for
schools,  charities and clubs.

The cloud-based system integrates with online payments providers and helps
manage receipts and payments to produce financial reports.

It includes an account register function that can be used for recording school
dinners via an app on a hand-held tablet.

Pebble's new software  encourages data integration and sharing with other
applications. After five months in development, Pebble is now beta testing the
product before its launch in January when pilots will run with six local
authorities, covering 40 schools.

The company has created two jobs to support the roll out and will add a further
three to its team before the end of the year on the back of the  investment.

Janis Green, CEO of Pebble, said: "The new fund manager has been designed
alongside schools and local authorities specifically to meet the needs of the
market.

"We've built on our existing locally hosted software to create a cloud-based
solution that's intuitive to use so that financial managers and administrators
can easily record and report transactions.

"It's easier to integrate with other systems because it is cloud-based and so is
ideal for monitoring things such as school dinner money. It's also very
cost-effective and we're confident it will be a market leader."

Set up in 2005, the company has grown from having two employees to 16. Its
existing School Fund Manager application manages over £25m annually, tracking
money collected from students at 2,000 schools.

Managing director Ryan Green said: "Fund manager is scalable and preliminary
discussions have taken place about distributing the product in  the US.

"The Microloan Fund investment has come at a great time   it will help to
support the roll out and create jobs.

"We've always grown organically as a company and are looking to move to new
premises next month to support our growth."

The Microloan Fund is the seventh addition to the Finance for Business North
East Funds overseen by North East Finance. It was launched this summer to assist
micro and small businesses and has provided an important lifeline for many
seeking finance.

Peter Gilson, fund manager at  Entrust, said: "The Microloan fund has been able
to support many sustainable businesses with strong growth potential that are
either creating or safeguarding jobs. Pebble is a very good example of this.

"The fund has proved very popular so far with demand far exceeding expectations.
The quality of the applications has been strong too, with many existing
businesses applying, alongside start-ups, which is why we've managed to reach
the 100 milestone so quickly. We also have a further 50 or 60 deals in the
pipeline."

Andrew Mitchell, from North East Finance, said: "The Microloan Fund has made a
real impact in a short time and is a fantastic addition to the Finance for
Business North East Funds.

"The Microloan Fund is providing ambitious companies  with opportunities to
grow."

We've built on our existing locally hosted software to create a cloud-based
solution

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

McGovern, Tsongas Join Business and Community Leaders to Announce North Central
Mass. Chamber of Commerce as Microlender for Local Small Businesses

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Jim MC Govern, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Today, Congressman Jim McGovern (MA-02) and Congresswoman Niki Tsongas (MA-03)
joined business and community leaders at the North Central Massachusetts Chamber
of Commerce (NCM) in Fitchburg to announce that the NCM's Development
Corporation has been designated by the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA)
as a Microlender for local small businesses. The SBA presented the NCM's
Development Corporation with a check of $500,000 for the microloan program.

"Supporting our small businesses is key to helping our community succeed. I'm
proud to join Congresswoman Tsongas and all of our local leaders to celebrate
this new opportunity for the North Central Massachusetts Chamber of Commerce and
our local businesses," Congressman McGovern said. "Thanks to this partnership
between the Small Business Administration and the Chamber, these microloans will
help our entrepreneurs and small business owners who were previously unable to
get a loan. They will now be able to get a loan of up to $50,000 and this will
open the door to new opportunities for our community, create new jobs, and keep
our economy strong and growing. I am grateful to the SBA for their leadership
and for being a strong partner in supporting all of our small businesses here in
Massachusetts."

The North Central Massachusetts Chamber of Commerce's Development Corporation
will now be able to issue loans of up to $50,000 (microloans) to small
businesses who were previously unable secure funding through traditional
lenders. The microloans come with technical assistance to help ensure small
businesses succeed and reduce the risk of default.

The SBA Microloan program provides direct loans or grants to eligible non-profit
microlenders so that they may provide micro-level loans, business training and
technical assistance to start-up, newly established and growing small
businesses.

Joining McGovern and Tsongas at today's event were Roy Nascimento, President of
North Central MA Chamber of Commerce; Seth Goodall, New England Regional
Administrator, Small Business Administration; Robert Nelson, Massachusetts
Director, Small Business Administration; State Representative Stephen DiNatale;
Fitchburg Mayor Lisa Wong; Leominster Mayor Dean Mazzarella; Ray Martino,
President, Simonds International; Chairman, North Central Massachusetts
Development Corporation Board of Directors, and other community leaders.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 4, 2011 Friday

Microloan program provides more seed money to help Fayetteville entrepreneurs

BYLINE: Michael Futch, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 554 words


Nov. 04--Three years ago, Mariza Teagle launched her Panamanian-American cuisine
catering business in Fayetteville.

When she decided to expand Mi Pana about 18 months ago, Teagle sought additional
financial assistance from the organization that helped her get her
entrepreneurial start in Fayetteville. She received a $10,000 microloan from the
Center for Economic Empowerment and Development.

"I just felt comfortable with their program," she said. "They're my first source
of help with my business."

Thanks to a newly approved grant, the center should be able to provide even more
help for small businesses like Teagle's Mi Pana.

Currently, the loan amounts max out at $10,000. But through a $225,000
allocation to the microloan program from a Golden Leaf Foundation grant that was
approved Oct. 6, plans call for an increase in potential loans to $20,000,
according to the center's Menna Ahuja.

The remaining $25,000 of the grant is earmarked for staff salary, Ahuja said.

"The money," she added, "will most likely come in January."

The program assists women, low-income individuals, minority entrepreneurs and
other small businesses in need of financial help. Over the past three years, 12
loans, totaling $99,000, have been doled out with two already paid back, Ahuja
said.

These loans have been approved for, among others, a florist, a candlemaker, two
publishing businesses and a kitchen countertop company.

"We have a regional outreach," Ahuja said. "We get clients from the surrounding
counties, as well. As long as they're in North Carolina."

The center started the program in 2008 with a $35,000 grant from the Z. Smith
Reynolds Foundation. That figure has since grown to $106,500 through private
donations and other private foundations, Ahuja said.

"This program is mainly set up to help the undersized and less-qualified
borrowers," she said, "if they're unable to get startup cash from traditional
(sources) because they have no collateral or maybe their credit score is less
than stellar. They can come and have an opportunity to start a business."

Eligible borrowers must be U.S. citizens, must have a business plan and should
have gone through at least six basic entrepreneurship training workshops with
CEED or a community college. They should have compiled a history of good bill
payment over two years.

Teagle said the response to her catering business has been "awesome."

Customers with a craving for food with roots in the southern hemisphere can
order such exotic fare as Panamanian-style tortillas, fry bread, empanadas and
carimanola.

In June, Mi Pana moved from Marketfair Mall to a new location at the corner of
Cliffdale and Rim roads. Teagle plans to one day move her mobile food operation
even closer to Fort Bragg, and the soldiers and families who anchor Mi Pana's
expanding clientele.

With the CEED microloan, said Teagle, a native Panamanian, "there's definitely
been an increase in inventory, the quality of products we now offer and the
hiring of extra staff. It was crucial. I needed to run more efficiently. I
couldn't have done it without that help."

Staff writer Michael Futch can be reached at futchm@fayobserver.com or 486-3529.

___ (c)2011 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111104-FY-Microloan
-program-provides-more-seed-money-to-help-Fayetteville-entrepreneurs-1104-201111
04

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           August 17, 2011 Wednesday

City of Boulder, FirstBank bolster microloan fund

BYLINE: Alicia Wallace Camera Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 444 words


The city of Boulder has provided a $100,000 grant to supplement a 2-year-old
microloan fund for Boulder-based small businesses, officials announced
Wednesday.

The grant was contributed as part of a second round of loan capital raised for
the Boulder Microloan Fund, which was established in 2009 with a balance of
$325,000 as a means of helping smaller firms obtain funds to further their
operations. The latest round -- with contributions from Boulder, FirstBank and
fund manager the Colorado Enterprise Fund -- brings the balance to $575,000.





 Credit still remains hard to come by for some businesses, especially those in
the fund's targeted tier of under $2 million in annual revenue, said Ceyl
Prinster, president and chief executive officer of the Colorado Enterprise Fund.




 "These businesses can't get access to capital at all ... the problem is they
don't qualify for whatever reason or the banks aren't lending," she said.



 The fund provides loans of up to $50,000 to businesses and nonprofits with less
than $2 million in annual gross revenues. The loans' interest rates range from
9.5 percent to 12 percent with terms ranging from six months up to more than
five years, Prinster said.



 Since the fund was established, $600,000 was loaned to 19 Boulder businesses
that included firms such as Boulder Ice Cream, Cafc Aion and University Parent.
Two businesses -- Boulder Ice Cream and Anco Engineers -- received two loans. No
charge-offs have occurred, Prinster said, adding that any delinquencies have
been "very brief or minimal."



 Increasing the fund's balance should not only allow for even more businesses to
get loans, but also put the fund one step closer to becoming self-sustaining,
she said.



 The city of Boulder's secondary contribution to the fund was made because the
microloans have proven to be an effective business development and retention
tool, said Liz Hanson, the city's economic vitality coordinator.



 Including the latest grant, Boulder has provided $150,000 of its economic
vitality funds to the Boulder Microloan Fund, and City Manager Jane Brautigam
has proposed another $50,000 grant in her recommended 2012 budget, Hanson said.



 "I think it shows that if you can do economic vitality in a nimble way -- in a
creative way -- then you can try something, stop what's not working (and) try
something new," Hanson said. "And I think this is a great example that we found
something that's working."



 Officials are directing inquiries about the loans to Lewis Hagler, of the
Colorado Enterprise Fund, at 720-473-4055 or lewis@coloradoenterprisefund.com



 Contact Camera Business Writer Alicia Wallace at 303-473-1332 or
wallacea@dailycamera.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 4, 2011 Friday

Microloan program provides more seed money to help local entrepreneurs

BYLINE: Michael Futch, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


Nov. 04--Three years ago, Mariza Teagle launched her Panamanian-American cuisine
catering business in Fayetteville.

When she decided to expand Mi Pana about 18 months ago, Teagle sought additional
financial assistance from the organization that helped her get her
entrepreneurial start in Fayetteville. She received a $10,000 microloan from the
Center for Economic Empowerment and Development.

"I just felt comfortable with their program," she said. "They're my first source
of help with my business."

Thanks to a newly approved grant, the center should be able to provide even more
help for small businesses like Teagle's Mi Pana.

Currently, the loan amounts max out at $10,000. But through a $225,000
allocation to the microloan program from a Golden Leaf Foundation grant that was
approved Oct. 6, plans call for an increase in potential loans to $20,000,
according to the center's Menna Ahuja.

The remaining $25,000 of the grant is earmarked for staff salary, Ahuja said.

"The money," she added, "will most likely come in January."

The program assists women, low-income individuals, minority entrepreneurs and
other small businesses in need of financial help. Over the past three years, 12
loans, totaling $99,000, have been doled out with two already paid back, Ahuja
said.

These loans have been approved for, among others, a florist, a candlemaker, two
publishing businesses and a kitchen countertop company.

"We have a regional outreach," Ahuja said. "We get clients from the surrounding
counties, as well. As long as they're in North Carolina."

The center started the program in 2008 with a $35,000 grant from the Z. Smith
Reynolds Foundation. That figure has since grown to $106,500 through private
donations and other private foundations, Ahuja said.

"This program is mainly set up to help the undersized and less-qualified
borrowers," she said, "if they're unable to get startup cash from traditional
(sources) because they have no collateral or maybe their credit score is less
than stellar. They can come and have an opportunity to start a business."

Eligible borrowers must be U.S. citizens, must have a business plan and should
have gone through at least six basic entrepreneurship training workshops with
CEED or a community college. They should have compiled a history of good bill
payment over two years.

Teagle said the response to her catering business has been "awesome."

Customers with a craving for food with roots in the southern hemisphere can
order such exotic fare as Panamanian-style tortillas, fry bread, empanadas and
carimanola.

In June, Mi Pana moved from Marketfair Mall to a new location on Patrick Drive.
Teagle plans to one day move her mobile food operation even closer to Fort
Bragg, and the soldiers and families who anchor Mi Pana's expanding clientele.

With the CEED microloan, said Teagle, a native Panamanian, "there's definitely
been an increase in inventory, the quality of products we now offer and the
hiring of extra staff. It was crucial. I needed to run more efficiently. I
couldn't have done it without that help."

Staff writer Michael Futch can be reached at futchm@fayobserver.com or 486-3529.

___ (c)2011 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111104-FY-Microloan
-program-provides-more-seed-money-to-help-local-entrepreneurs-1104-20111104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 12, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

From a Small Loan, a Jewelry Business Grows

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED.

This column about the local economy appears every other week. E-mail address:
homefront@nytimes.com.

SECTION: Section 10; Column 1; Job Market; HOME FRONT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 719 words


IT'S no small hop from Bangladesh to Jersey City, but a strategy pioneered in
Bangladesh has nourished Audrey Hu's home-based jewelry business on the west
bank of the Hudson.

The strategy is microcredit, the granting of small loans to people, often very
poor, who cannot get traditional bank financing to start or expand small
businesses. Last month, a Bangladeshi economist, Muhammad Yunus, was awarded the
Nobel Peace Prize for establishing microcredit on a widespread basis in his
poverty-stricken South Asian country starting in the 1970s, and for inspiring
its spread to other countries, including the United States.

In America, 350 to 400 organizations provide microloans these days, specialists
on the subject say. They include the Women's Venture Fund, a Manhattan-based
nonprofit group that aids low-income women who seek to open or expand small
businesses in New York City and New Jersey.

Which brings us to Ms. Hu, who began making and selling jewelry in 2002, when
she was struggling financially after being laid off from her job at a cosmetics
company.

Two years after she started her business, a $7,000 loan from the Women's Venture
Fund enabled her to improve the marketing of her necklaces and earrings, and she
expects that this year revenue from the business, AHJewelry, will be twice the
approximately $30,000 it was in 2003.

Ms. Hu sells wholesale and retail. Before the loan, she said last week, she
lacked the money to rent space at trade shows, where she has a better chance of
making more and larger wholesale deals with stores than through the means she
had largely been limited to before. ''I was cold-calling stores, beating the
pavement, sending them catalogs,'' she said.

She used part of the borrowed money to participate in trade shows, obtaining
orders often worth thousands of dollars, compared with hundreds in her earlier
efforts.

Equally important, she said, the loan enabled her to upgrade her only outlet for
selling directly to customers, her Web site, ahjewelry.com. Originally, it was a
limited site designed by a friend, with only a phone number and an e-mail
address for placing orders. It also had inadequate space for showing her
creations, a major drawback considering that she was promoting the unusual look
of her pieces; many of them combine peacock, duck or other feathers with
semiprecious stones. With the loan, she was able to pay a professional to make
the site larger and permit online buying.

Before she learned about the Women's Venture Fund, Ms. Hu said, banks told her
that her business income was too weak for her to qualify for a loan, or that she
would have to provide collateral, which she lacked.

Maria Otero, the fund's president, said her group had a broader definition of
creditworthiness. In Ms. Hu's case, for example, ''we were impressed with her
passion to make this happen,'' she said.

But Ms. Otero also suggested that it had helped that Ms. Hu had come in with
more than a mere wish to have a business. ''We won't do it with just an idea,''
Ms. Otero said. ''They have to show that they can close a sale to someone beyond
a family member and friends.''

Ms. Otero said that she founded her group in 1994 to help make commercial credit
more available to women, and that reports of Mr. Yunus's microloan approach
indicated ''a good way to go.'' The fund has since made about 150 loans totaling
$1.5 million, an average of $10,000 a loan. Its loan maximum is $15,000, she
said, though it may soon be raised to $35,000.

The higher number is the limit generally accepted for a business loan to be
considered a microloan in the United States these days, said Sara Ignas, a
spokeswoman for the Association for Enterprise Opportunity, whose member groups
include many of the country's microlenders.

Such figures contrast starkly with the typical microloan, ranging from $150 to
$600, in most of the more than 100 countries in which microloans were made in
2005, according to another organization, the Microcredit Summit Campaign, based
in Washington.

But given that most of last year's 113 million microloans worldwide were made in
poor and developing countries, the contrast is hardly surprising.

''The cost of starting and running a business in the United States is very much
more than in developing countries,'' Ms. Ignas said.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: SPARKLES, SPANGLES -- Audrey Hu of AHJewelry with a necklace she
created with semiprecious stones and a peacock feather. Her small business was
helped by a microloan. (Photo by Aaron Houston for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday

Partnership stands by area small businesses

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 477 words


Sentinel & Enterprise staff

The North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation and the Assabet Valley
Chamber of Commerce announced Tuesday a new partnership to bring $2 million in
micro-lending resources to young companies in the Assabet Valley Region.

"We are very pleased to be partnering with the North Central Massachusetts
Development Corporation to support small businesses here in Assabet Valley,"
said Sarah Cressy, president and CEO of the Assabet Valley Chamber of Commerce.
"These microloans will provide entrepreneurs in our area with the capital and
technical assistance they need to start or expand their business."

The loans are available to businesses in Berlin, Bolton, Hudson, Maynard, and
Stow, Cressy said.

"Our microloan program has had a profound impact on our business community in
North Central Massachusetts. We have a long and successful history of supporting
small businesses with financial resources and technical assistance," said Roy M.
Nascimento, president and CEO of the North Central Massachusetts Development
Corporation. "We are excited to partner with the Assabet Valley Chamber of
Commerce to continue to expand our lending and help support the small and
emerging businesses that help drive the economy forward."

The development corporation works in partnership with local banks, credit
unions, chambers of commerce and area nonprofits to support emerging
microenterprises, small businesses, and community projects with loans and
business assistance. Since 1996, the corporation has granted over $4.3 million
in loans to small businesses to help grow jobs and the economy in 26 communities
in the North Central Massachusetts region. In addition, these funds were
leveraged with local financial institutions providing $14.8 million of their
funds and local investors and business owners providing another $3.2 million.

Microloan programs have become increasingly important to the business community
since the economic collapse in 2008 that put more restrictions on how banks can
serve small business loans. Micro loans made by the corporation can be used for
working capital, leasehold improvements, machinery and equipment, furniture and
fixtures, and refinancing of business credit card debt. Eligible businesses
include manufacturing, retail, wholesale, and service businesses usually having
five employees or less at the time of application and meeting the definition of
small business. The interest rates are flexible, but generally close to the
current fixed market rate.

The loan officers will be available via appointment to serve the needs of new
clients in the Assabet Valley region. To schedule an appointment, please contact
the North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation at (978) 353-7607 or
contact the Assabet Valley Chamber of Commerce at info@assabetvalleychamber.org
or (978) 568-0360 or (978) 875-0197.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sarah Cressy, president and CEO of the Assabet Valley Chamber of
Commerce, and Roy Nascimento, president and CEO of the North Central Mass.
Chamber of Commerce announced it is partnering to provide microloans for small
businesses.PHOTO COURTESY OF NORTH CENTRAL MASS. CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
Sarah Cressy, president and CEO of the Assabet Valley Chamber of Commerce, and
Roy Nascimento, president and CEO of the North Central Mass. Chamber of Commerce
announced it is partnering to provide microloans for small businesses.PHOTO
COURTESY OF NORTH CENTRAL MASS. CHAMBER OF COMMERCE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            March 19, 2005 Saturday

SBA on track for record year in doling out loans;
Though budget is smaller, agency says it is doing `more with less.'

BYLINE: By JAN NORMAN , The Orange County Register

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 507 words


Despite budget cuts, the U.S. Small Business Administration is on track to set a
record for the number of small- business loans this year, the federal agency's
national administrator said Friday.

Hector Barreto, in Newport Beach to talk with executives of Banco Popular, said,
``The SBA budget has gone down, but we're able to do more with less.''

That has been done by making the most of partnerships with business counseling
groups such as SCORE, reallocating funds within the agency and eliminating loan
subsidies, which are the largest part of the funding cuts since 2002.

The SBA's 2005 budget is $611.2 million. The proposed 2006 budget is $593
million. It serves 2.5 million small businesses -- about 10 percent of all small
firms nationwide -- with loan guarantees, technical training, business
counseling and federal procurement contracts. More businesses are being served
in each of those areas, Barreto said.

The SBA guaranteed a record 75,000 business loans totaling $12.7 billion in 2004
and is on pace to guarantee 100,000 loans for $16 billion this year, he said.

That increase has come even though the federal subsidy for these loans was
eliminated, which raises the fees that borrowers must pay.

The Santa Ana district SBA office did 2,595 loans all last year and is on a
record-setting pace in the federal fiscal year that started in October, having
made 1,086 loans in five months, 36 percent of them to minorities and 19 percent
to women, said spokeswoman Rachel Baranick.

The SBA has another financial impact on U.S. small business, Barreto added: It
has pressed federal agencies to streamline and cut regulations, which has saved
businesses $30 billion.

Rep. Nydia Velazquez of New York, ranking Democrat on the House Small Business
Committee, has criticized the Bush administration for proposed cuts for 2006 in
such programs as microloans and women's business centers.

The Senate earlier this week passed a $78 million increase in spending for
various SBA programs, including the microloans and women's centers, but it is
uncertain whether the amount will survive in the final federal budget. Barreto
said the microloans, which are for less than $35,000,would be rolled into the
regular loan program.

``We don't think we do (microloans) very well. It costs us $1 for every dollar
we lend,'' he said. ``At the same time, there are 600 non-government
microlenders that make these loans.''

The microloans are supposed to reach minority and women business owners, but
even in the regular loan programs, a third of the borrowers are minorities and
women.

``Last year was the best year in our history,'' he said. ``We had 30 percent
more loans to minorities, 50 percent more loans to women.''

As for the women's centers, Barreto said, the proposed cut is in funding to
existing centers in order to provide capital to start new centers in regions
that have none.

``We think that after five years, the centers should be able to raise money on
their own through other partnerships,'' he said.

(714) 796-7927 or jnorman@ocregister.com

Hector Barreto

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HECTOR BARRETO

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Orange County Register


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                              July 29, 2013 Monday

Pan American Bank continues to help lawful residents become citizens

LENGTH: 216 words


Pan American Bank is to continue to extend microloans to lawful permanent
residents through the Citizenship Microloan Program.
Developed in the summer 2011 in response to requests from local elected
officials and community organisations, the Pan American Bank Citizenship
Microloan Program provides a low-cost loan to lawful permanent residents
eligible for naturalisation.


"For a great number of lawful permanent residents the only obstacle to
naturalisation is the application fee. Across the country there are over eight
million lawful permanent residents that are currently eligible for citizenship -
2.4 million in California," said Pan American Bank CEO Jesse Torres.

The loan of $1,000 is to cover the $680 fee to the United States Citizenship and
Immigration Services with the remaining $320 to finance additional costs such as
citizenship or English language classes.

Pan American Bank receives a consistent flow of applications for the Citizenship
Microloan as a result of its close relationships with community-based
organisations that serve the immigrant community.

Pan American Bank has a network of eight branches across East Los Angeles,
California.

Related articles

California Bank & Trust upgrades online platform, launches iPad app

Wells Fargo expands remittance service in 7 countries

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            July 29, 2009 Wednesday

San Pablo Microloan Program helps business with makeover

BYLINE: By Tom Lochner Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 153 words


SAN PABLO   San Pablo Billiards and Restaurant is getting a makeover with the
help of a microloan from the city.

Created in 2003, the city of San Pablo Microloan Program provides loans of up to
$50,000 to attract and retain businesses.

San Pablo Billiards and Restaurant, at 1500 23rd St., offers traditional Mexican
dishes and specialty drinks as well as billiards play.

The improvement project created 12 construction as well as other employment
opportunities, said Community Services analyst Madelaine Sambajon.

The business has existed for 30 years. Current owner Maria Mendoza took it over
five years ago. The West County Business Development Center of Contra Costa
County worked with Mendoza to develop a business plan and qualify for a loan,
Sambajon said.

More information on the microloan program is available at 510-215-3030 or
www.ci.san-pablo.ca.us/main/smallbusinessassistance.htm.

Reach Tom Lochner at 510-262-2760.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                                 April 11, 2003

Chiswick charity launches appeal to help Malawi

BYLINE: Andrew Raine

LENGTH: 436 words


A CHISWICK based charity which is patronised by Bob Geldof KBE has launched a
£100 000 appeal to fund self-help projects in one of the world's poorest
countries.

The MicroLoan Foundation a registered not-for-profit charity based on Bolton
Road raises funds in the UK to set-up small or micro loans to people in third
world which helps them onto their feet.

After the recipient has set themselves up they repay the loan which can help
them keep their dignity while the money goes into a new venture.

In the word's of Bob Geldof KBE who patronises the charity:

In retrospect it appears obvious that one should treat the client as a borrower
and not a beneficiary of charity.

To treat someone as an adult human being with a stake in his or her future is
the essence of sound business sense.''

The charity plans to use the money to buy produce to sell at market price or
purchase items necessary to start up small-scale home industries such as
knitting or baking in the desperately poor country of Malawi.

Managing trustee Peter Ryan has just returned from the country where he saw for
himself the benefits brought by the small loans typically around £60 made to
desperately poor communities.

Mr Ryan told the Times:

Life in Malawi is very tough. Average life expectancy is 37-years and the
estimated incidence of HIV is close to 40 per cent so with the shortage of basic
foodstuffs the average person is living on the edge of survival all the time.

For example Musauka Mtamobamiko widowed at 41 when her husband died of AIDS has
been lent £40 to make and sell doughnuts. This is her only source of income to
support a family of nine four of them AIDS orphans who were left in her care
after her daughter died of the disease.

We are launching this appeal now because the projects we have supported to date
have been so successful demand for MicroLoans is escalating as people see the
very real difference it can make to their lives.

To date MicroLoan has been able to help 200 poor families a total of 2 000
people when you include dependents in and around the town of Nkhotakota.

Sometimes that difference is very simply the difference between life and death.
We've had terrific support from the people of Chiswick to date and are confident
that with a little extra effort we will be able to hit our target '' he added.

The MicroLoan Foundation is a registered charity number 1071101. For more
information contact Peter Ryan on 020 8994 0951 or visit
http://www.microloanfoundation.co.uk. (http://www.microloanfoundation.co.uk.)

April 11 2003 11:00

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2003 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                            August 25, 2009 Tuesday

SA a leading force in financial world for banking the 'unbanked'

BYLINE: Rory Riordan

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 772 words


BIG banks do not readily provide loans, or any financial services, to poor
customers. For them, the fixed costs of administering a R1000 loan and a R100000
loan are similar, and the return entirely different.
  And poor people do not have liquid security (for example shares in a public
company) to put up as collateral for a loan. Providing financial services to
poor households has always been a challenge.


  The poor are, traditionally, either "unbanked" or in a specialist, niche
banking world called "microfinance".
 The term "microfinance" refers to the provision of financial services (loans,
bank accounts, insurance, etc) to poor households who do not have access to such
services from traditional banks.
 Possibly the world's best known microfinance institution is from, of all
places, Bangladesh. The Grameen Bank, whose founder, Muhammad Yunus, won the
Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 for his work in establishing this institution, was the
first large-scale provider of small loans to poor households.
 The Grameen Bank is today still the largest microfinance institution by number
of active borrowers - more than six million - and the world's sixth largest by
gross loan portfolio (nearly $500-million, which is R3,9-billion). It has, in
fact, led to Bangladesh being the country whose poor are best supplied with
microloans.
 A Deutsche Bank study published in December 2007 suggests that Bangladesh, with
a population of 142 million, of whom 70 million are described as "poor", has
about 25 million active microloans within this poor population. Some 35% of the
poor community is using a microloan.
 Three of the world's four largest microlenders by number of active borrowers
are in Bangladesh - an extraordinary success story for this little- known
country.
 This study was the first to recommend investing in microfinance institutions,
for here exist the "double bottom line" - good profits (Grameen has a return on
equity of 22%) and strong social responsibility (microloan providers are seen as
vital catalysts in the emerging business community).
 The survey lists the world's top 50 microfinance providers - and South Africa's
Capitec Bank is listed at 20 by number of active borrowers and at 16 by size of
loan portfolio. The list for some reason does not include African Bank
Investments Limited (Abil), South Africa's largest microlender.
 On its present loan book Abil is the world's sixth largest microlender by
number of active loans and second largest (behind Indonesia's BRI) in size of
loan portfolio.
  Abil began as a consolidation of other interests in 1999, as Capitec was
founded in 2001.
 In 10 years South Africa has developed two of the world's top 20 microlenders.
Other South African microlenders (Blue Financial Services Limited, Teba Bank and
Mafori Finance) are also possibly near the world's top 50.
 Microlending is not without controversy, and microlenders pick up a lot of
criticism for their high interest rates and high initiation fees. Again, South
Africa's National Credit Act is a world leader in controlling these costs -
unsecured microloans (where the big business is) now have maximum interest rates
of the repo rate x 2,2 + 20%, which totals somewhere between 35% and 40%.
  Initiation fees on such loans are capped at R150 + 10% of the amount greater
than R1000, to a maximum of R1000. High, certainly. Shockingly high, but still
very popular.
 Abil has about three million active microloans (loan sizes between R500 and
R30000) and Capitec about 1,8 million.
 Time will tell whether these institutions will easily weather our downturn.
Their principal loans are unsecured and bad debt levels are shocking, but, in 10
short years, a world leading set of microfinance institutions has emerged in
South Africa and they seem flexible enough to keep going in a storm.
 Another South African banking development is possibly more impressive. In 1994,
30% of South Africa's adults held a bank account.
  Then, as a response to government pressure, the Post Office Bank and the "big
four" commercial banks jointly launched a low-cost bank account called the
Mzansi account. Within four years they had signed up six million new customers
and now 63% of South African adults have a bank account.
 These two - microfinance and entry-level bank accounts - are recent
developments. Both are very problematic areas for banking activity (high bad
debt figures, high levels of new but dormant accounts) - but both are world
leading initiatives in extending banking services to poor households.
 Both are clearly in the spirit of spreading access to our economy to previously
"unbanked" sectors of our population.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                          February 21, 2007 Wednesday
                                   e1 Edition

Property sales don't tell us much about AECI's future

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 944 words


If there is a downside to AECI selling off its vast property holdings, it's that
it gives the mining and speciality chemical group's financial performance a
rather lumpy consistency and makes it quite difficult for investors to predict
the group's fortunes.

AECI has about 2 500ha of surplus land, located primarily around Johannesburg,
Cape Town and Durban. It is rehabilitating and disposing of this land through
its property division, Heartland.

In results for the year to December released yesterday, the R260 million sale of
a prime 61ha property in Milnerton during the first half drove a substantial
rise in headline earnings. At the time the sale surprised analysts in terms of
both timing and value, as the clean-up of the site had been expected to take
longer.

Schalk Engelbrecht, the chief executive of AECI, agrees that income from the
property portfolio will "come in patches", depending on the quality of land that
is available.

After an impressive performance last year, Heartland is likely to offer a muted
performance this year as there is limited land ready for sale.

Nevertheless, Engelbrecht is excited about property. He is particularly
optimistic about developments at Modderfontein after an agreement was struck
with the Gauteng provincial government regarding the Gautrain in December.

The deal recognises the desirability of a station on the property at some future
date. It is important because foundations will now be laid for a platform to
facilitate construction of a station later.

AECI will have to conduct feasibility studies to justify throughput at the
station, but it is optimistic, given the rate of development at Modderfontein
and its most recent development, the R400 million Greenstone Mall, expected to
be one of Johannesburg's top 10 shopping centres.

AECI is banking on the value of its land holdings increasing at Modderfontein
and Somerset West, where 715ha of land is due to be released in phases from this
year.

In yesterday's results, the property division contributed almost half the
earnings. This year it will be much lower and - although we certainly haven't
heard the end of the AECI property story - this may help us remember that there
is a finite life to the property portfolio.

ABSA South Africa's major banks stand a good opportunity of transforming the
microloans market, but will have to understand the dynamics of this segment if
they are to offer meaningful products.

Absa chief executive Steve Booysen says banks still have to catch up in
understanding the microloans market. While this industry had always been dogged
by a reputation for high interest rates and untoward practices, credit providers
such as African Bank have recently brought sophistication to this market through
risk-based pricing. But with the advent of the National Credit Act, banks will
now be able to exploit this market unimpeded.

However, looking at Absa's mix of secured and unsecured lending, one gets the
feeling that banks may be cautious as they go into the microloans market.
According to its results for the year to December, 86.9 percent of loans issued
were secured.

But again, banks, through innovation, could come up with suitable products,
despite the attendant risks in microloans. African Bank has shown that this
market is profitable, if credit providers understand it. Mainstream banks have
the capacity to apply risk-based pricing for their microloans clients.

But they will have to go beyond that by ensuring that repayments for this market
are affordable and certain. When launching its credit card, African Bank gave it
features that fixed the monthly payment for its borrowers. This ensures ease of
budgeting, particularly given that the microloans market comprises mostly
low-income earners.

It is important that credit providers understand the cash flow situation in this
market and structure repayment arrangements accordingly.

NATIONAL CREDIT REGULATOR Gabriel Davel has finally provided a clear, logical
argument for why the usury rate was not raised, despite four interest rate hikes
last year.

Conventional wisdom has it that higher interest rates are a deterrent to greater
consumer indebtedness; just ask the Reserve Bank governor.

Previously Davel said raising the usury rate, which is capped at 20 percent for
most clothing accounts, would simply encourage credit retailers to lend to a
new, riskier class of customer, and lead to greater overall debt.

But Edgars Consolidated Stores (Edcon) said that while raising the usury rate
might lead to greater credit extension in this segment of the market, the
overall position would result in a slowing of consumer indebtedness.

Edcon said this was because for existing credit customers, who would make up the
majority of debtors, the message would be to slow down spending.

But Davel has now explained that the country is in an unique credit situation.
He explains that the unsolicited letters sent out by retailers to prospective
customers are unprecedented.

And believe you me, most people who have been offered credit for the first time
don't turn it down.

Davel says that this credit extension is not driven by consumer demand, but is a
push by retailers to find new customers.

And according to him, that makes all the difference.

Of course, that doesn't mean his theory is right, but at least a logical
argument is now out there in the public domain.

But retailers will be dismayed that he won't allow them to raise the usury rate
on existing accounts when the National Credit Act kicks in on June 1, and that
they will only be able to raise it on new loans.

But they will take heart that he says the government may lift it anyway,
possibly even to track interest rates.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             October 3, 2010 Sunday
                                   N2 Edition

A Boost For 'Microlending'

SECTION: REFLEJOS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 239 words


"Microlending" is not just about helping people in faraway places, but can be a
way to help people here at home and make a few bucks, too.

A July survey of microlenders found that 61% saw loan applications rise in the
first quarter.

Small investors can make microloans of as little as $25 directly to others
through peer-to-peer lending websites or go through microlenders that pool
investors' money to offer larger loans to individuals, businesses or community
groups.

Returns on microloans can top 10% in some cases, but usually average 2% or 3%.
Short-term interest rates are expected to remain ultralow for the foreseeable
future.

Of course, with microloans you run the risk of a borrower defaulting. And often,
the process will tie up your money for several months or years.

Prosper.com and LendingClub.com offer the most direct approach by allowing you
to lend money directly to a borrower.

Another microfinancing option is to invest in an institution that makes
microloans to various groups, such as entrepreneurs, community-development
organizations and low-income workers.

MicroPlace, a broker owned by eBay, lists various microlenders that cater to
specific groups or geographic areas. Loans made through MicroPlace start at $20.
The average person invests $1,700.

Some community-development banks and credit unions are offering CDs that use
your money to make loans to businesses and nonprofits that support specific
causes.

-- By J.M.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           February 11, 2010 Thursday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

Ellsworth seeks grant funding for 2 programs

BYLINE: RICH HEWITT OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 589 words

DATELINE: ELLSWORTH


The city will apply for state grant funding to continue a popular program to
improve storefronts in the urban core area and to create a new microloan program
for local businesses.

According to City Planner Michelle Gagnon, Ellsworth will apply for a $150,000
Community Enterprise grant through the state's Community Development Block Grant
program. City councilors on Monday approved the submission of the application.

If its application is approved, Gagnon said, the city would allocate $130,000 of
the grant toward the facade program and $20,000 for the microloan program.

Based on an informal survey, Gagnon said there continues to be a lot of interest
in the facade program, which the city has offered since 2004. The program has
funded exterior improvements throughout the city's commercial district over the
years. While much of Ellsworth's focus has been on preparing for major new
developments beyond the Triangle, Gagnon said, it also has made sure that other
commercial areas do not deteriorate and that small businesses remain viable in
the city.

"We have tried to pay attention to the older commercial areas, downtown and the
High Street strip," she said. "They are a vital part of the city's economy.
These grants target the entire urban core area so that we can ensure that all
areas of Ellsworth remain alive, vital and strong."

Kevin Tessio, president of the Ellsworth Area Chamber of Commerce, spoke in
favor of the grant and the facade program.

"This is certainly a beneficial program," Tessio said. "It's a great opportunity
for businesses to continue to grow within the city."

The city stands a good chance of receiving the loan due to the past successes,
Gagnon said.

"We have a good track record, and we have two fully certified administrators in
the city," she said. "We have a team of people with experience working with CDBG
funds. That means we can administer the program with no costs, so all of the
grant funds go into the program."

The new microloan program will be available to low- and middle-income business
owners, and can be used for a variety of projects to help those businesses
remain viable and to create and retain jobs.

While the facade program strictly targets exterior and other physical
improvements, the microloan will have more flexibility and allow businesses to
use funds for a variety of projects or purchases, Gagnon said.

"It's very open as to what we can do with the funds," Gagnon said. "We're really
very excited about this."

She stressed the program is not designed to compete with banks or other funding
programs, but to provide funding to businesses that might have difficulty
obtaining money from those other sources.

The two programs to be funded through the grant work differently. Under the
facade program, a portion of the grant to a business is forgiven for each of
five years the business remains in the same ownership. After the fifth year, the
debt is forgiven completely.

The microloan program is a low-interest loan program. The payments from the
businesses will go back into the program to fund future loans.

Gagnon said the city's planning department also is working on a plan that would
allow businesses to combine a facade grant and a microloan.

The city's planning and economic development departments already have discussed
the programs with potential business participants, but Gagnon said they are
anxious to hear from other business owners who might be interested in either
program. Interested business owners can contact Gagnon at 669-6608.

rhewitt@bangordailynews.net

667-9394

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           February 12, 2005 Saturday
                                  City Edition

A hand up;
Loan program needs to survive, not die

SECTION: OPINION; OUR VIEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 348 words


WE'RE generally supportive of President Bush's bid to rein in federal spending
-- or at least to hold spending growth near the rate of inflation. The president
has identified 150 programs for major reduction or elimination, and Congress
needs to seriously consider his recommendations.

One exception would be Bush's plan to zero out the federal MicroLoan program.
We're sorry to see that one on the cut list.

The program is designed to help entrepreneurs get start-up capital that often
can't be secured from traditional lenders because applicants have poor credit
and/or lack assets that can be used to collateralize a loan.

It's not hard to see why MicroLoan fell under the budget-cutters' knife.

First, it's relatively small. In the last fiscal year it issued 2,405 loans
totaling $32.7 million. That compares with the Small Business Administration's
largest program that issued nearly 75,000 loans totaling $12.55 billion.

Second, it caters to an unconventional clientele -- which is to say a
constituency not as powerful as others in Washington.

According to The Wall Street Journal, the program's critics say it's too
expensive, in large part, because it also helps pay the salaries of people who
help borrowers with their business problems. Government officials say the SBA
and the private sector can serve MicroLoan's customers.

That point, we expect, will be hotly debated in the upcoming budget battle.

It's hard to imagine another government lending agency or a private lender that
would be as flexible on some of the unusual collateral requests that have come
from MicroLoan applicants.

The Journal says these include a widow's wine-import business that used the wine
as part of the loan security and an Ohio bait farmer who collateralized his loan
with -- what else? -- earthworms.

The truth is small business is the heart and soul of the American economy. Small
businesses create the most new jobs and opportunity. MicroLoan serves a
specialized portion of that entrepreneurial class, and we'd hate to see it shut
down.

Surely, the budget cutters can find $32 million in waste, fraud and abuse
someplace else.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Microloan program to assist legal immigrants

BYLINE: Luz Lazo

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 750 words


Ernestina Pacas completed her citizenship application last week, 17 years after
she moved to the United States from El Salvador.

This week she is awaiting approval of a loan for $680, which she plans to use to
pay the application fees charged by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.

Pacas, 42, is among the first to apply for a new microloan designed to help
legal permanent residents cover their naturalization costs.

"If I become a citizen thanks to this loan, I will be a very happy person," said
Pacas, a hotel housekeeper in the District who qualified for naturalization
nearly a decade ago. She said she did not apply earlier because she did not have
the money to pay the fees.

Organizers expect hundreds of green card holders such as Pacas to qualify for
the pilot program being launched Tuesday byCASA of Maryland - the state's
largest immigrant advocacy group - in partnership with Citi and other financial
institutions and nonprofit groups. However, they said, the need is much greater.

The lack of money and English skills are the two main reasons permanent
residents do not seek citizenship, said Gustavo Torres, executive director of
CASA.

Nearly 300,000 people are eligible to apply for citizenship in the District,
Virginia and Maryland,
http://www.washingtonpost.com/mdhttp://www.washingtonpost.com/vaaccording to a
CASA report.

If the year-long microloan pilot in Maryland is successful, it could be expanded
in the region and replicated in other parts of the country, said Sheldon Caplis,
south Atlantic regional director for Citi Community Development. Citi is the top
investor in the program, contributing about $150,000 of the $400,000 cost.

"We want folks to attain citizenship. We want them to learn about the economic
system. We want them to be better aware of their financial opportunities and to
be able to take advantage of them," Caplis said. "This is a win-win."

According to the Pew Hispanic Center, about 12.4 million permanent residents
live in the United States. The majority are eligible to become naturalized
citizens, or soon will be.

Immigration statistics show that more people are choosing to naturalize. In the
District, Maryland and Virginia, the number of naturalizations has more than
doubled in the past decade, increasing from 13,770 in fiscal 2001 to 35,354 in
fiscal 2010, according to the Department of Homeland Security.

The pilot includes money for the microloans and citizenship and financial
education. The loans become due a month after a person receives the money.
Applicants have six months to repay at an interest rate of 8.5 to 9 percent,
CASA officials said.

Permanent residents interested in applying for a microloan can visit CASA's
citizenship office to process their citizenship paperwork. To qualify, they need
to complete an initial credit screening and financial counseling, be eligible
for citizenship and pay a $25 application fee.

The program targets "lowincome" immigrants, but organizers have not set any
income restrictions, said Eliza Leighton, director of strategic initiatives at
CASA.

The Latino Economic Development Corp. and the Ethiopian Community Development
Council Enterprise Development Group are partnering with Citi and CASA to
process the microloans, officials said.

Immigrant advocates point to several advantages to citizenship, including that
naturalized citizens have access to federal jobs and are less likely to be poor
than legal permanent residents who are eligible for citizenship.

Hispanic activists also see in naturalization an opportunity to increase the
group's electorate to shape immigration policy.

"For us to change the current immigration laws, it is vital that our people earn
citizenship," Torres said. "By becoming citizens, we demonstrate that we are
integrating into the American society, and we also send a message that we will
vote for candidates that respect our community."

Pacas is scheduled to start citizenship classes Thursday, where she will prepare
for the naturalization test, which measures English language skills and basic
knowledge of U.S. history and government.

As soon as she receives the loan, she said, she will send her paperwork to
immigration authorities.

Pacas said the surge in antiillegal-immigration laws in states across the
countryand the lack of federal immigration reformhave motivated her to seek
citizenship.

"I feel we need a voice," she said. "If everything goes well, and I pass the
exam and become a citizen, I will be the first in line to vote next year."

lazol@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                               February 27, 2009

N.Y. 's Sen. Schumer: Stimulus helps small biz

BYLINE: David Reich-Hale

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 559  words


Sen. Charles Schumer on Friday said the $787 billion stimulus signed earlier
this month by President Barack Obama includes $730 million in new funding for
small business assistance programs.

New York's senior senator said the money would go a long way toward helping
struggling Long Island firms survive the economic crisis.

Here is a breakdown, direct from Schumer's Long Island office:

Temporary SBA Fee Relief: As a result of the financial crisis and the recession,
small business lending in the SBA's flagship loan programs - 7(a) and 504
programs - is in a freefall.   The bill allocates $375 million to allow for
temporary waivers or reductions in the fees the SBA charges to lenders and
borrowers in the 7(a) and 504 loan programs.   When determining the amount and
structure of the waivers/reductions, the bill requires the SBA to give borrowers
and smaller banks priority in receiving fee relief.

Temporary Increase in SBA Guarantee Levels: The bill allows the SBA to - on a
case by case basis - temporarily raise the guarantee level (up to 90%) for 7(a)
loans, other than loans made through the SBA Express program.   Currently, the
maximum guarantee levels are 75 percent for loans over $150,000, and 85 percent
for loans of $150,000 or less.   The increased guarantee will provide a higher
level of protection for risk-weary small business lenders who have tightened
their lending standards considerably in the wake of the credit crunch.

Business Stabilization Program: The bill will also help banks provide relatively
small, short-term loans to small business borrowers experiencing immediate
financial hardship. Specifically, the new program will temporarily allow the SBA
to (i) fully guarantee "stabilization" loans that cannot exceed $35,000, and
(ii) fully subsidize a small business borrower's interest payments on the
stabilization loan.   A borrower does not have to begin repaying the
stabilization loan until 12 months after receiving it, and the loan must be paid
in full within 5 years.

Microloans: The bill appropriates $30 million for the SBA's microloan program,
with $24 million dedicated to microloan technical assistance, and $6 million for
new microloans.   By way of background, the microloan program provides very
small loans to qualifying micro-businesses (typically businesses with fewer than
10 employees) by making funds available to non-profit, community-based lenders.

504 Program Improvements: With credit standards tightening, many credit-worthy
small businesses have been denied new or additional loans for facility upgrades.
The bill would allow a small business to refinance its existing loan through a
504 loan if at least 50 percent of the proceeds from the new 504 loan will be
spent on qualifying expansion projects. In addition, the bill expands the
universe of expansion projects that would qualify for a 504 loan.   Current law
requires the creation of one job for every $65,000 loaned; the bill reduces that
amount to $50,000.

Oversight and Implementation of Stimulus Measures: The bill allocates $25
million for the additional resources that the SBA will need to properly
implement the stimulus measures. The bill appropriates $10 million specifically
for the SBA Inspector General's oversight of SBA stimulus funds. The bill also
requires a GAO report on the SBA's progress in implementing the stimulus
measures.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Independent Herald (Pineville, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

EDA board hears industrial park update

BYLINE: John Conley, Independent Herald, Pineville, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 278 words


Sept. 20--An update on the John D. Rockefeller IV Industrial Park was part of
last Thursday's Wyoming County Economic Development Authority meeting.

EDA Executive Director Christy Laxton said several buildings at the site are
available.

These include an 11,250 square foot open space, an 8,450 square foot building
which includes a workshop on the back side, and smaller open spaces of 5,250
square feet and 3,000 square feet, Laxton reported.

The Barkers Creek Industrial Park is expected to have its clean up completed by
Sept.30, 2017.

Also, the Wyoming County Community Fund will hold its BINGO fund raiser on Oct.
8 at Pineville Elementary School.

Tickets will be available for sale two weeks prior to the event, Laxton said.

The EDA will have microloan funds available for a nine-county area: Cabell,
Wayne, Putnam, Lincoln, Boone, Mingo, Logan, Mason and Kanawha.

Unlimited Future, Inc., a previous microloan institution for the Small Business
Development Center (SBDC) is no longer active in microloans.

A total of $62,000 was transferred to the EDA's microloan program. Laxton said a
$20,000 loan has been approved for a Putnam County business, and about $40,000
remains.

Other business:

The EDA board of directors approved David Howe, II, to do the authority's audit.

A West Virginia Community HUB IAS meeting will be held this Thursday at 6 p.m.
at the Wyoming County Commission conference room at the Riverside Complex in
Pineville.

John Conley can be reached at 304-732-6060 or on Twitter @PIHnews.

___ (c)2016 the Independent Herald (Pineville, W.Va.) Visit the Independent
Herald (Pineville, W.Va.) at www.independentherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160920-1PV-EDA-board-hears-industrial-park-update-0920-20160920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1PV


                       Copyright 2016 Independent Herald


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           October 25, 2003 Saturday
                              West Volusia Edition

Building on DreamsMicroloans pump life into Spring Hill business

BYLINE: CHRISTINE GIRARDIN - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 709  words

DATELINE: DELAND


One person at a time, the momentum needed for an economic revival in Spring Hill
is slowly building. Willie Vamp Carter is a success story at the start of a
coordinated effort to boost business skills, educational levels and financial
influence among neighborhood residents. With a microloan of $1,000 from Stetson
University, Carter spruced up the club he co-owns at 909 S. Adelle Ave., a
bright blue building thats almost a local landmark. It now serves as a gathering
place, social club or bar, depending on how close it is to the weekend. But
Carter sees a full-service restaurant in the buildings future. Spring Hill is a
neighborhood of about 1,200 mostly black residents. It straddles DeLands
southwestern boundary with Volusia County. Others have dreams just as big for
Spring Hill, among them community leaders and others at Stetson University, the
Central Florida Community Development Corp., Volusia County and DeLand.

There are not enough people in the (Spring Hill) community who can participate
in the larger issues in the political process because they dont have any wealth
but that can change, said Community Development Corp. Director Gerald Chester.
Through loans, home- building assistance, education programs and strengthening
social bonds in Spring Hill, residents are preparing for better economic days.
Microloans are a big part of the effort. With $5,000 in donated seed money,
Stetson University is participating in a community lending process thats almost
as old as history, said economics Professor Ranjini Thaver, one of the programs
coordinators. Stetson and the Community Development Corp. are helping people who
cant get traditional business loans. People who borrow a starter sum as small as
$1,000 also get a course on writing a business plan, keeping records and
managing expenses in workshops with other loan recipients. Thats where the
feeling of community develops, Thaver said.

Microcredit is not based on financial collateral. It is based on social
collateral. It is easier to be accountable to someone you know face-to-face than
a bank, Thaver said. Loan recipients in the Stetson program describe feeling
like theyve suddenly become members of something bigger than themselves.

Its much, much more than the money. Its more a family thing. Once youre part of
this particular family, youre welcome anywhere, said Carter, as he prepared to
have a party celebrating the microloan program at his club Friday. The event
attracted enough Stetson University officials, members of the media and locals
to fill the small club. The primary attraction was an appearance by microcredit
proponent and philanthropist Steven Rockefeller. Brigitte Parker said she used a
microloan to buy merchandise for her business, the Corner Store, and 21-year-old
Corinthia Gillislee is also buying merchandise for her beauty supply store set
to open in December.

Stetson made a great effort and so did I, Parker said. With a stake in their own
businesses and the community, people like Carter, Parker and Gillislee are
better positioned for financial success, but it takes more than dollars to
improve the communitys outlook.

Better education is the bottom line, said Donna Banks, who is coordinating the
various agencies and programs working on behalf of Spring Hill. She can be found
at the Spring Hill Resource Center on Adelle Avenue almost every weekday.
Federal and county grants help pay for programs like Tech Bridge, where people
learn computer and office skills through classes at the Chisholm Center, and
character and leadership development at the Spring Hill Boys and Girls Club. The
Chisholm Center also offers classes to help people earn high school diplomas. A
2002 study of blight in Spring Hill found about 45 percent of area residents
dont have a high school diploma. Countywide, about 18 percent of residents lack
diplomas. Chester said as educational levels increase, more employers could be
encouraged to hire Spring Hill residents. With higher rates of employment and a
bevy of small business owners too, Spring Hill will have more economic and
political power. Glenn Porter, a regular customer at Carters club, said the
neighborhood is already on an upswing. Its a slow process, but its change for
the better, Porter said.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: Willie Vamp Carter grills Friday for a crowd of about
30 in honor of the 909 Clubs success through a $1,000 microloan from Stetson
University.Photo 2: Darrell Graham, 14, leaves Brigittes Corner Store in DeLand
on Wednesday. The store was started with help from a microloan from Stetson
University.Photo 3: Philanthropist Steven Rockefeller, left, and Willie Vamp
Carter enjoy a luncheon Friday honoring the success of Carters 909
Club.News-Journal/ CHRISTINA BURKE

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2003 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2003 News-Journal Corporation


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 21, 2009 Friday

Eugene nonprofit firm named a 'microlender': EDev will provide loans, generally
from $5,000 to $10,000, to small businesses in Lane County

BYLINE: Sherri Buri McDonald, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


Aug. 21--The U.S. Small Business Administration has chosen a Eugene nonprofit
business development agency as one of only eight new "microlenders" in the
United States.

EDev, formerly Lane MicroBusiness, provides microloans, generally ranging from
$5,000 to $10,000, to help the smallest of small businesses take root and grow.
The group is based in Eugene but offers training and technical assistance to
about 400 individuals annually -- some as far away as the Eastern Oregon towns
of Burns and LaGrande.

The SBA's Microloan Program will provide up to $3.5 million in low-cost loans to
enable groups, such as eDev, to finance direct lending to small businesses.

EDev officials said the group initially has requested $150,000 in microloan
funding, which should be available to borrowers by the end of September. The
group said it will request additional lending authority from the SBA as demand
for local loans increases.

"Due to the depressed economy in Oregon, we intend to aggressively seek out
small businesses that need capital and working funds to grow and to hire more
individuals," says Shawn Winkler-Rios, eDev's executive director. "These
microloan funds can be an important source of funding for start-up businesses
that are not able to secure traditional loans from banks."

To apply for a loan, individuals must fill out a loan application form and
submit a completed business plan. EDev will sponsor workshops in mid to late
September in Eugene and rural Lane County to explain the program to potential
applicants. Those sites and dates will be available at eDev's Web site at
edev.org next week, Financial Officer Martin Desmond said.

EDev has sought authorization to make the loans in Lane and Harney counties, but
it could seek to expand that service boundary, he said.

To see more of the Register-Guard or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.registerguard.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Register-Guard, Eugene,
Ore. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090821-EU-Eugene-nonprofit-firm-named-a-microlender-0821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2009 The Register Guard


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Flagship awards first small business loan

BYLINE: Abbey Doyle, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 697 words


Aug. 18--ANDERSON, Ind. -- The Flagship Enterprise Center awarded its first "
microloans" Wednesday to Community Networks, a professional design and marketing
company.

The Flagship center was recently designated as a Small Business Administration
Microloan Intermediary, allowing it to provide $5,000 to $35,000 loans to small
businesses in a 10-county area, Flagship Executive Director DeWayne Landweher
said.

"The biggest thing our clients ask us for is money," Landweher said. "Every
small business needs money for growth. For start-ups, money is the most critical
factor."

In the past the Flagship center has been able to assist its member businesses
with grants and in limited situations equity. With this recent designation,
though, Landweher said they will be able to help the businesses that have
reached a plateau with their current situation.

And banks often won't consider loans less than $20,000 or $30,000, he said,
meaning the small start-up companies are unable to get to the next step. This
means Flagship isn't in competition with the local banks -- there are actually
two who sit on the center's loan board -- but it is able to provide loans with a
very competitive interest rate to companies that banks wouldn't be interested
in.

"This loan is like giving us a foot forward to become a legitimate business on
our own," said Tammy Rimer, president of Community Networks. "It will help us
move from start-up to small business."

Landweher said Community Networks was a great fit for the program.

"Their business has seen consistent growth over the past year, but their growth
had created a cash flow issue that this loan addresses," he said. "They have a
great business plan that they have been marching to, and we believe this
microloan will give them what they need to continue to expand and succeed. In
fact, as they keep working with their business plan, this loan facilitates their
transition from growth-restricted and cash poor to faster growth and positive
cash flow. It is exactly the kind of situation we are happy to work with."

The $17,000 loan that Rimer's company received will allow them to hire two
additional sales representatives to help the company grow. They currently have
clientele in Madison, Tipton, Hamilton and other nearby counties but are hoping
to expand their marketing and design services even farther.

"We are really excited to be a part of this process with the Flagship," she
said. "It will help us provide security for our business and our families."

Community Networks is the first of many companies to receive the microloan, said
Adam Hoeksema, Flagship's microloan program manager. Initially they looked to
serve their current Flagship customers with the loan but have the ability to
loan out $3.5 million.

As the program grows, he hopes their loan portfolio grows.

Landweher said they are actively looking for other businesses in need of loans.
The goal, though, is not to make money -- all of the loan payments will go back
into the loan program. Instead, the goal is to help accelerate the rate of
business growth in the community.

The Small Business Administration loans Flagship the funds and then Flagship
loans them to companies like Community Networks. Flagship is ultimately
responsible for repaying the loan to the SBA if the company defaults, Landweher
said.

The first requirement is for the company to show a good business plan,
especially focused on the financial aspects of the company. They are also
requiring that loan recipients at least become affiliated with the Flagship
Center.

If interested in learning more about the loan program, contact Hoeksema at
622-7960 or e-mail adam@flagshipenterprise.org

Contact Abbey Doyle, 640-4805, abbey.doyle@heraldbulletin.com

To see more of The Herald Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theheraldbulletin.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Herald Bulletin,
Anderson, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100818-HU-Flagship-awards-first-small-business-loan-20100818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2010 The Herald Bulletin


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              July 30, 2010 Friday

Bank of America Announces New Program to Help Spur up to $100 Million in Small
Business Lending Nationwide

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 30 -- Bank of America today announced it will provide $10 million
in grants to nonprofit lenders, such as Community Development Financial
Institutions (CDFIs), to leverage funds from the U.S. Small Business
Administration (SBA) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) for lending
to small and rural businesses. The grants, for use as loan loss reserves, may
unlock as much as $100 million in low-cost, long-term capital for small business
microloans nationwide over the next 12 months.

SBA and USDA microloans are made through local nonprofit lenders, which also
provide business training and technical assistance. To access the capital,
nonprofit lenders participating in these federal loan programs must set aside
loan loss reserves at levels of up to 15 percent of the capital provided by the
agencies. However, due to the economic recession, most of these lenders have
been unable to meet the reserve requirements, limiting their access to loan
capital at a time when small businesses most need this support.

Bank of America's new microloan reserve grants were created specifically to help
CDFIs and other nonprofit lenders meet the required reserve levels, and thereby
access millions of dollars in new low-cost capital.

"Helping strengthen small businesses and new start-up companies stimulates job
creation and is critical to our nation's economic recovery. Bank of America is
empowering these entrepreneurs by directing private sector capital to unlock
exponentially greater amounts of federal dollars for their businesses," said
David Darnell, president of Global Commercial Banking, Bank of America. "Even
the smallest grant enables a CDFI to leverage as much as ten times that amount
to lend to small businesses, which helps initiate a ripple effect impacting job
growth, spending and overall economic expansion."

Darnell made the announcement today at the National Urban League's centennial
conference in Washington D.C. According to the SBA, the country's 30 million
small and micro-businesses are the chief generator of new jobs, creating two out
of every three new jobs across the country.

"The National Urban League commends Bank of America for the development of this
innovative program," said Marc H. Morial, president and chief executive officer,
National Urban League. "Allowing CDFIs and other nonprofits - many of whom
receive management and technical assistance through our Entrepreneurship Centers
- to provide much-needed microloans to small and minority businesses nationwide
will lead to increased business growth and job creation, which will boost the
economy of our country."

The average SBA microloan size is $13,000 per business.Through these programs,
CDFIs can borrow for 10 to 20 years at rates less than two percent - twice as
long and half the cost of other CDFI lending programs currently available. There
are currently more than 175 nonprofit lenders participating in these programs.

Bank of America is the nation's largest investor into CDFIs, with more than $1
billion in loans and investments to 120 CDFIs in 37 states. This work with CDFIs
is part of the company's broad support for small businesses, which includes a
pledge to increase lending to small and medium-sized businesses by $5 billion in
2010. In the first half of 2010, Bank of America has provided $45.4 billion to
small and medium-sized companies.

Bank of America also is increasing its spending with small, medium-sized and
diverse businesses through a pledge to purchase $10 billion in products and
services from those suppliers over the next five years. Other efforts to help
small businesses include recent improvements to the bank's 2 million small
business credit card accounts, such as no rate increases on existing balances,
and enhancements to the Advisor Alliance(TM) retirement plan platform, which
serves more than 900,000 people from more than 40,000 businesses.

Bank of America

Bank of America is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving
individual consumers, small- and middle-market businesses and large corporations
with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial
and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched
convenience in the United States, serving approximately 57 million consumer and
small business relationships with 5,900 retail banking offices, more than 18,000
ATMs and award-winning online banking with 29 million active users. Bank of
America is among the world's leading wealth management companies and is a global
leader in corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of
asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals
around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to
approximately 4 million small business owners through a suite of innovative,
easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through
operations in more than 40 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE:
BAC) is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and is listed on the New
York Stock Exchang Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision
News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             July 29, 2010 Thursday

Bank of America Announces New Program to Help Spur up to $100 Million in Small
Business Lending Nationwide

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 29 -- Bank of America today announced it will provide $10 million
in grants to nonprofit lenders, such as Community Development Financial
Institutions (CDFIs), to leverage funds from the U.S. Small Business
Administration (SBA) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) for lending
to small and rural businesses. The grants, for use as loan loss reserves, may
unlock as much as $100 million in low-cost, long-term capital for small business
microloans nationwide over the next 12 months.

SBA and USDA microloans are made through local nonprofit lenders, which also
provide business training and technical assistance. To access the capital,
nonprofit lenders participating in these federal loan programs must set aside
loan loss reserves at levels of up to 15 percent of the capital provided by the
agencies. However, due to the economic recession, most of these lenders have
been unable to meet the reserve requirements, limiting their access to loan
capital at a time when small businesses most need this support.

Bank of America's new microloan reserve grants were created specifically to help
CDFIs and other nonprofit lenders meet the required reserve levels, and thereby
access millions of dollars in new low-cost capital.

"Helping strengthen small businesses and new start-up companies stimulates job
creation and is critical to our nation's economic recovery. Bank of America is
empowering these entrepreneurs by directing private sector capital to unlock
exponentially greater amounts of federal dollars for their businesses," said
David Darnell, president of Global Commercial Banking, Bank of America. "Even
the smallest grant enables a CDFI to leverage as much as ten times that amount
to lend to small businesses, which helps initiate a ripple effect impacting job
growth, spending and overall economic expansion."

Darnell made the announcement today at the National Urban League's centennial
conference in Washington D.C. According to the SBA, the country's 30 million
small and micro-businesses are the chief generator of new jobs, creating two out
of every three new jobs across the country.

"The National Urban League commends Bank of America for the development of this
innovative program," said Marc H. Morial, president and chief executive officer,
National Urban League. "Allowing CDFIs and other nonprofits - many of whom
receive management and technical assistance through our Entrepreneurship Centers
- to provide much-needed microloans to small and minority businesses nationwide
will lead to increased business growth and job creation, which will boost the
economy of our country."

The average SBA microloan size is $13,000 per business.Through these programs,
CDFIs can borrow for 10 to 20 years at rates less than two percent - twice as
long and half the cost of other CDFI lending programs currently available. There
are currently more than 175 nonprofit lenders participating in these programs.

Bank of America is the nation's largest investor into CDFIs, with more than $1
billion in loans and investments to 120 CDFIs in 37 states. This work with CDFIs
is part of the company's broad support for small businesses, which includes a
pledge to increase lending to small and medium-sized businesses by $5 billion in
2010. In the first half of 2010, Bank of America has provided $45.4 billion to
small and medium-sized companies.

Bank of America also is increasing its spending with small, medium-sized and
diverse businesses through a pledge to purchase $10 billion in products and
services from those suppliers over the next five years. Other efforts to help
small businesses include recent improvements to the bank's 2 million small
business credit card accounts, such as no rate increases on existing balances,
and enhancements to the Advisor Alliance(TM) retirement plan platform, which
serves more than 900,000 people from more than 40,000 businesses.

Bank of America

Bank of America is one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving
individual consumers, small- and middle-market businesses and large corporations
with a full range of banking, investing, asset management and other financial
and risk management products and services. The company provides unmatched
convenience in the United States, serving approximately 57 million consumer and
small business relationships with 5,900 retail banking offices, more than 18,000
ATMs and award-winning online banking with 29 million active users. Bank of
America is among the world's leading wealth management companies and is a global
leader in corporate and investment banking and trading across a broad range of
asset classes, serving corporations, governments, institutions and individuals
around the world. Bank of America offers industry-leading support to
approximately 4 million small business owners through a suite of innovative,
easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients through
operations in more than 40 countries. Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE:
BAC) is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and is listed on the New
York Stock Exchange Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           October 16, 2010 Saturday

Dough from beer brewer helps local bakery grow

BYLINE: By Emily Devlin, edevlin@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: TOP

LENGTH: 481 words


FITCHBURG -- La Reina Bakery and Restaurant owners Francisco Cruz and Carmen
Rivera had the passion and drive needed to run their own bakery and restaurant
when they opened in Worcester five years ago, but the location left something to
be desired.

There was hardly any space for customers to park, which made it difficult to
grow the business, according to Cruz.

But when the husband and wife received a microloan through Boston Beer Co.'s
Brewing the American Dream program a year-and-a-half ago, they had the cash
needed to move their operation to Water Street in Fitchburg, which boasts ample
parking and good visibility for motorists on Route 12.

"The loan really helped us continue doing business," Cruz said.

Cruz on Friday served freshly baked doughuts and coffee to Jim Koch, president
of the Boston Beer Co., who created the Brewing the American Dream program in
2009 to help small business entrepreneurs get on their feet.

Koch visited La Reina Bakery to observe the impact the program has had on a
participating business. Koch founded the Boston Beer Co., which brews Samuel
Adams beer, in 1984. He still relates to the challenges people face when they
try to make a new business go.

"As an entrepreneur, I went through all of that. I had to do everything. I'm
always impressed when businesses like this not only survive but also succeed and
grow," Koch said.

Boston Beer Co. will finance microloans through Axion USA, a financial
organization that screens candidates and administers the money.

Koch is looking for low- to middle-income entrepreneurs who have already
demonstrated success in business. The loans must be paid back with interest, he
noted.

"This is not in any way meant to be a donation," Koch said.

About 43 loans have been issued, creating more than 200 jobs, according to Koch.

The La Reina Bakery and Restaurant owners purchased tables, chairs, and a new
oven with the microloan. They are items that Cruz and Rivera would not be able
to afford on their own without saving up for years, said Rivera's son, Edgardo
Alica.

Alica works for the family business, arriving at 4:30 a.m. each day to prepare
to open at 6 a.m. Even in the poor economy, business is steady. Members of the
Puerto Rican community especially love to come in for lunch, Alica said.

La Reina, which employs seven people, serves fresh pastries and traditional
Puerto Rican meals every day from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m.

Koch was impressed by the bustling lunchtime crowd that piled into the eatery
shortly before noon. He also complimented Cruz on the fresh-baked taste of the
sugar doughnuts he snacked on.

"Homemade doughnuts taste different than what you get at a chain doughnut shop.
You can tell it rose ... it's like making beer," Koch said.

There is actually a shortage of qualified microloan applicants. Koch urged small
business owners to visit

www.samueladams.com/btad/index.aspx to find out how to apply.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SENTINEL & ENTERPRISE / BRETT CRAWFORD La Reyna Bakery on Water Street
in Fitchburg was recently given a microloan by beer brewer Samuel Adams that
allowed the bakery to add new equipment. Sitting from left, Edgardo Alicea,
bread and pastry maker, co-owner Francisco Cruz, and Samuel Adams founder Jim
Koch talk about the loan at the bakery Thursday.
SENTINEL & ENTERPRISE / BRETT CRAWFORD La Reyna Bakery on Water Street in
Fitchburg was recently given a microloan by beer and ale maker Samuel Adams that
allowed the bakery to purchase a new oven and tables and chairs. Sitting from
left, Edgardo Alicea, bread and pastry maker, co-owner Francisco Cruz, and
founder and brewer of Samuel Adams, Jim Koch, Thursday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2014 Sunday

Washington: Microloan Program

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: Washington


Small Business Administration has issued the following news release:

The Farm Service Agency (FSA) developed the Microloan (ML) program to better
serve the unique financial operating needs of beginning, niche and small family
farm operations.

USDA is raising the borrowing limit for the microloan program from $35,000 to
$50,000, effective Nov. 7, 2014. The loan features a streamlined application
process built to fit the needs of new and smaller producers. This loan program
will also be useful to specialty crop producers and operators of community
supported agriculture (CSA).

Eligible applicants can apply for a maximum amount of $50,000 to pay for initial
start-up expenses such as hoop houses to extend the growing season, essential
tools, irrigation and annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, land
rents, marketing, and distribution expenses. As financing needs increase,
applicants can apply for a regular operating loan up to the maximum amount of
$300,000 or obtain financing from a commercial lender under FSA's Guaranteed
Loan Program.

Individuals who are interested in applying for a microloan or would like to
discuss other farm loan programs available should contact their local FSA office
to set up an appointment with a loan official.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                August 21, 2007
                              Business Day Edition

Microloan borrowing shows seasonal dip

BYLINE: Regis Nyamakanga

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 369  words


Microloan borrowing shows seasonal dip

Financial Services Editor

MICROLOAN disbursements fell 7,2% in the quarter ended May, weighed down by a
sharp contraction in the value of loans by the retail sector, National Credit
Regulator (NCR) compliance division head Marlene Heymans said yesterday.

Heymans said loans fell by R630m from R8,83bn in the quarter ended February,
while the number of loans fell 3,5% from 4,81-million to 4,64-million.

The average size of loans disbursed decreased slightly from R1837 to R1767, she
said, attributing this to seasonal factors. Year on year, the disbursements rose
15,88% to R32bn from R28,67bn. The growth rate slowed significantly from the
year-on-year rate of 19% reported at the end of February. Year-on-year growth
for the quarter ending November last year was 22%, she said.

"Aggregate statistics for the quarter ending May from lenders registered under
the exemption notice indicated a slowdown in the growth for microloans. This
decline is seasonal in nature and is consistent with the pattern for the same
period in the previous year," she said.

Banks reported disbursements of R3,59bn, in line with those reported in the
February quarter. This was the net result of moderate growth from a mainstream
bank and "moderate consolidation of the remainder", she said.

The outstanding loan book was R14,63bn at the end of the quarter.

"Private companies reflected a 17,19% decrease in disbursements, from R3,86bn to
R3,20bn. The retail sector, which makes up a significant portion of private
companies, was the main contributor to the decline. The outstanding loan book of
the private companies was R13,38bn as at the end of May," she said.

Combined disbursements by closed corporations and trusts declined 3,7% to
R1,23bn with the average size of loans issued at R782. Disbursement by public
companies grew 7% to R25,2m. The average size of loans disbursed was R554.

Section 21 companies, also known as not-for-profit lenders, reported an increase
of 10,8% in disbursements from R58,9m to R65,2m. The growth was driven by a
large Section 21 company.

"More than 90% of the disbursements of Section 21 companies consist of loans to
small businesses, Heymans said.

The Bottom Line: Page 12

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    November 05, 2002 Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Monitoring microloans;
 Concerns about program well-founded

SECTION: EDITORIAL; IN OUR OPINION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



The concern expressed by several Worcester city councilors about the city's
8-year-old microloan program is well-founded. We urge the city administration to
address the issue.

The city development office has offered microloans since 1994 to help small
businesses -- most with little or no assets or experience -- get commercial
loans and create jobs. The program is usually the financing source of last
resort, since it finances projects most commercial banks would not consider.

Yet, the default rate warrants concern. The 27 microloans, totaling $551,382,
the city has funded, seven have been repaid in full; seven, totaling $87,384,
have defaulted. In the context of the $400 million-plus city budget, that may
not seem like much -- and defaults are common and expected in such a high-risk
program.

But at 26 percent, the default rate exceeds the state average of 16 percent to
20 percent. Even more troubling, none of the defaulted borrowers has paid back
even a penny of the loans, despite monthly billings and the terms of their
agreements with the city.

Also due for reconsideration is the practice of giving microloans to nonprofit,
community-based development organizations, which are not required to repay those
loans. These backdoor grants undercut the central mission of creating jobs by
nurturing entrepreneurship.

The program operates as a revolving account. If money is not repaid, officials
are unable to recycle it into loans for other projects. Scrutiny of why the
default rate at the program here has been significantly higher than those of
programs elsewhere is warranted.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 7, 2016 Sunday

Sun. 8/7 business briefs

BYLINE: Ray Scherer, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


Aug. 07--Study shows value of

$100 in Missouri

The Tax Foundation has released the findings of a review and map that depict how
much $100 is worth in each state.

In Missouri, that real value is placed $111.86, according to the foundation.
It's $110.25 in Kansas.

Prices for the same goods are often much cheaper in states such as Missouri or
Ohio than in states like New York or California.

"As a result, the same amount of cash can buy you comparatively more in a
low-price state than in a high-price state," the organization stated.

More information is available at taxfoundation.org.

IRS offers advice to those

affected by ITIN changes

The Internal Revenue Service on Thursday announced important changes to help
taxpayers comply with revisions to the Individual Taxpayer Identification Number
(ITIN) program created under a new law.

The changes require some taxpayers to renew their ITINs starting in October.

The new law means the identifications that have not been used on a federal tax
return at least once in the past three years will no longer be valid for use on
a tax return, unless renewed by the taxpayer.

Moreover, ITINs issued before 2013 that have been used on a federal tax return
in the last three years will have to be renewed starting in the fall.

The IRS is putting together a rolling renewal schedule to assist taxpayers.

Visit IRS.gov for more details.

SBA partners with nonprofit

to provide business microloans

The U.S. Small Business Administration and Grameen America on Wednesday
announced the renewal of a partnership to extend a capital pipeline to
underserved entrepreneurs.

Grameen is a nonprofit microfinance organization that has joined SBA's Microloan
Program as an intermediary lender recipient of $2.5 million.

Through SBA's support, Grameen America will launch the Business Expansion Loan.

In fiscal year 2015, SBA microloan intermediaries made 3,704 microloans for a
total of $52 million. About 85 percent of the loans went to minority business
owners. A year ago, SBA issued a new rule that allows individuals on probation
or parole to become eligible for an SBA small business microloan.

___ (c)2016 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160807-JM-Sun-8-7-business-briefs-0807-20160807

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2016 St. Joseph News-Press


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 21, 2013 Monday

Startup farm loans offered

BYLINE: D.E. Smoot, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 685 words


Jan. 21--Small-scale agricultural producers and those who want to get a new
operation off the ground could benefit from a new microloan program offered by
the U.S. Agriculture Department.

The program is designed to help small and family operations, beginning and
socially disadvantaged farmers. It offers a simplified loan application process
and a path toward financing for those who want to grow niche crops to sell
directly to ethnic markets and farmers' markets.

The program offers low-interest loans of up to $35,000 that could be used for
initial startup costs such as essential tools and equipment. Loan proceeds also
may be used for annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer,  marketing and
distribution.

Jack Carlile, a farm loan manager for the Farm Service Agency office in
Tahlequah, said the program's rules are "less restrictive" than those for loans
for established producers.

"This falls under the category of helping people get started where before they
might not have been able to qualify for assistance," Carlile said, noting that
the rules were finished just last week. "They (applicants) would have to have
some experience and a business plan, but it's going to help those people who
typically don't have a background in management get a project started and off
the ground."

Doug Walton, coordinator of the Muskogee County Turning Point Coalition's food
and fitness initiative, said the microloan program could be a boon for producers
who sell to farmers' markets and local or regional food cooperatives.

"It looks like this program will be a great opportunity for new farmers and
small-scale producers, who often lack the resources to initially get off the
ground," said Walton, who is also the assistant manager of the Muskogee Farmers'
Market. "The costs of equipment, supplies and structures needed to get started
can be quite expensive. A program like this could prove beneficial to those who
are interested in starting a small-scale operation."

Phil Estes, the Farm Service Agency's farm loan program chief in Stillwater,
said the agency funded the state's first microloan Friday and "several more are
in the pipeline." He said the new program is considered "high priority" because
it has the potential to spur renewed interest in farming and ranching.

"I think they realize we have some areas of agriculture that could benefit from
this type of support," Estes said. "We have the small truck farms that like to
sell to farmers' markets and small operators who may have just 20 or 30 goats --
we can get in there and help these types of operators."

The microloan approved Friday, Estes said, was for the purchase of a bull and 20
cows. He said the borrower's business plan is an example of the type of project
the microloan program is intended to benefit.

Estes said the agency expects borrowers to generate at least $1,000 a year in
agricultural-related income. At that level, a producer may be included on the
farm census and may be eligible for other programs designed to help producers
expand.

Both Estes and Walton said the program should also benefit farmers' markets and
food cooperatives. Walton said more local producers will "help strengthen the
local food infrastructure," giving consumers more options for healthy, fresh and
locally grown products.

Federal agriculture officials said a record amount of USDA farm loans have been
made through the Farm Service Agency since 2009: more than 128,000 loans
totaling nearly $18 billion. The federal agency has increased the number of
loans to beginning farmers and ranchers from 11,000 in 2008 to 15,000 in 2011.

More than 40 percent of USDA's farm loans now go to beginning farmers. In
addition, the USDA has increased its lending to socially disadvantaged producers
by nearly 50 percent since 2008.

Estes said potential borrowers should visit their county's Farm Service Agency.
Loans will be made first-come, first-served.

Reach D.E. Smoot at (918) 684-2901 or dsmoot@muskogeephoenix.com

___ (c)2013 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130121-XK-Startup-farm-loans-offered-0121-20130121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2013 Muskogee Phoenix


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           January 21, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Small loans fund is in demand;
FINANCE

BYLINE: ROBERT GIBSON

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 478 words


AFUND designed to support small businesses and startups that have been
struggling to secure mainstream finance has seen a strong 2015.

The Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund, managed by Rivers Capital
Partners, typically offers loans of between £1,000 and £25,000, although in
exceptional cases it has provided up to £50,000.

Since its inception in 2011, the initiative has supported a total of 438
businesses in the region, 40 of which have gone on to secure a second loan. More
than 1,200 jobs have either been created or safeguarded.

Last year the fund offered 117 deals with a total value of just over £1.8m.

The Microloan is part of the Finance for Business North East project, which is
part financed by the North East of England European Regional Development Fund
Programme 2007 to 2013.

One of the advantages it offers for start-ups looking to get off the ground and
small businesses looking to expand is that decisions on applications are made
quickly within a streamlined process.

Already, the fund has financed a wide variety of sectors from established steel
fabrication businesses such as Bowburn-based Masfab and Northumberland-based
Eminent Engineering to Middlesbrough-based virtual reality experts Spearhead
Interactive.

The fund has also helped aspiring businesses such as the Bishop Auckland-based
microbrewer Black Paw Brewery and Hartlepool's hot sauce manufacturer,
Kilimandjaro.

Furniture designer Dearden, in Middlesbrough, has also secured funding as has
Gateshead's Altin Coffee House.

Founded by John White, Jonathan Gold and Peter Hiscocks - all of whom have set
up and managed their own businesses - Rivers Capital Partners is an independent
venture capital management company.

To encourage emerging entrepreneurs, the company this year hosted a suite of
seminars in 2015 on issues connected with managing money and growing businesses,
the aim being to help those interested in seeking loan finance to approach
investors well prepared with understanding of cash flow and basic financial
strategies.

Fund manager Nikita Bazko said: "The North East Microloan Fund is recognised as
offering micro-loans to fund big ideas.

"It provides simple, affordable loans to small businesses in the region looking
for help to take their business to the next level.

"The continued surge of interest in the Microloan Fund this year, despite
economic difficulty, is evidence of the determination of North East
entrepreneurs.

"Would-be entrepreneurs and established businesspeople are showing more
confidence, and willingness to take risks starting or growing a venture."

Managing director Jonathan Gold said: "If you're a confident, inspired business,
you should have access to loans as it's still the most appropriate form of
finance for most businesses."

The continued surge of interest in the fund is evidence of the determination of
entrepreneurs hereNikita Bazko

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: <BThe team at Rivers Capital Partners, which manages the Finance for
Business North East Microloan Fund, which has supported hundreds of businesses
since 2011

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2016 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

Washington: SBA's Community Advantage Loan Program Recruits its 100th Lender

LENGTH: 438 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Small Business Administration Community Advantage (CA) Pilot Program
scored a major success as it recruited its 100th lender, surpassed $100 million
in lending for fiscal year 2015, and reached more than $220 million since the
program was created in 2011.





 Accion East, headquartered in New York City, was named as the 100th approved CA
lender. A community development financial institution and one of the most active
participants in SBA's Microloan Program, Accion East now has authority to make
guaranteed loans under SBA's flagship 7(a) program. .



 New York District Director Beth Goldberg also praised the designation and
pointed out that &ldquo;the strength of the Community Advantage Program is that
it allows mission lenders like Accion East the ability to better meet the
financing needs of small business clients that grow and thrive beyond
traditional microfinance levels.&rdquo; Lenders participating in SBA's Microloan
Program are able to make loans up to $50,000; with Community Advantage, lenders
can make SBA 7(a) guaranteed loans up to $250,000.



 &ldquo;Our decision to become a Community Advantage lender was motivated by our
desire to grow our mission of empowering low-to-moderate income business owners
with access to capital and advice.  We learned that approximately one in five of
our clients desires capital beyond a microloan, so the Community Advantage
program achieves an important next step in their growth plans,&rdquo; said Paul
Quintero, CEO of Accion East, Inc.



 Community Advantage started as a pilot loan program back in April, 2012 as part
of an SBA initiative to help revive the nation's stalled economy. The aim is to
expand access to lower dollar loans and lending in traditionally underserved
communities. Program participants are required to make at least 60 percent of CA
loans in underserved markets.  Since almost half of CA loans are for $100,000 or
less, this requirement ensures that the program reaches a segment of the small
business community that is often unable to secure financing from traditional
bank lenders.



 The 100 approved CA lenders come from 36 states and the District of Columbia,
and serve more than 45 states and territories. Fifty-two of those lenders, like
Accion East, also participate in SBA's Microloan Program. To date, lenders that
participate in both the Microloan and Community Advantage Programs have made
more than $100 million in Community Advantage loans.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Illinois: Mayor Emanuel's Microloan Initiative Grants $650K In New Microloans to
Over 80 Small Businesses

LENGTH: 676  words

DATELINE: Springfield


City of Chicago, The State of Illinois has issued the following news release:

Today, Mayor Rahm Emanuel and the Department of Business Affairs and Consumer
Protection (BACP) announced the latest progress update for the Chicago
Microlending Institute (CMI), launched by the City in May 2012 to train and
develop microlenders to expand small business financing in Chicago.  To date,
more than 80 small business owners have received $650,000 in loans, creating or
preserving approximately 350 jobs.

"Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, and I am committed to using
every available tool to support their development," said Mayor Rahm Emanuel.
"Expanding the availability of non-traditional financing like microloans will
open the door to more Chicagoans looking to open their own small businesses here
in the City."

The $650,000 in loans were made by Accion Chicago, the City's partner in
establishing the CMI, and the two new microlenders trained through the program:
the Women's Business Development Center and Chicago Neighborhood Initiatives
(CNI). BACP anticipates that the remaining $350,000 will be loaned out by
December 1, 2013.  Beneficiaries of the program represent the diversity of
Chicago's neighborhoods and business owners:  72% of borrowers were minorities,
58% were women-owned, and 62% had low-to-moderate incomes.

The City of Chicago launched the initiative by providing $1,000,000 in loan
capital while Citibank and the Searle Funds of The Chicago Community Trust
worked with Accion Chicago to establish the CMI and train new microlenders.
Micro loans are smaller loans not offered by traditional financial institutions
that serve as crucial financing tools for small business expansion and survival.

The loans provided through this program are sized to provide small businesses
with small but critical funding to support their growth, with 50% of loans
falling below $5,000 and 79% below $10,000.  Borrowers in the program report
that the microloans have made it possible for their businesses to expand to
second locations, fund new projects, and maintain or create 350 jobs in the City
to date.

"Securing my microloan was the tipping point in our financing that had the
double benefit of getting other investors on board and allowing us to have the
working capital to keep us on track," said Tim Coonan, Owner, Big Shoulders
Coffee Works. "The loan reenergized our passion for this business and our
commitment to opening in Chicago."

After being unable to secure loans from traditional institutions, Mae Whiteside
of Cheri K. Lewis Engineers connected with CNI through one of its affiliates,
the Chatham Business Association.  CNI provided Ms. Whiteside with a $15,600
loan to start work on three new roadway improvement projects.  One of these is
currently underway and the other two are expected to start soon.

"This loan saved three civil engineering jobs in the Roseland Heights
Community," said Ms. Whiteside, "It helped me purchase software licensing and
the plotters I needed to produce the roadway improvement plans."

"Sometimes all a business needs is a little cash infusion. It can make all the
difference to their success," said Zuli Turner, Owner, Flecks Coffee, "We had
unexpected plumbing work when doing our build-out that set us back in time and
money.  I don't know what we would have done without the loan, which we used to
purchase remaining equipment and inventory and provided a cash flow cushion. The
loan helped us get over the goal line and open."

The City announced this status report on the CMI initiative at the second
meeting of the Small Business Advisory Council (SBAC). The SBAC, appointed by
Mayor Emanuel in March, consists of local business leaders including
entrepreneurs, Chamber of Commerce leaders, representatives from other small
business agencies, and other leaders. The Council, headed by the Mayor's Chief
Small Business Officer Roxanne Nava, meets regularly to address the needs of
small business owners throughout the City.

For further information please visit: http://www.cityofchicago.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                      DFA

                           November 26, 2016 Saturday

Blow to consumers as court sets aside cap on lending rates

LENGTH: 567  words


The setting aside of the regulations that cap what microlenders can change you
is a "blow to consumers" and confirmation that the National Credit Regulator
(NCR) is "inept".

This is according to Clark Gardner, the chief executive of Summit Financial
Partners, who was commenting on the judgment handed down this week in the
Pretoria High Court in the matter between Micro Finance South Africa (MFSA) and
the Minister of Trade and Industry and the NCR.

Gardner is also the complainant in a case against the NCR and the National
Consumer Tribunal that is being investigated by the Public Protector, according
to information obtained by Personal Finance this week. He addressed Parliament's
portfolio committee on trade and industry yesterday on debt-relief measures.

This week's judgment stems from an urgent application brought by MFSA, which
represents about 500 individuals or companies that deal in microloans. MFSA
launched the application in response to regulations introduced in May that
slashed the maximum interest rate that microlenders can charge for short-term
credit agreements (or microloans). The National Credit Act (NCA) defines a
microloan as a "short-term credit agreement", which is a loan of up to
R8[#x202f]000 repayable within six months.

Before the regulations were issued earlier this year, microlenders could charge
interest of five percent a month, or an annualised rate of 60 percent, in
addition to an initiation fee, a monthly administration fee and credit life
insurance.

In terms of regulations under the NCA, the regulator "must" review the interest
rates and costs that can be levied on borrowers at intervals of no more than
three years and advise the Minister of Trade and Industry on any changes that
may be required. The regulator failed to do this: it reviewed the interest rates
and fees once in 10 years.

MFSA argued that, in light of the regulator's failure to review the rates and
fees regularly, microlenders were finding it increasingly difficult to do
business. And when the NCR did eventually review - and reduce - the rates, it
had the effect of bringing the microlending industry to its knees.

MFSA argued that, in reviewing the rates and fees, the minister and the
regulator failed to consider, among other things, conditions in the credit
market, the impact on low-income consumers, the cost of providing credit, and
the choice of credit available to consumers. Therefore, the decision to publish
the new regulations was reviewable in terms of the Promotion of Administrative
Justice Act.

Justice JW Louw agreed, stating that the minister and the NCR have not addressed
"in any meaningful way" the contention that the amended fees and interest rates
will lead to businesses closing and prevent those who need microloans from
accessing credit. And, apart from the regulator stating in general terms that
research was conducted, it did not provide evidence of how the research was
considered, the judge said.

The court's decision means that the cost of all microloans entered into after
the November 22 judgment must be in line with the previous regulations, the NCR
said yesterday.

Geordin Hill-Lewis, a member of the committee that oversees the NCR, agreed that
the judgment was a blow to consumers and said the DTI "must appeal" it.

DFA  1999 - 2016 Independent Newspapers (Pty) Limited. All rights strictly
reserved.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/392/1303/60/148023407563.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1303


             Copyright 2016 DFA Independent Newspaper (Pty) Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            January 22, 2013 Tuesday

Community notices

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 580 words


Seeking information

New Mexico State University is currently in the effort of crafting memorial bios
for each of the former students that died in the World War II. There was 126
former students that perished in defense of our nation and they are memorialized
on campus in the Aggie Memorial Tower.

One young man being researched is Richard Baker Hunt who was from the Pinos
Altos area. Unfortunately, the university has never had a photo of Hunt to
display. The long time registrar worked diligently but there were a few that
simply were not collected those many years ago. This is the last effort to
locate any surviving family members or photo that might exist of Hunt so that we
might properly memorialize him.

Hunt was a member of the famed 200th Coast Artillery and shipped to the
Philippines prior to the outbreak of the war. He endured combat, the death march
and years of brutal captivity only to die aboard the hell ship Arisan Maru when
it was torpedoed and sank in the South China Sea.

If you have any information about Hunt, please email Benjamin Woods,
bwoods@ad.nmsu.edu

Annual Wild and Scenic Film Fest On-Tour

The Gila Conservation Coalition presents the third annual Wild and Scenic Film
Fest On-Tour at 6:30 p.m. Feb. 2 at Silco Theater, 311 N. Bullard St. Doors open
at 6 p.m. Come see an incredible selection of short environmental films
featuring the best in filmmaking, cinematography and storytelling. Check out the
trailers, wildandscenicfilmfestival.org, from the featured films: Chasing Water,
an award-winning film about dewatering the once-mighty Colorado. A River Runs
Through Us, connecting our work on the Gila with global river activism. The Mono
Lake Story, a hopeful tale about how concerned citizens saved California s Mono
Lake.

Free raffle with great prizes from the local and national partners. Tickets are
$8 per person, $5 for GCC members, $15 for admission plus GCC membership.
Tickets can be purchased at the door or in advance at the Gila Conservation
Coalition.For information, call 575-538-8078.

Volunteers needed

The Volunteer Center is seeking volunteer help for upcoming projects at the new
Commons building. Projects will include indoor painting, caulking, and other
indoor/outdoor projects that may arise over the next several months.

To volunteer or for information, email director@tvcgrantcounty.org

USDA new microloan program

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced a new microloan program from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture designed to help small and family operations,
beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers secure loans under $35,000. The new
microloan program is aimed at bolstering the progress of producers through their
start-up years by providing needed resources and helping to increase equity so
that farmers may eventually graduate to commercial credit and expand their
operations. The microloan program will also provide a less burdensome, more
simplified application process in comparison to traditional farm loans.

USDA farm loans can be used to purchase land, livestock, equipment, feed, seed,
and supplies, or be to construct buildings or make farm improvements. Small
farmers often rely on credit cards or personal loans, which carry high interest
rates and have less flexible payment schedules, to finance their operations.
Expanding access to credit, USDA s microloan will provide a simple and flexible
loan process for small operations.

Producers interested in applying for a microloan, visit fsa.usda.gov/FSA.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                                  May 30, 1994

MICROLOAN PROGRAM WORKS DOUBLE FOR TRAVEL AGENCY

BYLINE: BARBARA MOONEY

SECTION: News; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 350 words


The first anniversary of Cleveland's microloan program is next month, and
already one small company has gotten a second loan.

JP Travel this month received a $20,000 loan that will allow the West Side
travel agency to invest in an electronic reservation system, said Clark Broida,
small business manager in the city's Economic Development Department. Mr. Broida
said the loan also will allow JP Travel to pay off the initial, $10,000 loan it
received last fall under the microloan program.

The arrangement is an example of how the microloan program is supposed to work,
Mr. Broida said. One purpose of the program is to give businesses money to get
off the ground and, if they fulfill their loan agreements, to support the
expansion of those businesses with larger loans.

''This business (JP Travel) proved itself over several months and needed the
money for collateral on a (reservation system) in order to continue to grow,"
Mr. Broida said.

JP Travel owner Joe Perez said the loan was processed through the city's
Minority Business Development Department and Society National Bank. He said it
will allow his agency to be ''fully recognized" by the airlines.

''With the (reservation system) license, I'll be able to get commissions and
bonuses from the airlines," he said.

Among the 11 other microloans the city awarded this month, three went to
start-up businesses. Prestige Aviation received a $20,000 loan to start a
private charter business that will fly a single, twin-engine airplane out of
Burke Lakefront Airport as of the middle of next month, said Marc Goldfarb,
president of the business.

Continental Calzone & Cheesecake got funds to start a carry-out restaurant in
the Broadway neighborhood, and EGP Media Inc. received a loan to start a public
relations agency at Shaker Square.

The city issued the other loans for business expansions, five of which were for
retail businesses. Other expansion loans went to Ade's Travel International, a
downtown travel agency, and Caver & Caver Landscaping, an East Side landscaper
that secured a loan to buy equipment.

LOAD-DATE: December 01, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1994 Crain Communications Inc.


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday

SELF wins 17th Best Practice award

BYLINE: Eric Schwartzberg, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


Feb. 19--A local partnership aimed at helping low and moderate income
individuals learn how to start a new business and provide the opportunity to
apply for small business loans recently was recognized for its efforts.

Supports to Encourage Low-income Families received a Best Practice award from
the John Glenn School of Public Affairs at the Ohio State University for the
Butler County Microenterprise & Microloan program.

The award, which was presented Jan. 30 at the Ohio Association of Community
Action Agencies Winter Legislative Conference, marks SELF's 20th Best Practice
award in its 17-year history.

The microenterprise and microloan program provides eight weeks of classroom
education that include business plan development, marketing strategy, financial
planning and hands-on management assistance. It culminates with the development
of a comprehensive business plan and the option to apply for a microloan of up
to $3,500.

The program, a partnership between SELF, BizTech Center and Neighborhood Housing
Service, allows each non-profit do what it does best, said Jeffrey Diver,
executive director for SELF, which serves the Butler County area and assisted
9,300 low-income families in 2012.

SELF received the award because of the partnership aspect of the microenterprise
and microloan program that sees three non-profits "working together for a common
purpose," Diver said.

"Since the program was launched in late 2011, we've had 65 individuals that have
enrolled through the microenterprise training," Diver said. "So far, 41 have
graduated, not including the current class of nine individuals."

In addition, two businesses have taken out loans and three are now processing
loan paperwork, Diver said.

"Fifteen new businesses have been launched since the program started and we
expect 15 more will be launching this year," he said. "The interest in the
program has really been tremendous."

Pamela Middlebrooks of Hamilton, who received a loan via the program for her
"Such As This & That" gift baskets business, said it's great that the program is
receiving high-profile recognition.

"If it wasn't for the fact that I went to them and went through their classes, I
would still probably be stumbling around," Middlebrooks said.

The school and OACAA developed the Best Practice Awards to honor innovative and
effective community action agency programs that measurably meet the needs of
clients, families and communities by helping low-income people become more
self-sufficient.

Philip Cole, executive director of OACAA, said the microenterprise and microloan
program is "a practice that other CAAs can learn from."

The next class session for the program starts May 1. For more information, call
513-820-5022.

___ (c)2013 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130219-HL-SELF-wins-17th-Best-Practice-award-0219-20130219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2013 The Journal-News


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                           November 24, 2005 Thursday

Tufts U. to Use $100-Million Gift to Make Microloans in Developing Countries

BYLINE: Paul Fain

SECTION: GIVING; Pg. 20 Vol. 18 No. 04

LENGTH: 705 words


Tufts University has received a $100-million gift, and plans to use the money in
an unusual way: to make small loans throughout the developing world.

The strategy is designed not only to yield good returns, but also to spur
economic growth in impoverished regions. The donation was made by Pierre
Omidyar, a Tufts alumnus, and his wife, Pam. He is the co-founder and CEO of
eBay, the online auction house.

Lawrence S. Bacow, president of Tufts, said the university would "help to
establish this investment sector" by proving that microloans   which previously
have been distributed mostly for philanthropic purposes   can bring significant
money to the university.

"It's our hope that, by demonstrating what the real returns are in this field,
we'll encourage others," said Mr. Bacow, a lawyer and economist. The idea, he
said, is "to do well by doing good."

Tufts received and immediately liquidated $100-million in shares of eBay stock.

The money will be managed as part of the endowment, with half of the income from
the microloans going to the university to support financial aid, scholarships,
and other programs. The other half of the income will be reinvested in the
endowment, which was valued at $880-million as of June 30.

Helping Poor Women

The microfinance model that Tufts plans to follow involves loans of about $600
over a three-month period, usually made to female heads of households. Tufts
will charge interest on the loans.

Sally M. Dungan, Tufts's chief investment officer, said the university would
make the loans in Central and South America, Africa, India, and elsewhere in
Asia.

She cited the hypothetical case of a mother who owned one goat that helped to
feed her family. With a small loan, she could buy a second goat and then breed
goats and sell the milk.

In areas of the developing world where people make $1 per day, it's not hard to
"double your income," Ms. Dungan said.

Because of the short terms of the loans, Ms. Dungan said, Tufts would be able to
lend each dollar four times per year, and also to borrow additional money on the
balance several times per year, leveraging as much as $1-billion in loans on an
annual basis from the $100-million.

According to a study by the Consultative Group to Assist the Poor, a
Washington-based consortium that works to expand financial services in
developing countries, the average microloan carries a 5.7-percent interest rate.

Ms. Dungan said the university had already started to look at investments with
the gift and hoped to lend the entire $100-million within three years.

The university, which has hired one staff member to help manage the money, plans
to work with established service providers that assist in microloans, such as
Deutsche Bank and MicroVest, as well as with microfinance firms at the ground
level in developing countries.

Eventually, Mr. Bacow said, Tufts students could help oversee the loans.

Ms. Dungan said she was not aware of another university that had "put this kind
of focus" on microfinance.

Avant-Garde Strategy

The largest university endowments are well known for being at the cutting edge
in asset allocation and growth. For example, by investing ahead of the curve in
hedge funds and venture-capital funds, Yale University built a $15-billion
endowment that has long been the envy of the investment industry. Ms. Dungan
said university endowments had also been at the forefront of investing in
emerging and "frontier" markets, such as Iraq.

Tufts's stated approach to microfinance is avant-garde in that the bulk of
investment in the sector has always been altruistic, with a secondary concern
for returns. However, that will not be the case for Tufts's foray into
microloans.

"Tufts is not in the business of philanthropy for others," said Mr. Bacow.

The gift was originally the idea of Mr. Omidyar, Tufts officials said. Mr.
Omidyar, who graduated from Tufts in 1988 and began eBay in 1995, wants Tufts to
imprint its successful approach to endowment management on the microfinance
sector, Ms. Dungan said. As an early entrant into the field, she said, Tufts
will focus on proving that the loans are good investments.

"We need to make this work," Ms. Dungan said, given that Tufts has an
"opportunity to be in the forefront of a market."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                               May 3, 2015 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

SBA leaders says Buffalo is region well served Ferit lamust, ut doluptio

SECTION: G,G; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 965 words


Kellie LeDet has learned a lot about the Small Business Administration since she
was named regional administrator last July - like, how its Buffalo office
handles harsh weather.

When the November snowstorms struck last year, LeDet was in Puerto Rico on a
trip for her job. Early in the morning, she called the Buffalo district
director, Franklin J. Sciortino, to tell him he she had seen the stunning TV
weather reports and that he didn't need to report to work. "I'm already at
work," Sciortino said.

LeDet laughs at that story. But on a more serious note, she says Sciortino,
deputy district director Victoria Reynolds and officials from other districts in
her SBA Region II have taught her how the agency is helping small businesses get
started or expand. Her territory, which is headquartered in New York City, is
vast. She oversees SBA operations in New York State, New Jersey, Puerto Rico and
the U.S. Virgin Islands.

For someone trying to learn what makes an area tick, Sciortino is an expert
guide. He is celebrating 50 years with the agency this year; LeDet calls him a
"giant in SBA."

LeDet, a New Jersey native, hosts weekly Monday conference calls with her
district directors. She likes to ask them, "How are we going to rock the region
this week?" and get the discussion flowing.

Prior to joining SBA, LeDet spent more than 20 years working in federal and
state government and private industry. She visited Buffalo recently to meet with
small businesses and to present Sciortino with his 50-year service pin:

Q: How does the Buffalo office stand out in the big territory you oversee?

A: With this particular district office, Frank has allowed me to see the
evolving of downtown Buffalo, and some of the thoughts, the ideas, bringing
together the economic development partners, the industrial development partners.
So how do they stand out? I think there's just that enthusiasm, that robust
desire to keep doing what they're doing.

I think what else stands out is - not that any of the offices complain, and they
really don't - this office says, 'We'll figure out how to make it work, we'll
figure out how to get it done.'

On a personal note, what stands out is the 50-year employee, that (Sciortino) is
a legacy here. ... He could have gone off and started his own business with all
those that he helped in the past. But this is that important for him, to enjoy
what he's doing and continue to see people grow, companies grow, as he's
pointing out this company and that company.

Q: What is the lending climate like for the smaller companies? Are they taking
advantage of opportunities to borrow money?

A: I do see they're taking advantage, and it's up to us to make sure we're
getting out there to those smaller businesses. But it's also making sure we're
bringing in those lending partners who are willing to extend that microloan.

That microloan is the loan that makes the difference of night and day. ... One
of the things that the SBA administrator [Maria Contreras-Sweet] has said is,
let's find those that want to make those microloans.

She's a co-founder of a bank, and she tells a really, really great story which
is, she had to go to people she knew she would compete against to ask them for
money to start her own bank, because what she was seeing was the small
businesses needed the microloans, but they weren't being loaned the microloans.

So when she came to the SBA, these were some of the things that she initiated.
... We just signed a memorandum of understanding with three agencies that
represent credit unions. If we can get just 1,000 of the 6,600 federally insured
credit unions to lend just 10 loans apiece of $50,000, that increases small
business lending by half a billion dollars.

That is incredibly significant. So the goal is to go out and educate those that
are looking to start their businesses, grow their businesses, working with the
resource partners and making sure that we have those lenders that are coming to
the table.

Q: How is the SBA trying to connect with small businesses?

A: We do different events to help the small business owner. The (Buffalo
Business) Matchmaker event is an opportunity for small business owners to meet
with federal, local and state contractor agencies. Last year, I learned that
(Buffalo) had one with 350 small business owners with 50 contracting agencies.
Three hundred and fifty small business owners is no easy feat to get together.

There's a great success story that goes with that. There's a gentleman by the
name of Kamal Jowdy. He went to a Matchmaker event six years ago. His company is
Delft Printing, and the company that he contracted with is Dresser-Rand. Six
years later, still receiving contracts, and he's already registered for a
seventh Matchmaker event (in May).

This shows the impact and the benefit of attending a Matchmaker event. ...
(Jowdy) has not said, 'Oh, I went to one, that's good enough.'

Q: The SBA has a new effort called Leveraging Information and Networks to Access
Capital, to connect lenders with small businesses. How is that working?

A: That's something fairly new. LINC matches the small businesses to lenders.
And if someone is interested in lending to that small business, within 48 hours
they will get a response. This is great because then they have that sort of
online business relationship.

Q: How much travel do you do for your job?

A: I like to travel quite a bit. ... I like to get out to the district offices
to see what they're doing, and it's not cookie cutter. ... You're dealing with
experts, and the good news is, in the Syracuse office and the Buffalo office,
you have seasoned executives. But they're humble enough not to think, 'I don't
want to take the time to educate this woman on what we're doing here.'

email: mglynn@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                               May 3, 2015 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Connecting small businesses with loans, and finding willing lenders

SECTION: G,G; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 958 words


Kellie LeDet has learned a lot about the Small Business Administration since she
was named regional administrator last July - like, how its Buffalo office
handles harsh weather.

When the November snowstorms struck last year, LeDet was in Puerto Rico on a
trip for her job. Early in the morning, she called the Buffalo district
director, Franklin J. Sciortino, to tell him he she had seen the stunning TV
weather reports and that he didn't need to report to work. "I'm already at
work," Sciortino said.

LeDet laughs at that story. But on a more serious note, she says Sciortino,
deputy district director Victoria Reynolds and officials from other districts in
her SBA Region II have taught her how the agency is helping small businesses get
started or expand. Her territory, which is headquartered in New York City, is
vast. She oversees SBA operations in New York State, New Jersey, Puerto Rico and
the U.S. Virgin Islands.

For someone trying to learn what makes an area tick, Sciortino is an expert
guide. He is celebrating 50 years with the agency this year; LeDet calls him a
"giant in SBA."

LeDet, a New Jersey native, hosts weekly Monday conference calls with her
district directors. She likes to ask them, "How are we going to rock the region
this week?" and get the discussion flowing.

Prior to joining SBA, LeDet spent more than 20 years working in federal and
state government and private industry. She visited Buffalo recently to meet with
small businesses and to present Sciortino with his 50-year service pin:

Q: How does the Buffalo office stand out in the big territory you oversee?

A: With this particular district office, Frank has allowed me to see the
evolving of downtown Buffalo, and some of the thoughts, the ideas, bringing
together the economic development partners, the industrial development partners.
So how do they stand out? I think there's just that enthusiasm, that robust
desire to keep doing what they're doing.

I think what else stands out is - not that any of the offices complain, and they
really don't - this office says, 'We'll figure out how to make it work, we'll
figure out how to get it done.'

On a personal note, what stands out is the 50-year employee, that (Sciortino) is
a legacy here. ... He could have gone off and started his own business with all
those that he helped in the past. But this is that important for him, to enjoy
what he's doing and continue to see people grow, companies grow, as he's
pointing out this company and that company.

Q: What is the lending climate like for the smaller companies? Are they taking
advantage of opportunities to borrow money?

A: I do see they're taking advantage, and it's up to us to make sure we're
getting out there to those smaller businesses. But it's also making sure we're
bringing in those lending partners who are willing to extend that microloan.

That microloan is the loan that makes the difference of night and day. ... One
of the things that the SBA administrator [Maria Contreras-Sweet] has said is,
let's find those that want to make those microloans.

She's a co-founder of a bank, and she tells a really, really great story which
is, she had to go to people she knew she would compete against to ask them for
money to start her own bank, because what she was seeing was the small
businesses needed the microloans, but they weren't being loaned the microloans.

So when she came to the SBA, these were some of the things that she initiated.
... We just signed a memorandum of understanding with three agencies that
represent credit unions. If we can get just 1,000 of the 6,600 federally insured
credit unions to lend just 10 loans apiece of $50,000, that increases small
business lending by half a billion dollars.

That is incredibly significant. So the goal is to go out and educate those that
are looking to start their businesses, grow their businesses, working with the
resource partners and making sure that we have those lenders that are coming to
the table.

Q: How is the SBA trying to connect with small businesses?

A: We do different events to help the small business owner. The (Buffalo
Business) Matchmaker event is an opportunity for small business owners to meet
with federal, local and state contractor agencies. Last year, I learned that
(Buffalo) had one with 350 small business owners with 50 contracting agencies.
Three hundred and fifty small business owners is no easy feat to get together.

There's a great success story that goes with that. There's a gentleman by the
name of Kamal Jowdy. He went to a Matchmaker event six years ago. His company is
Delft Printing, and the company that he contracted with is Dresser-Rand. Six
years later, still receiving contracts, and he's already registered for a
seventh Matchmaker event (in May).

This shows the impact and the benefit of attending a Matchmaker event. ...
(Jowdy) has not said, 'Oh, I went to one, that's good enough.'

Q: The SBA has a new effort called Leveraging Information and Networks to Access
Capital, to connect lenders with small businesses. How is that working?

A: That's something fairly new. LINC matches the small businesses to lenders.
And if someone is interested in lending to that small business, within 48 hours
they will get a response. This is great because then they have that sort of
online business relationship.

Q: How much travel do you do for your job?

A: I like to travel quite a bit. ... I like to get out to the district offices
to see what they're doing, and it's not cookie cutter. ... You're dealing with
experts, and the good news is, in the Syracuse office and the Buffalo office,
you have seasoned executives. But they're humble enough not to think, 'I don't
want to take the time to educate this woman on what we're doing here.'

email: mglynn@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 27, 2005 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Tiny Loans Stimulate The Appetite for More

BYLINE: By BETSY CUMMINGS

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; SMALL BUSINESS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1435 words


It used to be that a $50 microloan to start an embroidery kiosk or other modest
enterprise was a gateway out of poverty for women in poor countries. Now, some
of them are telling aid groups that that is no longer enough. Rather, they want
serious money -- in some cases, several thousand dollars -- to build small
businesses, hire employees and establish themselves in a developing marketplace.

After almost three decades, the microloan movement has created a global network
of tens of millions of female entrepreneurs and, just as important, a growing
subclass of highly sophisticated businesswomen who are collectively helping to
lift their nations out of poverty.

As the number of these new entrepreneurs expands, their demand for more capital
is prodding microloan companies to rethink the size of their financing packages.
Where seven years ago the Asian Credit Fund, a lending institution in Kazakhstan
created by the American humanitarian agency Mercy Corps, offered mostly $40
loans, today borrowers can receive up to $10,000 -- enough to rent office space,
hire a staff, purchase equipment and otherwise expand their operations.

''What started as a microfinance institution is starting to move into small and
medium loans'' purely out of market demand, said Nancy Lindborg, president of
the Washington office of Mercy Corps. In Kazakhstan, 67 percent of the Asian
Credit Fund's borrowers are women.

In Mongolia, XacBank, a similarly expanding lending venture also established by
Mercy Corps, helped one woman to expand her bakery from a $100 enterprise into a
$75,000 operation with 37 employees in an eight-room building that operates 24
hours a day. XacBank gave her a series of loans of increasing size, starting
with $2,000 in 2001 and, most recently, $24,000.

Figures for worldwide microloans vary widely, from 70 million to 750 million
outstanding, said Christina Barrineau, chief technical adviser for the
International Year of Microcredit 2005, a United Nations initiative to expand
microfinancing opportunities.

Whatever the figure, 28 years after the Grameen Bank of Bangladesh helped start
the microloan movement in the mid-1970's, the number of entrepreneurs in poor
countries is huge, perhaps accounting for nearly 7 in every 10 adults. The
Global Entrepreneurship Monitor, an annual study released this month by Babson
College and the London Business School, reported 73 million of 784 million
people surveyed in 34 countries were the owners of a new business.

And most of them are women. ''You can say that microfinancing is now reaching 80
million families, 90 percent of the borrowers being women, and that's just the
tip of the iceberg in terms of demand,'' said Alex Counts, president of Grameen
Foundation USA, a microfinance organization in Washington and an arm of the
Grameen Bank.

While microloans have long been a strategy to alleviate destitution among women,
many of them widows with no source of income, they also have the broader purpose
of pumping up local economies ''by helping to support a vibrant, small-business
sector,'' Ms. Lindborg said.

Not all that much money is available for the new wave of miniloans of hundreds
or thousands of dollars, as opposed to microloans of $100 or less. Grameen Bank,
which has so far made loans to 3.7 million borrowers across the globe, 96
percent of them women, has increased the size of some of them, Mr. Counts said.

The problem is that social service agencies often assume their job is done if
they help poor women create thriving, if tiny, businesses, he said. But to
assure steady, continued growth, larger, more sophisticated businesses must be
formed, he said, and many aid organizations are not set up to finance them.

For many impoverished women, like the 11 percent of female entrepreneurs in
Kabul, Afghanistan, who are war widows, starting a business is their only hope
for survival. But it can be extremely difficult for them to tap into outside
financing to expand them from their rudimentary beginnings.

Of the few banks established in Kabul, for example, ''none of them are
lending,'' said Katrin Fakiri-Wardak, managing director of Parwaz, a Kabul-based
microfinancing company. Some larger loans from international organizations have
a nine-month application process, she said, and ''most loans by family members
are limiting because they don't have that much money.''

Cultural biases often hold women back from the entrepreneurial path. A lot of
private agencies, known in the aid community as nongovernmental organizations,
or NGO's, sometimes restrict the help they are willing to give to women. ''A lot
of NGO's have a very strong, faith-based perspective and they may have a
particular slant on what's appropriate for women to do, which may shape what
they help women go into,'' Ms. Barrineau said.

On top of that, female entrepreneurs who do find outside capital sometimes
pursue self-defeating business strategies, like spreading the money over several
microbusinesses rather than concentrating on one.

''Seventy to 80 percent of the world's poor are running very basic businesses as
a survival mechanism,'' Mr. Counts said. But those basic businesses are less
likely to generate substantial growth.

In some rural areas, a combination of cultural constraints, lack of financing,
transportation and basic supplies make starting a business an almost impossible
dream for women. And in cities like Kabul, while starting a microbusiness can be
relatively easy for women, taking it to the next level can be a daunting task.

But it can be done. In the final days of Taliban rule of Afghanistan, Kamela
Sediqi was able to squeeze out a modest income from a small tailoring business
in her home with the help of her family, including a brother who could serve as
a male front. She even managed to hire several other women to sew clothes in
neighboring homes. But there was a limit to her expansion, and a limit as well
to her desire to continue in the tailoring business.

Now, after the war and under a new government, Ms. Sediqi runs the New Pimar
Construction Company, a growing venture of 250 women that has secured a few
public works projects.

By any Afghani's standards, that would be a small-business success story. But
Ms. Sediqi, 28, who recently visited the United States to take part in a
business-training program, said she was just getting started. There is only one
problem: She cannot secure a loan to expand her company, despite its steady
growth into a profitable business that generates $28,000 a year in revenue.

In 2004, Ms. Sediqi secured three building projects, including a dam and
buildings on an ox farm. But her goal is to land 10 jobs a year and triple her
annual income. To do that, she said, she needs $70,000 to purchase necessary
machinery -- a gargantuan sum in a country where the average annual income is
less than $200. So far, she can find no financial backers.

''More women want sophisticated businesses,'' said Ms. Sediqi, who started her
tailoring business in 1996 with about $100, and her construction company three
years ago with $50,000 that she had painstakingly saved from her tailoring
business. ''They have good ideas, but a lot of family problems'' -- meaning
opposition from tradition-minded male relatives -- in addition to financial
hurdles, she said.

Ms. Sediqi recently completed the training program, Project Artemis, at
Thunderbird, the Garvin School of International Management in Phoenix, a pilot
program meant to help Afghanistan's female entrepreneurs learn to market their
services better and become more shrewd entrepreneurs.

''There is so much drive and desire to learn'' entrepreneurial skills in
Afghanistan, said Ruxandra Boros, a consultant in Afghanistan with the
International Labor Organization, part of the United Nations. But the training
for women is generally absent.

Many loan programs do not take into account the ability of women to spin the
experience of these homegrown businesses into something larger. That is a missed
opportunity, experts say, since women have a nearly 100 percent repayment record
on microloans. That success has helped organizations like Grameen Foundation USA
to expand its budget from $100,000 in 1997 to $11 million today.

Last August, Mr. Counts of the foundation visited a woman in India who, through
a $50 starter loan, had expanded her 20-chicken farm to one with more than 500
chickens. Her borrowing power has risen to accommodate a $2,000 loan, a huge sum
in her community. The success of some of these women, Mr. Counts said, is the
''equivalent of Steve Jobs inventing a computer in his garage.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 10, 2005



CORRECTION: An article in Business Day on Jan. 27 about lending institutions
that provide microloans to entrepreneurs in Asia referred incompletely to the
origin of one such bank. XACBank in Mongolia was started in 1998 as XAC by two
development agencies at the United Nations, not by Mercy Corps. A merger in 2002
changed the name to XACBank and made Mercy Corps the largest shareholder.



GRAPHIC: Photo: Bangladeshi women gathered at a home in Dhaka recently to pay
installments on microloans they received from Grameen Bank, which was founded to
help the poor become small-business owners. (Photo by Rafiqur Rahman/Reuters)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

SBA and City to invest over $750K in Chicago's South Side

LENGTH: 494  words


Washington, D.C.: US Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet was
in Chicago today at Ain't She Sweet Café (526 E. 43rd Street) to announce the
latest federally-approved microlender serving Chicago's South Side--Chicago
Neighborhood Initiative (CNI). In honor of MLK National Day of Service and
commitment to our communities, SBA and the City of Chicago will invest over
$750,000 to significantly expand financial opportunities for local businesses
and to create new jobs on the south side. This funding will quadruple its
existing capacity to finance and counsel small businesses and new startups.

"Chicago has created an outstanding micro lending model that we expect other
municipalities to replicate. I commend CNI's Microfinance Group for joining the
SBA network, allowing them to access the maximum amount of $750,000 in low
interest capital from SBA each year," says Contreras-Sweet. "CNI will play a
vital role in meeting the needs of businesses in predominantly African-American
neighborhoods".

The SBA and the City's financial support will further address the need for small
businesses in underserved communities to gain access to capital and successfully
grow their communities. As a result of the City's commitment to microlending
over the last couple of years, $1.6 million in loans has been distributed to 179
businesses and the program continues to support more small businesses as
repayments are made. In 2014, SBA microlenders issued 3,919 loans totaling more
than $55 million to infuse capital into underserved communities around the
country.

About SBA's Microloan Program

SBA facilitates access to capital, counseling and contracting opportunities to
the nation's 28 million small businesses. SBA's Microloan program provides loans
up to $50,000 to help small businesses and certain not-for-profit childcare
centers start up and expand. The average microloan is about $13,000. SBA
provides funds to specially designated intermediary lenders, which are nonprofit
community-based organizations with experience in lending as well as management
and technical assistance. These intermediaries administer the Microloan program
for eligible borrowers. Microloans can be used for: working capital, inventory
or supplies, furniture or fixtures, and machinery or equipment.

About Chicago Neighborhood Initiative

The Chicago Neighborhood Initiative is a not-for-profit community development
entity dedicated to improve the quality of life for low-to moderate income
communities in Chicago through economic development.  CNI launched in October of
2012, following acceptance into the Chicago Microlending Institute (CMI) a
consortium of micro lenders trained by Accion Chicago to increase small business
lending activity in the City of Chicago.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

SBA and City to invest over $750K in Chicago's South Side

LENGTH: 494  words


Washington, D.C.: US Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet was
in Chicago today at Ain't She Sweet Café (526 E. 43rd Street) to announce the
latest federally-approved microlender serving Chicago's South Side--Chicago
Neighborhood Initiative (CNI). In honor of MLK National Day of Service and
commitment to our communities, SBA and the City of Chicago will invest over
$750,000 to significantly expand financial opportunities for local businesses
and to create new jobs on the south side. This funding will quadruple its
existing capacity to finance and counsel small businesses and new startups.

"Chicago has created an outstanding micro lending model that we expect other
municipalities to replicate. I commend CNI's Microfinance Group for joining the
SBA network, allowing them to access the maximum amount of $750,000 in low
interest capital from SBA each year," says Contreras-Sweet. "CNI will play a
vital role in meeting the needs of businesses in predominantly African-American
neighborhoods".

The SBA and the City's financial support will further address the need for small
businesses in underserved communities to gain access to capital and successfully
grow their communities. As a result of the City's commitment to microlending
over the last couple of years, $1.6 million in loans has been distributed to 179
businesses and the program continues to support more small businesses as
repayments are made. In 2014, SBA microlenders issued 3,919 loans totaling more
than $55 million to infuse capital into underserved communities around the
country.

About SBA's Microloan Program

SBA facilitates access to capital, counseling and contracting opportunities to
the nation's 28 million small businesses. SBA's Microloan program provides loans
up to $50,000 to help small businesses and certain not-for-profit childcare
centers start up and expand. The average microloan is about $13,000. SBA
provides funds to specially designated intermediary lenders, which are nonprofit
community-based organizations with experience in lending as well as management
and technical assistance. These intermediaries administer the Microloan program
for eligible borrowers. Microloans can be used for: working capital, inventory
or supplies, furniture or fixtures, and machinery or equipment.

About Chicago Neighborhood Initiative

The Chicago Neighborhood Initiative is a not-for-profit community development
entity dedicated to improve the quality of life for low-to moderate income
communities in Chicago through economic development.  CNI launched in October of
2012, following acceptance into the Chicago Microlending Institute (CMI) a
consortium of micro lenders trained by Accion Chicago to increase small business
lending activity in the City of Chicago.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

Microloan programs arrive at UMBC, Loyola

BYLINE: Alissa Gulin

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 448  words


The University of Maryland, Baltimore County and the business school at Loyola
University Maryland have each received a $25,000 grant to launch microloan
programs affiliated with Kiva, a nonprofit that provides loans around the world.

Baltimore-based OneMain Financial provided the grants to enable UMBC and
Loyola's Sellinger School of Business and Management to launch the programs,
which will be the state's first two formally designated chapters of Kiva U --
the division of Kiva that engages students and educators.

Students who participate in the Kiva U chapters will learn about the impact of
microloans on impoverished communities and will work with faculty to issue small
loans to people in their surrounding communities and internationally.

At UMBC, the Kiva U chapter is being launched in conjunction with
BreakingGround, the university's civic engagement initiative, which involves
courses and community activities.

Students will work with faculty and staff in UMBC's Shriver Center, which
organizes community service and applied learning programs, to create marketing
strategies that encourage campus groups and university partners to participate
in the microfinance efforts.

Their goal is to award the first round of loans, as many as 10 microloans, in
the spring of 2015.

The loans will be awarded through the online Kiva platform.

Students in Loyola's Kiva U chapter will make some international loans but will
focus on awarding loans to entrepreneurs and organizations along the York Road
corridor in Baltimore, in keeping with the university's commitment to its
neighborhood.

Loyola launched the York Road Initiative in 2008 to improve the quality of life
for people living, working and attending school in the area.

"Kiva micro loans, facilitated by our students, give someone a chance to grow a
small idea a little bigger," Karyl B. Leggio, a finance professor at Loyola,
said in a statement. "It also tells them that someone believes in their idea and
is willing to invest in them. "

The Kiva U initiative was launched in partnership with Citigroup Inc., which
owns OneMain Financial (formerly CitiFinancial).

Sheldon Caplis, the community relations director for OneMain Financial, said in
a statement that the company wants to help students understand the value of
microfinance and "give them new tools to help shape their philanthropic values.
"

"These campus lending chapters will empower students to be responsible for
important funding decisions and bring their entrepreneurial energy to low and
moderate income communities," Caplis said.

http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday

World's poor gets financial aid

SECTION: Pg. S4/4

LENGTH: 475 words


More than 106 million of the world's poorest families received a microloan in
2007, surpassing a goal set 10 years earlier, according to a report released
today by the Microcredit Summit Campaign.

Microloans are used to help people living in extreme poverty start or expand a
range of tiny businesses such as husking rice, selling tortillas, and delivering
cell phone services to remote villages.

"This is a tremendous achievement that many people thought was far too difficult
to reach," said Nobel Peace Prize laureate and Grameen Bank founder Muhammad
Yunus who was present for the announcement.

"What makes it even more remarkable is that loans to more than 100 million very
poor families now touch the lives of more than half a billion family members
around the world. That is half of the world's poorest people."

Organizers say that when the goal was originally set in 1997, fewer than eight
million very poor clients had a microloan. That number has grown by more than
1,300% between 1997 and 2007.

In 2007, microloans went to 88 million very poor women.

The Microcredit Summit Campaign counts the world's poorest as those who live in
the bottom half of those living below their nation's poverty line, or any of the
nearly one billion people living on less than $1 a day.

"During the past decade the Campaign has organized 12 conferences attended by
more than 14,000 delegates in order to examine trends, debate scholarly papers,
and expose practitioners to training and innovations that are relevant to
accelerating progress towards expanding outreach to the very poor," said Alex
Counts, president and chief executive officer of Grameen Foundation.

TSPI Development Corp., a pioneer in microfinance in the Philippines, started
financing 20 projects in its first year of operations in 1980. These projects,
worth $43,000, generated employment to 94 poor Filipinos.

As of December 2008, or after 27 years, TSPI's client outreach has grown to
328,965 members, impacting the lives of no less than 1.3 million Filipino poor.

Over the years, TSPI has progressed towards the adoption of a wholistic approach
to help eradicate poverty as its lifetime mission.

TSPI engages itself in programs, products, projects and services that include
delivering the poor from the clutches of social injustices.

Housing, legal assistance, health care, education, sanitation particularly
improvement of toilets, and micro-insurance are very much a part of TSPI's
strategy to directly address poverty.

Of 328,965 members, 200,000 gave availed of microloans to finance start-up or
existing livelihood, including the financing of high-risk loans such as
livestock raising and rice farming.

About 128,965 of these members availed purely of micro-insurance services that
indemnify their families of a financial assistance in case of death, accident
and the risk of business failures.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday

World's poor gets financial aid

SECTION: Pg. S4/4

LENGTH: 475 words


More than 106 million of the world's poorest families received a microloan in
2007, surpassing a goal set 10 years earlier, according to a report released
today by the Microcredit Summit Campaign.

Microloans are used to help people living in extreme poverty start or expand a
range of tiny businesses such as husking rice, selling tortillas, and delivering
cell phone services to remote villages.

"This is a tremendous achievement that many people thought was far too difficult
to reach," said Nobel Peace Prize laureate and Grameen Bank founder Muhammad
Yunus who was present for the announcement.

"What makes it even more remarkable is that loans to more than 100 million very
poor families now touch the lives of more than half a billion family members
around the world. That is half of the world's poorest people."

Organizers say that when the goal was originally set in 1997, fewer than eight
million very poor clients had a microloan. That number has grown by more than
1,300% between 1997 and 2007.

In 2007, microloans went to 88 million very poor women.

The Microcredit Summit Campaign counts the world's poorest as those who live in
the bottom half of those living below their nation's poverty line, or any of the
nearly one billion people living on less than $1 a day.

"During the past decade the Campaign has organized 12 conferences attended by
more than 14,000 delegates in order to examine trends, debate scholarly papers,
and expose practitioners to training and innovations that are relevant to
accelerating progress towards expanding outreach to the very poor," said Alex
Counts, president and chief executive officer of Grameen Foundation.

TSPI Development Corp., a pioneer in microfinance in the Philippines, started
financing 20 projects in its first year of operations in 1980. These projects,
worth $43,000, generated employment to 94 poor Filipinos.

As of December 2008, or after 27 years, TSPI's client outreach has grown to
328,965 members, impacting the lives of no less than 1.3 million Filipino poor.

Over the years, TSPI has progressed towards the adoption of a wholistic approach
to help eradicate poverty as its lifetime mission.

TSPI engages itself in programs, products, projects and services that include
delivering the poor from the clutches of social injustices.

Housing, legal assistance, health care, education, sanitation particularly
improvement of toilets, and micro-insurance are very much a part of TSPI's
strategy to directly address poverty.

Of 328,965 members, 200,000 gave availed of microloans to finance start-up or
existing livelihood, including the financing of high-risk loans such as
livestock raising and rice farming.

About 128,965 of these members availed purely of micro-insurance services that
indemnify their families of a financial assistance in case of death, accident
and the risk of business failures.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           November 14, 2009 Saturday
                                  All Editions

HOW THEY VOTED: MAINE'S CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATION, NOV. 6-12, 2009;
House considers health care reform, abortion coverage

SECTION: Pg. A8

LENGTH: 916 words


House Votes

Democratic Reps. Michael Michaud and Chellie Pingree

Vote 1: Congratulating the New York Yankees on their baseball title: The House
approved a resolution (HRes 893) sponsored by Rep. Jose Serrano, D-N.Y.,
congratulating the New York Yankees on winning the 2009 World Series. Proponents
said "this team came together and played as a true organization and a true
institution." The vote, on Nov. 5, was 386 yeas to 17 nays.

YEAS: Michaud, Pingree

Vote 2: Chemical facility anti-terrorism: The House approved the Chemical
Facility Anti-Terrorism Act (HR 2868), sponsored by Rep. Bennie Thompson,
D-Miss. Proponents said the legislation would "authorize reasonable, risk-based
security standards for chemical facilities" and would address widespread concern
that chemical plants may be ideal terrorist targets. Opponents said, "It is
going to create confusion and undue cost," including the loss of jobs, and added
the opinion that the current law is working fine as it is. The vote, on Nov. 5,
was 230 yeas to 193 nays.

YEAS: Michaud, Pingree

Vote 3: Improving microloan program: The House passed the Small Business
Microlending Expansion Act (HR 3737), sponsored by Rep. Brad Ellsworth, D-Ind.
The legislation would improve the Small Business Administration's microloan
program, which provides small-scale loans to startup, newly established or
growing small businesses for working capital or the acquisition of materials,
supplies or equipment. Proponents said, "The microloan program helps
entrepreneurs secure the startup capital they need to get new ventures off the
ground. Microloans have always been a great tool for job creation. New
businesses mean new jobs." The vote, on Nov. 7, was 405 yeas to 23 nays.

YEAS: Michaud, Pingree

Vote 4: Women's business centers improvement act: The House passed the Women's
Business Centers Improvement Act (HR 1838), sponsored by Rep. Mary Fallin,
R-Okla., to improve the Small Business Administration's Women's Business Centers
program. Proponents said that Women's Business Centers provide guidance
specifically tailored to female business owners, providing much-needed support
to women in low-income communities so they can launch their own small businesses
in order to support themselves and their families. The vote, on Nov. 7, was 428
yeas to 4 nays.

YEAS: Michaud, Pingree

Vote 5: Small Business Development Centers: The House passed the Small Business
Development Centers Modernization Act (HR 1845), sponsored by Rep. Aaron Schock,
R-Ill., to improve the Small Business Development Centers that provide advisory,
operational and technical assistance to small businesses. Proponents said: "With
unemployment at an all-time high, it is now, more than ever, important for us to
invest in our Small Business Development Centers, to support our small
businesses, to expand their access to credit and capital, thus allowing them to
keep their doors open and invest and expand their businesses, employing more
Americans." The vote, on Nov. 6, was 412 ayes to 20 nays.

YEAS: Michaud, Pingree

Vote 6: Abortion coverage in public health plans: The House approved an
amendment sponsored by Rep. Bart Stupak, D-Mich., to the Affordable Health Care
for America Act (HR 3962) that would bar federal funding for abortions under
public option health care plans. Proponents expressed the desire to maintain
current law by continuing with the principle of "no public funding for insurance
policies that pay for abortion." Opponents called the amendment "a wolf in
sheep's clothing" and said it would be the greatest restriction of a woman's
right to choose in the history of the current Congress. The vote, on Nov. 6, was
240 yeas to 194 nays.

YEAS: Michaud

NAYS: Pingree

Vote 7: Substitute health care reform proposal: The House rejected a substitute
amendment sponsored by Rep. John Boehner, R-Ohio, to the Affordable Health Care
for America Act (HR 3962) that would have provided an alternative program for
across-the-board health care reform. Proponents said the amendment was "a
commonsense plan that takes steps towards reducing the cost of health insurance
in America and expands access" by instituting reforms in the overall health care
system's approach to clients with pre-existing conditions, small business
interests, medical liability and a reduction of premiums. Opponents said it
"does not end the discrimination based on preexisting conditions [or] reduce the
number of uninsured Americans." The vote, on Nov. 6, was 176 yeas to 258 nays.

NAYS: Michaud, Pingree

Vote 8: Health care reform: The House approved the Affordable Health Care for
America Act (HR 3962), sponsored by Rep. John Dingell, D-Mich., to reform health
care and health insurance programs including reduction in health care spending
and an attempt to provide health insurance for all Americans. Proponents said
that "reform is neither easy nor cheap, but the cost of inaction is far greater
- in terms of lost lives, quality of life and dollars. If we don't reduce costs
we face certain economic disaster." Opponents cited the bill's $1.2 trillion
cost and predicted it would create "a two-tiered health care system: the public
system for most of us and then a private system for the elite of the country
that can afford to go outside the public system." The vote, on Nov. 6, was 220
yeas to 215 nays.

YEAS: Michaud, Pingree

Senate votes

Republican Sens. Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe

There were no key votes in the Senate this week.

Compiled by Targeted News Service for the Bangor Daily News.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 17, 2005 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fears for a Program That Lends Just a Little

BYLINE: By ELIZABETH OLSON

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; SMALL BUSINESS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1468 words


Since the beginning of the 1990's, thousands of aspiring entrepreneurs have
moved away from unemployment or welfare by borrowing a few thousand dollars --
even as little as $500 -- to set up their own small business.

Diane Holloway, a single mother and out-of-work pastry chef, used a $5,000 loan
from a local women's economic agency in Silver City, N.M., several years ago to
cobble together a restaurant in an old storefront, cooking for customers with a
scavenged pizza oven and serving them on a half-dozen mismatched tables.

''That money made the difference,'' said Mrs. Holloway, whose restaurant,
Diane's, is now thriving, with 30 employees. She plans to open two more
restaurants next year. ''Without it, I wouldn't have had a chance to get my
business going.''

Now the modest financial backing that Mrs. Holloway and other women and
minorities have used to create jobs for themselves and others may soon be shut
off. The Bush administration has proposed ending the funding for the Small
Business Administration's microloan program, which provides seed money and
technical assistance to start-ups and low-income entrepreneurs.

Small-business owners like Mrs. Holloway were wooed in the recent election by
both parties, which hailed them as driving the American economy by creating
millions of jobs across the country. But now that budget time is here, a
political debate is boiling over administration proposals to scale back
small-business programs.

Two of the S.B.A.'s signature loan programs are in trouble, according to some
members of Congress who support them.

One, the microloan program, is targeted for elimination. It lent almost $33
million to 2,400 entrepreneurs in fiscal 2004, and is one of 10 agency programs
set for termination in the budget proposed by President Bush for 2006.
Supporters argue that a microloan is almost always the essential first step to
success for women and minorities, who usually do not have the money, credit
history or collateral to borrow from a commercial bank.

The other, the S.B.A.'s giant 7 (a) guaranteed loan program, is in turmoil.
While it is not expected to be cut back, it has been operating on fees generated
by its loans after running out of money in 2004. Supporters fear it may
eventually be slated for elimination, following the pattern of another loan
program, intended to help high-technology companies, that the administration now
proposes ending.

The guaranteed loan program backed $12.7 billion in loans in fiscal 2004 to
nearly 75,000 businesses.

Defenders of the administration's proposed cutbacks, including the agency's
administrator, Hector V. Barreto, say that, in reality, money for small
businesses will be little affected, and the government will save by not having
to pay for the technical assistance that the law requires for loan recipients.

There is little chance that Congress, which has resisted previous administration
efforts to prune the agency's budget heavily, will approve the proposed Bush
administration cutbacks wholesale. Some influential Republicans are opposed,
including Senator Olympia J. Snowe of Maine, the chairwoman of the Committee on
Small Business and Entrepreneurship. Still, advocates of the program say the
proposals are a serious threat to a program that has an exemplary record of
success.

Women have received the greatest share of microloans, where the S.B.A. furnishes
seed capital for lending by intermediaries, usually local nonprofit groups.
According to Congressional data for fiscal 2004, more than 60 percent of such
loans went to women, and the program had a default rate of just over 1 percent.
The government also spent $15 million on technical assistance.

Teri Wade, who used a $5,000 microloan to open a salon in Herndon, Va., offering
cellulite-reduction treatments, said that the hands-on assistance she received
was crucial to her start-up.

''I would have made major mistakes,'' she said, ''like not getting liability
insurance, or giving away too much of my business to get financing. Without that
advice, I wouldn't be in business.''

The S.B.A. maintains that microloans, which average $13,600, can be folded into
its guaranteed loan program, where the average loan is $15,300. The agency said
that around one-third of guaranteed loans were under $35,000, indicating that
they were borrowings by start-up firms.

The members of Congress said that recent changes in the way the guaranteed loan
program was run, especially higher fees for borrowers and lenders, have already
crimped the ability of small businesses to get loans. Moreover, they say, the
fees and paperwork make smaller loans uneconomical for many banks.

Last October, the S.B.A.'s guaranteed loan program was shifted to fee-only,
meaning the program receives its support from fees charged to borrowers and
banks, and does not have yearly Congressional appropriations to make up any
financial shortfall. As a result, the fees have risen, to as much as double on
some loans.

''The borrower's costs are now double for the smaller loans of up to $150,000,''
said Richard Proudfit, chief executive of the Gateway Business Bank, a small
bank in Cerritos, Calif., that lends to small businesses.

Mr. Barreto, the S.B.A. administrator, said higher fees had not curbed credit,
citing statistics that S.B.A.-backed lending rose 11 percent in the last quarter
of 2004 from a year earlier, to $4.4 billion.

But Representative Nydia Velazquez of New York, the senior Democrat on the House
Small Business Committee, argued that higher fees were pushing lenders out of
the picture. For example, she said that in 2001, more than 5,000 banks made
S.B.A.-backed loans; three years later, only half as many banks did so. And she
contested Mr. Barreto's claim of increased S.B.A. lending, saying that the
agency's lending declined by about 10 percent in the last quarter of 2004, to
$3.56 billion.

The members of Congress say that confidence in the agency's guaranteed loan
program has been undermined, citing the disruption caused when the program ran
out of money in early 2004 and was shut down for two weeks until an emergency
appropriation was made. Then last April, the maximum amount of money businesses
could borrow was lowered temporarily to $750,000, from $1.5 million.

That was damaging to some ventures. Marilyn Landis, a consultant for small
businesses, said that lack of funding sank the effort of an established
Pittsburgh trucking company to expand by buying a 40-truck fleet from a retiring
owner.

The prospective buyer could not meet the $1.5 million asking price and the
owner, who was in her 80's, did not want to carry a second loan. ''In the end,
she sold the entire fleet of dump trucks and laid off all 30 employees,'' said
Ms. Landis, of Basic Business Concepts in Pittsburgh. ''No one would finance
this without S.B.A. backing.''

For a new business, it can be difficult to obtain even an S.B.A.-backed loan,
small-business owners and bankers agree.

''It's fine and dandy,'' said Ms. Wade, the Virginia salon owner, ''to be
talking about 7(a) loans, but those are not for start-ups, they are for
established businesses.''

In New Mexico, Mrs. Holloway noted that it was not until she had been in
business for 18 months that she was able to get a $30,000 S.B.A.-backed loan for
her restaurant.

Only a tiny percentage -- 5.7 percent -- of guaranteed loans go to rural small
businesses, which is one reason Senator Snowe opposes terminating the microloan
program. Fully 40 percent of microloans currently go to micro enterprises in
rural areas, so her constituents in Maine would suffer if the program were shut
down.

She has also criticized a proposed $85 million reduction, to $593 million, in
the S.B.A.'s overall budget for fiscal 2006. Among the cutbacks she is fighting
is the proposed termination of the agency's Small Business Investment Company
participating securities program, which encourages venture capitalists to invest
in high-technology companies.

Her counterpart in the House, Representative Donald A. Manzullo of Illinois, a
Republican who leads the Small Business Committee, also has resisted
administration plans to terminate the decade-old program, which, in fiscal 2004,
backed more than 2,100 equity investments in small businesses by venture
capitalists, totaling more than $1.4 billion.

Rich Carter, a spokesman for the House committee, said, ''This program has had
some hard times, but we feel we can salvage it to help small manufacturers.''

Ms. Velazquez said that minority-owned ventures would be hurt most because they
received, in 2004, only 11 percent of the investment company money, totaling
$148 million.

Still, she predicted that the proposed cutbacks would not win approval easily in
Congress, ''because no one wants to be on the record as opposing small
business.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Diane Holloway, carrying one of her popular cakes, started a
successful restaurant with a $5,000 microloan. (Photo by Rick Scibelli Jr. for
The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Walsh County Press (Park River, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 27, 2013

Farm Service Agency introduces new microloan program

BYLINE: Walsh County Press staff

LENGTH: 248  words


PARK RIVER, N.D. -- Don Tongen, Farm Loan Manager for the Farai Service Agency
in Walsh County, announced a new Microloan program to increase lending
opportunities with financing up to 35K. Microloans are direct farm operating
loans with a shortened application process and reduced paperwork designed to
meet the needs of smaller, non-traditional, and niche type operations.

"The program will offer more flexible access to credit and will serve as an
attractive loan alternative for smaller farming operations like specialty crop
producers and operators of community supported agriculture (CSA)," said Tongen.
"Apprentice and mentorship programs, non-farm business experience, and farm
labor experience are acceptable alternative solutions for helping to meet farm
experience and managerial requirements."

Operating loans may be used to purchase items such as livestock and feed; farm
equipment; fuel, farm chemicals, seed, insurance and other operating costs,
including family living expenses; minor improvements or repairs to buildings, or
refinance certain farm-related debts, excluding real estate.

Operating loan funds cannot be used to finance nonfarm enterprises, including
earthworms, exotic birds, tropical fish, dogs or horses used for non-farm
purposes (racing, pleasure, show and boarding).

The maximum loan amount for a Microloan is $35,000. There is no down payment
requirement.

For more information, you may contact the Walsh County FSA office in Park River
at 701-284-7771 Ext 2.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Walsh County Press


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 30, 2012 Thursday

CEED gets $1 million for loans

BYLINE: Michael Futch, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


Aug. 30--The microloan program of the Center for Economic Empowerment and
Development has been awarded a $1 million loan that it will use to provide
financial assistance to business owners, the organization announced.

The funding comes from the Small Business Administration's Intermediary Lending
Pilot program, established in 2007 to provide low-interest loans to nonprofit,
community-based lending intermediaries.

With this money, the center will be able to offer financial assistance to
fledgling, medium-size businesses that have been open for two or three years and
have established a good track record. Among other things, the loans can be
designated toward working capital, real estate, supplies, furniture, fixtures or
equipment.

The money ups the ante for CEED's potential services.

"We had been able to do loans up to $20,000," said Sylvia Ray, CEED's founder
and executive director. "Now, we can do them up to $200,000."

The paperwork will be finalized by Nov. 1, Ray said.

"We want to loan the money out. We want to help people here," she said. "We've
got a million dollars we can loan out."

Dana Pavel, who is director of CEED's Women's Business Center, said the
organization received notification of the loan Aug. 22. The center should
receive its first disbursement of $500,000 around November, she said. The second
allocation of $500,000 should come next year.

"This gives us more assistance for small-business owners and the opportunity for
creating more jobs in this area," Pavel said. "It's all about creating jobs."

The money will become part of CEED's revolving microloan pool of funds, Pavel
said. Once the business owners pay back their loan, the money is available for
additional CEED loans. Beginning the 25th month of the loan, 1 percent of the
interest is returned to the Small Business Administration.

According to the Intermediary Lending Pilot program, CEED must return the entire
$1 million loan to the SBA in 20 years, she said.

In November, the center received a $225,000 allocation to its microloan program
from a Golden LEAF Foundation grant. That had increased potential small-business
loans from $10,000 to $20,000.

The microloan program assists women, low-income individuals, minority
entrepreneurs and other small businesses that need financial help. Since 2007,
when the program began, the center has helped about 3,200 clients who wanted to
open a business, Pavel said.

Over those five years, she said, the center has helped 56 businesses with an
overall $1.9 million.

"The businesses we help with microloans or help with business loans have created
more than 4,000 jobs and generated over $140 million in revenues since 2007,"
said Pavel, who has been in her position since April.

"I'm pretty new," she said. "This is pretty amazing to me."

Staff writer Michael Futch can be reached at futchm@fayobserver.com or 486-3529.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120830-FY-CEED-gets-1-million-for-loans-0830-20120830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    March 18, 1997, Tuesday, JOURNAL EDITION

FROM WELFARE TO WORK;
Microloans could help spark entrepreneurship

BYLINE: JEFF DICKERSON

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 551 words


Ka-shing! That's the costly sound of welfare reform as the Georgia SAFETY
NETwork would implement it.

The network, a consortium of nonprofits, wants the state to guarantee support
services, such as child care and transportation, to the poor ---even though
welfare itself is no longer guaranteed. The group wants to continue to give
raises to women who keep having babies on welfare, though working women in the
real world don't get automatic raises for having more babies. The network's
notion of welfare reform seems to be welfare sans the reform.

But the group has one wonderfully redeeming idea: microloans. The idea behind
microloans is simple: Give people small loans, usually of a few thousand dollars
or less, to start a business and create a job.

The main focus of welfare reform is to get employable people employed and
unemployable people some job training. Under the leadership of welfare director
Michael Thurmond, the state has enlisted the aid of the employers, offering them
a portion of welfare benefits if they hire a recipient. Thurmond also
participated in a recent summit at the Carter Center that attracted some of
Atlanta's top employers, such as the United Parcel Service and Marriott, that
have taken innovative steps to hire welfare recipients in Atlanta and elsewhere.
This is where the focus needs to be: on getting people jobs.

But there also should be some attempt to get folks into new businesses with
small loans. One feature characterizes poor communities in Atlanta and
elsewhere: the virtual absence of entrepreneurs. The spirit of entrepreneurship
among the poor exists mostly in an illegal, underground economy. But carefully
selecting a few people for microloans could plant the seeds of legitimate
entrepreneurial activity in poor communities. Those seeds desperately need to
grow there.

Is it possible to move the poor from welfare to business ownership?

Actually, it is. In Sunday's Perspective section, staff writer Chris Burritt
focused on a microloan program in North Carolina. Established in 1989, the North
Carolina Microenterprise Loan Fund has extended 513 business loans averaging
less than $ 6,000 each.

Folks such as Kim Bullington are turning their lives around with loans of no
more than a few thousand dollars. Bullington was near homelessness when she got
a loan to open a gift shop .

Janet and Jimmy Mack needed to replace income lost from retirement. They
borrowed $ 1,500 to start a candy-vending business. When the business sprouted,
they repaid the loan and borrowed another $ 5,000. Now they have 68 vending
machines along the North Carolina coast and are shooting for 300 machines and $
3,000 in monthly income.

The myth is that welfare recipients have no skills. But they can cook, sew,
paint, cut lawns and who knows what else. All of those ordinary life skills can
translate into real businesses.

The Georgia SAFETY NETwork could help immensely by dropping ideas likely to go
nowhere in the General Assembly and talk up useful innovations like microloans.
The seeds of entrepreneurship need to be sown in poor communities, and groups
such as the Georgia SAFETY NETwork are perfectly poised to plant them.

Jeff Dickerson is a member of the Journal editorial page. His column appears in
the Journal on Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Valley Independent (Monessen, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

WCCED helps small businesses get loans

BYLINE: Chris Buckley, The Valley Independent, Monessen, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 661 words


Dec. 18--The budget crisis that was shutting down state offices at the time was
threatening Sonya Cialone's small business in Donora.

That's when Cialone and her mother/business partner, Mary Jo Garbart, turned to
the Washington County Council on Economic Development for help.

Through the assistance of April Cacia, loan officer for the WCCED, the operators
of Sonya's Enchanted Garden Daycare, 415 McKean Ave., Donora, received a Small
Business Administration microloan.

"Through the loan program, we were able to get through the state budget crisis,"
Cialone said. "We are 90 percent state subsidized. The loan provided funding to
keep us open until the budget was passed.

"It would have been very difficult to remain open without that loan."

The Small Business Administration microloans range from $5,000 to $50,000. WCCED
is an intermediary between the SBA and small businesses for the loan program for
companies in Washington, Greene, Fayette, Westmoreland, Allegheny and Beaver
counties.

The microloan program helps new and expanding small businesses. Microloans carry
an interest rate of 6.5 to 8.5 percent for up to six years. The loans can be
used to buy inventory, purchase equipment and supplement working capital.

WCCED is the largest microloan provider in western Pennsylvania and West
Virginia. During the most recent federal fiscal year -- Oct. 1, 2012, to Sept.
30, 2013 -- 46 loans were closed in that region totaling $1,440,440. WCCED
closed 21 of those loans for $747,304, said Dan Reitz, executive director of the
organization.

"We partner with almost anyone to get our word out," Reitz said. "We partner
with a lot of the chambers in the area.

"We are a member of five chambers in West Virginia and four in Pennsylvania."

It is just one of two loan programs that the WCCED oversees. The other is a
Participation Loan, whose programs come from a number of financing sources:

--The United States Department of Agriculture.

--USDA Rural Development.

--U.S. Department of Treasury, Community Development Financial Institution.

--Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development.

--The Appalachian Regional Commission

--The WCCED GAP Loan Fund.

Participation Loan funds provide gap financing up to 40 percent of the total
project costs, not to exceed $100,000. Loans are provided at 1 percent above the
prime rate and fixed for up to 10 years.

These loans can be used for purchasing inventory, acquiring fixed assets,
business acquisition, real estate acquisition, construction, repair or
modernization, leasehold improvements or working capital.

WCCED closed on five Participation Loans totaling $328,000 in the most recent
fiscal year.

Reitz said demand for these loans is up, adding that his organization's outreach
appears to be working. He said the WCCED works with Pennsylvania CareerLink to
help firms receiving these loans meet a goal of providing at least 30 percent
job creation among low-income residents.

"Most of the loans we make are in lower-income communities," Reitz said. "That's
why these programs are so valuable to the Valley. We've actually made a lot of
loans, small and large, in the Valley."

Sonya's Enchanted Garden Daycare also utilized a Participation Loan to move into
a larger facility that can serve more than 60 children. Reitz said daycare
facilities are eligible for the loan programs because they serve ancillary
functions to the local economy.

Channel Craft in North Charleroi utilized the Participation Loan program to
renovate its facility so that equipment and supplies could be elevated to
provide protection in the event of flooding. A microloan was used to purchase
equipment that aided in the packing of product for shipping.

Chris Buckley is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-684-2642 or cbuckley@tribweb.com

___ (c)2013 The Valley Independent (Monessen, Pa.) Visit The Valley Independent
(Monessen, Pa.) at www.pittsburghlive.com/x/valleyindependent Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131218-VM-WCCED-helps-small-businesses-get-loans-1218-20131218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VM


                     Copyright 2013 The Valley Independent


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                        July 24, 2015 Friday 4:00 PM GMT

Mixed martial arts wholesaler gets £20,000 funding to grow from railway arch
base;
GAC Sports, the wholesale sister business to Fightstore Pro, has secured funding
to grow from its railway arch base in Newcastle

BYLINE: By Tom Keighley

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 322 words


A sports equipment wholesaler based out of railway arches in Newcastle city
centre has secured £20,000 funding.

GAC Sports, which specialises in mixed martial arts and combat sports, is the
counterpart to online retailer Fightstore Pro.

The business is based out of a railway arch on Newcastle's Forth Street and
supplies clothing, protective gear and nutritional supplements to gyms and
fitness companies.

Now a loan of £20,000 from the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund
will be used to increase stock.

Director Alex Wright - a former mixed martial arts fighter - launched GAC Sports
in late 2014 after splitting up his original business Fightstore Pro into
wholesale and retail divisions as part of a revamped business strategy.

Mr Wright was referred to Microloan Fund managers Rivers Capital Partners by his
bank, who had been unable to provide finance.

He said: "There are thousands of businesses like me who are unable to get
mainstream funding to expand."

Also read: Conversion of Newcastle city centre railway arches creates network of
small businesses

Following the loan, GAC is now focussed on building its customer base and plans
to sell American sports brands into the European market.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers, said: "Alex is immensely experienced and
as an ex-MMA fighter he knows the industry inside out.

"The cash investment from the Microloan Fund with help him achieve his vision of
becoming the go-to wholesaler for sports retailers within a matter of years."

The North East Microloan Fund provides loans of £1,000-£25,000 to start-up and
established businesses in the North East.

The fund is part of the £125m Finance for Business North East Growth Fund and is
aimed at businesses that have struggled to secure mainstream finance and can
provide affordable credit for those with a poor credit history.

Decisions to provide loans are not based on the company assets but the overall
quality of the business.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday

Don't make it so hard for SMEs

LENGTH: 256 words


I AM disillusioned after finding out the reality behind the risk-bearing burden
for microloan programmes, which purportedly aim to help start-ups and small and
medium-sized enterprises (SMEs).

My inquiries into such loans with OCBC Bank, DBS Bank and Orix tell me that such
loans are not as convenient as they are made out to be.

I was told by the banks that although microloans, when approved, are dispatched
without any physical collateral, they almost always require that the directors
of the company act as guarantors for the full loan amount.

What this means is that should the company have problems repaying a loan of,
say, $100,000, the bank will first recover the full debt, in this case,
$100,000, from the business owners or directors.

Only after the guarantors have been declared bankrupt will the banks seek the
irrecoverable sum or up to 80per cent of the loan amount from the Government,
under the risk guarantee that the Government has agreed for financial
institutions.

My understanding was different. I had thought that for a microloan of, say,
$100,000, the business owners or directors would be liable for 20 per cent of
the risk, that is, $20,000, while the Government would bear 80 per cent of the
risk, or $80,000, thus leaving banks with no risk.

This is obviously not the case. In reality, the risk is still borne fully by the
business owners.

I hope other SMEs or start-ups have the correct understanding of what is meant
by 'government-backed' microloans when they seek such loans from financial
institutions.

Johnson Lai

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Federal farm assistance programs changing to meet needs of new growers

BYLINE: Julia Bayly BDN Staff

LENGTH: 781 words


For years, federal agriculture funding programs took a one-size-fits-all
approach, but thanks to United States Department of Agriculture policy changes
over the last couple of years, agencies are better able to help a wider range of
farmers and farming operations -- including those in Maine.


"It's surprising how many people are not aware of what we can do to help,"
Amanda May, program specialist with the federal Farm Services Agency, said.
"When they do finally find and contact us, they will say they wish they had
known about us sooner."


That's because, according to May and her colleagues, federal agricultural
assistance programs for decades were tailored to meet the needs of the larger
farms in midwestern states, leaving smaller farmers in the dust.


But as the face of agriculture has changed so, too, have the programs that have
adapted to fit the needs of those smaller, more diversified farm operations.


Many of the changes came as part of the federal Agriculture Act of 2014, more
commonly known as "the 2014 farm bill," according to Sherry Hamel, executive
officer with the Farm Services Agency.


"Our loan programs are a great example," Hamel said. "Our 'microloan' program
now makes it easier for new and smaller farmers to get loans they did not
qualify for before 2014."


Capped at $50,000, these microloans can be used for expenses associated with
crops, annual operating expenses, livestock purchases or equipment, Hamel said.


Microloans also can be used for land purchases, Hamel said, and unlike the
earlier loan programs, there does not need to be buildings already on the land.


"This really can open the door for new farmers to purchase acreage and have
their own land," she said. "Under the old loan programs, there had to be farm
buildings already on the property for the land to qualify [for a loan], but
under this new microloan program, there is more flexibility, [and] it is really
opening things up for a new group of farmers."


There also have been significant changes to the federal "noninsurable crop
assistance program," May said. According to May, federal crop insurance is
available only on certain crops on a county-by-county basis. For example, in
Aroostook County, potatoes, which are the largest crop in northern Maine, are
eligible but strawberries are not.


That's where the noninsurable crop assistance program comes in by providing
financial relief when these noninsurable crops suffer catastrophic losses, but
before 2014, that coverage was limited to 50 percent of the total planted crop.


Thanks to the farm bill, May said, the noninsurable crop assistance program not
only covers 100 percent of the crops, but it is paying out more for any losses.


"As more farms diversify in Maine, that really comes into play," she said. "We
have seen a huge uptick in [noninsurable crop assistance program] crops in our
state [because] it can cover so much beyond traditional crops, including
aquaculture operations."


Noninsurable crop assistance program relief also is based on how the lost crops
would have been marketed, May said.


"Before there was a real one-price-fits-all approach," she said. "Now we look at
if the crops were going to be priced as organic, or wholesale or under specific
contracts."


Storage is another area that is changing with the times, May said.


Before 2014, only storage for commodity crops such as grain could be funded
through the federal Farm Storage Loan Program.


"That program has really morphed," Robby McCurry, Farm Service Agency program
specialist in Aroostook County, said. "Now it can fund everything from storage
of trucks to storage of any equipment used to handle or harvest crops."


The loans have moved far beyond funding grain storage facilities, May said.


"Now they can be used for storage for fruit, vegetables, meat, poultry, cheese,
maple sap or cut flowers," she said. "Pretty much if you can dream it, we can
lend you money to put up a storage facility for it, [and] that has really opened
things up for Maine farmers."


May, who grew up on a dairy farm, said with Maine's farms increasingly
diversifying and with new, younger farmers entering the profession, her office
wants them to know about the programs out there that can help them.


"Many of these new farmers did not grow up farming," she said. "A lot of them
are not really aware of our office or what we can do. We want to help them
absorb as much information and get as much help as they can."


Information on federal farm programs is available through the Farm Service
Agency's Maine office online at www.fsa.usda.gov. Other resources can be found
through the University of Maine Cooperative Extension's Beginning Farmer
Resource Network at www.extension.umaine.edu.


Â

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Federal farm assistance programs changing to meet needs of new growers

BYLINE: Julia Bayly BDN Staff

LENGTH: 781 words


For years, federal agriculture funding programs took a one-size-fits-all
approach, but thanks to United States Department of Agriculture policy changes
over the last couple of years, agencies are better able to help a wider range of
farmers and farming operations -- including those in Maine.


"It's surprising how many people are not aware of what we can do to help,"
Amanda May, program specialist with the federal Farm Services Agency, said.
"When they do finally find and contact us, they will say they wish they had
known about us sooner."


That's because, according to May and her colleagues, federal agricultural
assistance programs for decades were tailored to meet the needs of the larger
farms in midwestern states, leaving smaller farmers in the dust.


But as the face of agriculture has changed so, too, have the programs that have
adapted to fit the needs of those smaller, more diversified farm operations.


Many of the changes came as part of the federal Agriculture Act of 2014, more
commonly known as "the 2014 farm bill," according to Sherry Hamel, executive
officer with the Farm Services Agency.


"Our loan programs are a great example," Hamel said. "Our 'microloan' program
now makes it easier for new and smaller farmers to get loans they did not
qualify for before 2014."


Capped at $50,000, these microloans can be used for expenses associated with
crops, annual operating expenses, livestock purchases or equipment, Hamel said.


Microloans also can be used for land purchases, Hamel said, and unlike the
earlier loan programs, there does not need to be buildings already on the land.


"This really can open the door for new farmers to purchase acreage and have
their own land," she said. "Under the old loan programs, there had to be farm
buildings already on the property for the land to qualify [for a loan], but
under this new microloan program, there is more flexibility, [and] it is really
opening things up for a new group of farmers."


There also have been significant changes to the federal "noninsurable crop
assistance program," May said. According to May, federal crop insurance is
available only on certain crops on a county-by-county basis. For example, in
Aroostook County, potatoes, which are the largest crop in northern Maine, are
eligible but strawberries are not.


That's where the noninsurable crop assistance program comes in by providing
financial relief when these noninsurable crops suffer catastrophic losses, but
before 2014, that coverage was limited to 50 percent of the total planted crop.


Thanks to the farm bill, May said, the noninsurable crop assistance program not
only covers 100 percent of the crops, but it is paying out more for any losses.


"As more farms diversify in Maine, that really comes into play," she said. "We
have seen a huge uptick in [noninsurable crop assistance program] crops in our
state [because] it can cover so much beyond traditional crops, including
aquaculture operations."


Noninsurable crop assistance program relief also is based on how the lost crops
would have been marketed, May said.


"Before there was a real one-price-fits-all approach," she said. "Now we look at
if the crops were going to be priced as organic, or wholesale or under specific
contracts."


Storage is another area that is changing with the times, May said.


Before 2014, only storage for commodity crops such as grain could be funded
through the federal Farm Storage Loan Program.


"That program has really morphed," Robby McCurry, Farm Service Agency program
specialist in Aroostook County, said. "Now it can fund everything from storage
of trucks to storage of any equipment used to handle or harvest crops."


The loans have moved far beyond funding grain storage facilities, May said.


"Now they can be used for storage for fruit, vegetables, meat, poultry, cheese,
maple sap or cut flowers," she said. "Pretty much if you can dream it, we can
lend you money to put up a storage facility for it, [and] that has really opened
things up for Maine farmers."


May, who grew up on a dairy farm, said with Maine's farms increasingly
diversifying and with new, younger farmers entering the profession, her office
wants them to know about the programs out there that can help them.


"Many of these new farmers did not grow up farming," she said. "A lot of them
are not really aware of our office or what we can do. We want to help them
absorb as much information and get as much help as they can."


Information on federal farm programs is available through the Farm Service
Agency's Maine office online at www.fsa.usda.gov. Other resources can be found
through the University of Maine Cooperative Extension's Beginning Farmer
Resource Network at www.extension.umaine.edu.


Â

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

The big business of little loans

BYLINE: Marni usheroff Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D

LENGTH: 976 words



HIGHLIGHT: 'Microbusinesses' create the most jobs but only if they overcome the
problem of finding funding.


When Michele Richardson and her husband tried to get a $50,000 loan for their
new construction business in 2011, they didn't have much luck with traditional
lending institutions.

"Banks were like, 'Are you kidding me? You want a loan from us?' " Richardson,
45, recalls.

She turned to Stacey Sanchez, a loan officer with CDC Small Business Finance, a
private, nonprofit lender in Anaheim whose products include Small Business
Administration microloans of $5,000 to $50,000. The CDC approved Richardson's
application and provided her with the funds in addition to mandatory counseling
sessions on reading financials, setting up cash flow analysis and marketing
tips.

The investment paid off. Richardson's Mission Viejo-based commercial general
contractor used the loan for operating capital while it secured projects that
included building out the interior of a Nordstrom Rack in Huntington Beach. The
company's revenue grew to $7.3 million in 2012 from $989,000 in 2011 - an
increase of more than 600 percent. Meanwhile, the business grew to as many as 11
employees in 2012 from three in early 2011.

Little firms like Richardson's - with four or fewer employees, which government
agencies generally define as microbusinesses - are big job creators. They added
a net 700,000-plus jobs in California from 2003 to 2010, according to government
data recently analyzed by the California Association for Micro Enterprise
Opportunity. The next biggest job creators during the same period were firms
with five to nine employees, generating almost 71,000 net new jobs. All other
categories saw net losses.

Even so, microbusinesses can have a tough time getting banks to provide
financing of up to $50,000, the "microloans" that they may need to cover startup
costs or expansions. In fact, commercial lending to small firms declined almost
18 percent during the financial crisis, according to the SBA.

That has driven more businesses to alternative forms of microlending.

The term brings to mind a range of financing activity - everything from Kiva's
tiny loans to budding entrepreneurs in developing countries, to payday loans
with their massive interest rates. It might cover for-profit small business
loans from online lenders, such as On Deck Capital. Those online outlets are
easy to find - they advertise extensively - but interest rates can annualize at
around 15 percent.

The flip side is nonprofit community-based organizations such as CDC Small
Business Finance, which administer SBA microloans for eligible borrowers. The
terms can be more favorable, but many entrepreneurs don't know the services even
exist.

In the current climate, banks tend not to be interested in loans under $200,000
unless a business has stellar credit or collateral, according to Claudia Viek,
the chief executive of CAMEO, an advocate for microenterprise in California.
Also, some small business owners previously would have used their homes as
collateral for a home-equity line of credit, but plunging real estate values cut
off that opportunity.

Only 65 percent of small businesses say they're able to obtain adequate
financing, according to advocacy group National Small Business Association's
2013 Mid-Year Economic Report. The smallest firms suffer the most.

The SBA certifies certain community-based nonprofits and then lends them
microloan funding using federal dollars. These intermediaries then screen
microbusiness applicants to determine their eligibility for loans up to $50,000,
with the average loan at about $13,000.

Rates and terms vary, depending on the loan amount and needs of the borrower,
among other factors. Sanchez says the SBA microloans she handles tend to come
with an 8 percent interest rate for five years. She adds that they have no
balloon and the repayment period is longer than a conventional loan, which keeps
payments smaller and allows businesses to borrow as much as needed.

"The whole approach is not to make a profit," says Stephen Leung, a lender
relations specialist for the SBA's Santa Ana office. He cites this factor as a
major difference between these government-funded microloans and ones coming from
banks or online for-profit businesses. He didn't have exact figures on default,
but suspects they're slightly higher than for commercial loans.

The underwriting period can be a couple of days or a few weeks, depending on the
completeness of the application, and the nonprofits' requirements aren't as
stringent as those of a traditional bank. They'll accept unconventional forms of
collateral like "a really old secondhand car," says Leung.

Some of the borrowers taking advantage of this type of funding are corporate
refugees creating their own jobs as well as more seasoned workers turned "encore
entrepreneurs" in their 50s.

"A lot of small businesses, when they obtain micro loans, are really putting
their heart and sweat into the venture," Leung adds.

One drawback with the nonprofit lenders is that there can be a limit on how
small they're willing to go. Sometimes it's not feasible for them to use their
limited manpower on the smallest of microloans.

"Typically we would not be interested in doing a loan under $20,000 because it's
cost-prohibitive for us," Sanchez says. But they've just started a CAMEO pilot
program that allows them to use an algorithm and online application to do credit
scoring. The program was developed by Texas Accion, a longtime microlender, and
Sanchez says it'll make it more affordable for her group to do loans from $5,000
to $20,000.

As for Michele Richardson, her focus has shifted from securing financing to
developing a wider base of clients and providing more services for her existing
clients. Not to mention getting work done.

"It kept us going," Richardson says of the loan. "It was a huge, huge help as we
had to lay out cash for the larger projects."



714-796-7920 or musheroff@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michele Richardson is co-founder and CEO of ACR Builders, a commercial
general contractor based in Mission Viejo. She and her husband wanted a business
loan but drew no interest from traditional banks.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday

Seed money: New USDA program aimed at helping small farmers

BYLINE: Eric Brown, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 677 words


Jan. 15--The locally grown food movement in Weld County has seen its share of
growth, but involved locals say it's not yet what it could or should be.

Perhaps a new federal program, just announced this week, can give it the boost
it needs, they say.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack told The Associated Press on Monday the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's new "microloans" of up to $35,000 are designed
to help bolster small, family-run farms -- noting that their direct-to-consumer
sales are a fast-growing sector of the farming industry.

There's been a 60 percent increase in farmers markets in the past three years.

The Greeley Farmers Market is now about 10 times larger than it was when it
started 20 years ago, and even this year -- during the hottest and driest year
on record for the city, which made produce growing difficult -- it only saw a
slight decrease in sales.

However, the cost of raising produce is continually increasing, local growers
say, with rising seed and fuel prices -- although, gas has dropped some recently
-- and other swelling expenses.

Working on just one or a few acres -- maybe only [ of an acre -- produces
limited income that often doesn't give growers the profits needed to expand.

Some local growers said this week they're actually in doubt as to whether
they'll be vendors next year at the Greeley Farmers Market because of the high
costs and limited profits.

"It's an investment, both in time and money ... and because of that it can be a
challenge to find enough adequate, small-scale growers to support farmers
markets and other direct-to-consumer markets," said Karen Scopel, the community
development and natural resource planner for the city of Greeley, who oversees
operations of the local farmers market.

Deb Newsome grows a variety of produce near Ault, food that goes to the Greeley
Farmers Market, or is sold to her 25 customers through the Community Supported
Agriculture program. She said the new USDA microloans are "something that could
certainly help" bolster an expansion of the locally grown food movement.

Newsome herself said she's looking to expand her winter production, but would
need to increase the temperature of her greenhouse during the cold season by
10-15 degrees to grow certain crops.

Growing limited produce in her greenhouse now, she's already spending $300-500
per month, she said, and increasing the temperature the 10-15 degrees needed
would be pricey.

To afford heating for her greenhouse, Newsome said she would either have to
increase her number of CSA customers, or maybe borrow a little money.

The interest rate for the new microloan program changes monthly, and is
currently 1.25 percent, according to the USDA, and the loan does not have to be
repaid for seven years.

The microloan program provides a more simplified application process compared
with traditional farm loans.

The loans can cover the costs of seed, equipment, land rents, irrigation,
marketing, distribution and other expenses.

According to the AP, Vilsack said the new loan program will help organic
producers and small farmers who had been benefiting from grants and programs
under the 2008 farm bill, which had not been extended by Congress.

Vilsack also said the new "microloans" could assist disadvantaged farmers and
military veterans seeking to start a farm, who might otherwise have trouble
qualifying for small loans from banks or through other USDA loan programs.

According to USDA statistics, since 2009 the federal government has issued more
than 128,000 loans totaling nearly $18 billion through the Farm Service Agency
Operating Loan Program. It has also increased the number of loans to beginning
farmers and ranchers from 11,000 loans in 2008 to 15,000 loans in 2011.

For more

To learn more about the new USDA microloans program, contact the Weld County
Farm Service Agency office at 4302 9th St. Road in Greeley, or call the office
at (970) 356-8097 ext. 2.

___ (c)2013 Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune (Greeley,
Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130115-GY-Seed-money-New-USDA-program-aimed-at-helping-small-farmers-20130115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2013 Greeley Tribune


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           December 23, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Microloans reach world's poorest: Loans as small as $50 do what many
megaprojects can't -- break the cycle

BYLINE: John Manley, Special to the Sun

SECTION: EDITORIAL; John Manley; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 740  words


December is a time of celebration and giving around the world. Often left out of
the festivities are the world's most marginalized people, the one-fifth of
humanity who live on less than $1 a day.

While traditional "charity" will never reach many of these people, microcredit
-- loans as small as $50 to start or expand individual businesses -- has the
ability to give them opportunity and hope.

Microloans are used for a wide range of business activities including low-tech
endeavours like husking rice, operating bicycle rickshaws, sewing, and petty
trading, as well as high-tech enterprises such as selling cellular phone time in
rural areas where there is no other phone service.

This is foreign aid that works. It is the triumph of the minimal. It is, in
development parlance, a hand up, not a handout.

Decades of experience around the globe have shown that providing poor people
with banking-type services to start or expand small, often home-based businesses
lifts people out of poverty and improves an entire family's nutrition, education
and housing.

A typical example is Ana Ruiz, a poor woman in Nicaragua who lived in a
scrap-wood shack with her eight children.

She had no furniture except for her work table and her children never had shoes
or attended school. Then she received a $100 microloan to expand her
tortilla-making business. After a second loan, her business had grown to the
point where she was able to send her four oldest to school and buy eight plastic
chairs so her children would not have to sit on the dirt floor.

Before her microloan, her children were malnourished.

"The little ones run around now," she says. "They go to sleep early because they
are tired from playing around, not because they are weak."

The family of Ana Ruiz is no longer hungry. Her children see real opportunities.
A small loan enabled her to do what many development megaprojects can't: break
the cycle of poverty that entraps more than one billion people who eke out
existence on less than $1 per day.

Ruiz's story is not an isolated case. There are millions of women who have been
empowered through microcredit.

The number of very poor borrowers being reached worldwide by microcredit has
dramatically expanded since 1997, from seven million to more than 54 million
people today. More than 81 per cent of these are women. Loan repayment rates are
typically 98 per cent or better.

Microcredit can help mitigate the awful toll of HIV/AIDS.

In one microcredit program in Uganda, 75 per cent to 80 per cent of clients are
caring for AIDS orphans.

Microcredit provides economic opportunity that offers some protection from HIV
infection -- women with economic alternatives are less likely to be forced to
barter sex for money to feed or clothe their children or pay school fees.

Children of borrowers are more likely to be in school and girls who are in
school are more likely to delay the onset of sexual activity and less likely to
contract HIV.

Microcredit can be a key to nations recovering from war.

In Afghanistan, microcredit is helping to provide income to help women overcome
ongoing oppression as the country rebuilds.

As Queen Rania of Jordan said, "When a war ends, press cameras may go away, but
the struggle to recover is just beginning . . . Conventional assistance may help
in the short term, but the aid mentality doesn't provide the future that people
need. Microfinance does."

Despite its potential, many donor countries and agencies have not fully
recognized the importance of microcredit for reducing poverty. As with aid
programs generally, programming quality can be as important as quantity when it
come to microfinance.

One key is to ensure that microcredit programs reach the poorest people who are
often left out, unless special efforts are made. And it is the very poor who can
benefit the most.

A multi-year World Bank study of microfinance in Bangladesh concluded that
"microfinance helps to reduce extreme poverty much more than moderate poverty."
Microfinance is most effective when it is targeted to reach the poorest people,
who stand to benefit the most.

It has the potential to turn the Millennium Development Goal of cutting absolute
poverty in half by 2015 into a reality.

As we head into 2005, the UN

"Year of Microcredit," Canada can lead the way by scaling up microcredit
opportunities for the very poor.

John Manley is former deputy prime minister and finance minister and is
currently senior counsel at McCarthy Tetrault LLP

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Vancouver Sun files; Microcredit could have eased the tears of
seven-year-old Denis Diaz (left), who was left waiting in line for food at a
temporary homeless shelter in Nicaragua after the collapse of the country's
coffee industry.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Reps to visit Fitchburg in support of small business

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 314 words


FITCHBURG -- U.S. Reps. Niki Tsongas and Jim McGovern will be in Fitchburg on
Friday afternoon to announce support for small businesses throughout the region.

At the event, the Small Business Administration will designate intermediary
lender status to the North Central Massachusetts Development Corp., allowing
that organization to lend up to $50,000 to small businesses, on top of other
microloan programs currently in place.

"In order to boost job growth and continue growing our economy, we need to
invest in creative ways to help America's small businesses," Tsongas said. "I
have long supported federal programs like the SBA's microloans because they can
accomplish this goal through effective public/private partnerships."

By pinpointing and addressing the differing needs of the many small businesses
across the region, Tsongas said the initiative can keep the local economy on an
upward path.

"There are so many inventive companies clustered throughout the 3rd District
developing forward-looking, state-of-the-art products and services in myriad
industries," she said. "With federal, public and private support, we can ensure
they don't just remain competitive, but remain business and innovation leaders."

The microloan program allows nonprofit micro-lenders to lend to start-up, newly
established and growing small businesses in order to help businesses that have
difficulty obtaining capital from traditional lenders. Microloans can be used
for working capital, inventory or supplies, furniture or fixtures, and machinery
or equipment.

The North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation and North Central
Massachusetts Chamber of Commerce work with entrepreneurs and start-ups to
educate and assist with business plans, loan applications and more.

The event will take place Friday, at 3 p.m., at the North Central Massachusetts
Chamber of Commerce, 860 South St., Fitchburg.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

Tsongas, McGovern to announce funding for local small businesses

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 314 words


FITCHBURG -- U.S. Reps. Niki Tsongas and Jim McGovern will be in Fitchburg on
Friday afternoon to announce support for small businesses throughout the region.

At the event, the Small Business Administration will designate intermediary
lender status to the North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation,
allowing that organization to lend up to $50,000 to small businesses, on top of
other microloan programs currently in place.

"In order to boost job growth and continue growing our economy, we need to
invest in creative ways to help America's small businesses," said Tsongas. "I
have long supported federal programs like the SBA's microloans because they can
accomplish this goal through effective public/private partnerships."

By pinpointing and addressing the differing needs of the many small businesses
across the region, Tsongas said the initiative can keep the local economy on an
upwards path.

"There are so many inventive companies clustered throughout the Third District
developing forward-looking, state-of-the-art products and services in myriad
industries," she said. "With federal, public and private support, we can ensure
they don't just remain competitive, but remain business and innovation leaders."

The microloan program allows non-profit micro-lenders to lend to start-up, newly
established and growing small businesses in order to help businesses that have
difficulty obtaining capital from traditional lenders. Microloans can be used
for working capital, inventory or supplies, furniture or fixtures, and machinery
or equipment.

The North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation and North Central
Massachusetts Chamber of Commerce work with entrepreneurs and start-ups to
educate and assist with business plans, loan applications and more.

The event will take place at 3 p.m. at the North Central Massachusetts Chamber
of Commerce, 860 South St., Fitchburg.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Baluchistan Times

                            November 11, 2011 Friday

Over 137 million world's poor receive micro loans in 2010

SECTION: Vol. XXXV No. 308

LENGTH: 343  words


More than 137.5 million of the world's

poorest families received microloans in 2010 which is all time high, according
to a report released Thursday by the Microcredit Summit Campaign (MSC).

Assuming an average of five persons per family, these 137.5 million microloans
affected more than 687 million family members, which is greater than the
combined populations of the European Union and Russia.

Microloans are used to help people living in poverty in both industrialized and
developing countries to expand a range of small businesses, such as selling
products in a local market, making clothes, and providing computer and other
business services in rural areas.

As a strategic partner of MSC, Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund (PPAF) supports
the work of the Summit in Pakistan and the region. PPAF is the lead apex agency
offering microfinance in Pakistan and works closely with Microcredit Summit
Campaign for inclusive and improved financial services to the under-served.

Since its inception, PPAF has disbursed more than $ 775 million through 4.7
million microcredit loans, said PPAF statement issued here. Currently, almost 45
per cent of Pakistan's 2.1 million borrowers are financed by PPAF through its 52
partner organizations in 92 districts across the country, it added. The report's
release precedes the Global Microcredit Summit 2011 to be held on November 14-17
in Valladolid, Spain.

According to the report, over the last 13 years, the number of very poor
families with a microloan has grown more than 18-fold from 7.6 million in 1997
to 137.5 million in 2010. The latest data comes from more than 3,600
institutions worldwide, with more than 94 percent of the information having been
collected within the last 18 months. The report also reveals that the number of
poorest women increased from 10.3 million in 1999 to 113.1 million in 2010.

The Microcredit Summit Campaign aims to reach 175 million of the world's poorest
families by 2015 and ensure that 100 million of those families move above the
World Bank's $1.25-a-day poverty threshold.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                                October 30, 1995

BROIDA GIVES UP CITY HALL JOB  FOR FEDERAL RESERVE POSITION

BYLINE: BARBARA MOONEY

SECTION: News; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 294 words


Clark Broida, small business manager with the city of Cleveland for the past
three years, has left city hall to join the Federal Reserve Bank after a
restructuring within the city's economic development department.

Mr. Broida, who started the city's microloan program in the summer of 1993,
joined the Fed this week as community affairs specialist. While his job at city
hall wasn't eliminated, Mr. Broida said his role changed dramatically in a
recent realignment within the economic development department.

''They've given all the economic development representatives the job of handling
small business needs,'' including handling ap plications for the city's
microloan program, Mr. Broida said. The city's microloan program, which started
with $1 million from banks that do business in the city, lends up to $20,000 to
small businesses and budding entrepreneurs.

Chris Warren, city economic development director, said the department was
reorganized in September so that five economic development officers handle small
business retention and expansion under manager Sara Parks Jackson.

''Clark dealt with a lot all by himself. This way, we have several people
working with small businesses face-to-face, on the street,'' Mr. Warren said.

In the past two years, the city has made 74 microloans totaling $1.2 million,
Mr. Broida said. Ten of the loans have defaulted and have cost the fund
$106,000. However, the defaults haven't hurt the fund seriously because $315,000
has been paid back by microloan borrowers, he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 02, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Crain Communications Inc.


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 13, 2010 Saturday

Little loans, big trouble;
A rash of suicides among India's poorest debtors has opened a debate aboutthe
unbridled growth of the microfinance sector, Tavia Grant reports

BYLINE: TAVIA GRANT

SECTION: FOCUS; CREDIT CRUNCH; Pg. F5

LENGTH: 1387 words


Microfinance was supposed to mean economic empowerment for the poorest of the
poor, many of them female villagers living in India's southeastern state of
Andhra Pradesh. Instead, the sector has spiralled into crisis in recent weeks,
where the state is blaming 57 recent suicides on aggressive loan collectors.

Television clips show weeping family members gathered around the latest victim,
a 23-year-old father who hanged himself because his family was unable to pay
back a 540-rupee ($12) weekly instalment. "They said you will face dire
consequences if you don't repay on time," his widow says.

The state government alleges customers are being exploited by the sector through
"usurious interest rates and coercive means." It has slapped on restrictions
that have effectively frozen the sector. The institutions say stringent laws
will force borrowers back into the hands of less scrupulous loan sharks.

The ripple effects have spread beyond Andhra Pradesh. Microlending activity
across India is slowing as banks get nervous about lending and new loans dry up.
This week, Bangladesh cracked down on the sector, imposing interest-rate caps on
microfinance institutions - a move some experts worry will curb service for its
poorest clients.

Microfinance has long been the darling of development circles. Big names
including Bill Gates and George Soros have got religion on microfinance, and its
popularity has soared since its top pioneer, Muhammad Yunus, won the 2006 Nobel
Peace Prize.

A debate is raging between those like Dr. Yunus, who say the sector should
remain non-profit with its focus fixed firmly on the very poorest of the poor
(those living on less than $1 a day), and entrepreneurs who favour a
faster-expanding, for-profit approach backed by investors who want to do good -
and see returns.

As the recent chaos shows, the road to hell can be paved with good intentions.
Huge growth has come at the expense of the people microfinance was meant to
help: vulnerable borrowers.

The birth of microfinance

Dr. Yunus is widely credited with popularizing microfinance. But some trace its
origins further back than that - to 19th century Europe, when Germany's
Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen started a village bank that granted small loans to
rural farmers.

Its modern-day roots stem largely from Dr. Yunus, who handed a $27 loan to 42
poor basket weavers in rural Bangladesh in the 1970s. The idea was simple:
giving impoverished rural women access to credit and training can help them move
into self-employment, freeing them to generate an income that will eventually
let them save, send a child to school or build better shelter. Repayment rates
tend to be better than for rich borrowers, though interest rates are typically
higher because the loans cost more to administer.

The idea has since exploded. Microcredit has evolved into microfinance: services
for the poor ranging from health insurance to savings programs. The sector had
107 million poorest-of-the-poor borrowers globally at the end of 2007, a 14-fold
increase in a decade, though academics are split over its effect on poverty
rates.

It has also reached the developed world. Dr. Yunus opened Grameen Bank branches
in New York in 2008, amid the recession. The U.S. now has 362 microfinance
outfits, and loan applications have doubled this year.

In Canada, credit unions from Newfoundland's NLFC to Quebec's Desjardins to
B.C.'s Vancity are offering microloans, particularly to immigrants who lack a
credit history in this country. Vancity has dispersed almost 400 microloans in
the past four years, growing about 10 per cent a year, and says need is
outstripping its ability to supply the loans.

The sector heats up

India's microfinance market, with its booming but underserved population, is
known as the world's hottest. Within India, that heat is centred squarely in
Andhra Pradesh, the country's fifth-largest state by population.

In August, SKS Microfinance became India's first such company to list its
shares, in a $350-million IPO. The core philosophy at SKS and many other new
players is that turning a profit and alleviating poverty can go hand in hand.

The spate of suicides, however, has highlighted weaknesses in the system.
Numerous borrowers took on debt from more than one institution, repayments
became more difficult and some loan officers have reportedly threatened clients.

SKS now finds itself in the eye of the storm. Seventeen of the recent suicides
are SKS clients, though the company maintains none were in default, and that the
blame stems from multiple factors rather than just from its collectors, some of
whom have been arrested for harassment.

"As the industry grew, the ability to temper the pursuit of growth with a
sensible eye on customer needs and ability to repay began to deteriorate," said
K Sree Kumar, chief executive of the Indian social business advisory firm
Intellecap, who is based in Hyderabad.

For now, the sector is essentially frozen, says Vijay Mahajan, Hyderabad-based
president of Microfinance Institutions Network, which has 44 members.

In their quest for growth, some microfinance institutions (or MFIs), contributed
to high indebtedness by encouraging some clients to take out multiple loans,
"which, in turn, may have led to suicides in some cases," he says. "It's hard to
deny that we have contributed to some of this."

The government should also shoulder blame, some say. Public policies encouraged
rapid expansion without credit checks, and forbade MFIs from taking deposits,
which thwarted their ability to serve customers and promoted borrowing over
saving.

Most experts saw the crisis in Andhra Pradesh confining itself to India - until
this week, when Bangladesh announced plans to cap interest rates on microloans.

It may seem a reasonable move. But a proliferation of interest-rate caps "is the
worst thing that could happen," says Mary Ellen Iskenderian, president of
Women's World Banking in a phone interview from Mexico. "When an MFI's ability
to recoup costs is circumscribed, all the other ancillary services - training,
business development, health - go out the window. So you become only about
financial services, without the financial education."

Time to put on the brakes

India isn't the only country where microcustomers have become overextended.
Indebtedness has also been a problem in Bosnia, Nicaragua and Morocco, says
Elisabeth Rhyne, managing director at the Centre for Financial Inclusion at the
global microfinance non-profit ACCION.

Until lately, the sector has been all about growth, a goal made easier by a
global economic boom. Now that some markets are getting saturated, the focus
must shift to "putting the brakes on the industry ... to look more at quality of
what you're giving than just expanding the numbers," she says.

A number of measures may mend the situation in India: the start of credit
bureaus, more transparency, closer co-operation between the government and the
private sector, and a stronger ethical and regulatory framework. Some, like Ms.
Rhyne, are spearheading efforts to create a global set of principles on how to
treat microfinance clients.

It's tempting to compare Andhra Pradesh with closer-to-home payday lending, or
the U.S. sub-prime crisis. Lending money to lower-income and sometimes
less-educated clients attracts big investor money. Borrowing costs rise, and
debtors get in over their heads. Some companies sink. In the end, the poor
suffer the most.

Tavia Grant is a reporter with Report on Business.

******

BY THE NUMBERS

154.8 million / Total number of microloan clients around the world as of the end
of 2007

13.5 million / Microloan clients in 1997

106.6 million / Microloan recipients living on less than $1 a day in 2007

533 million / Number of people affected by microloans worldwide, when family
members are included, as of 2007

1,893 / Number of microfinance institutions worldwide last year

$65-billion (U.S.) / Size of gross microloan portfolio globally last year

98.95% / Repayment rate among borrowers at Kiva.org, the world's first personal
microlending website

$381.32 / Average loan size at Kiva.

26% / Average interest rate for a microloan (though some in Mexico have hit 90
per cent)

Sources: Microcredit Summit Campaign; Microfinance Information Exchange,
Kiva.org, CGAP

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           January 4, 2006 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

Helping with tsunami recovery proves complicated for agency

BYLINE: BILL OSINSKI

SECTION: GWINNETT NEWS; Pg. 3JJ

LENGTH: 697 words


It takes more than rebuilt boats to restore a tsunami-swept fishing village.

A year after expanding the works of her charitable agency, Rising Star Outreach,
to tsunami recovery, Becky Douglas of Peachtree Corners has learned how
complicated it can be to try to bring back a way of life that was literally
washed out to sea. She is preparing to return to India this week to review the
aid projects.

Shortly after the tsunami, Douglas went to India with about $65,000 in tsunami
relief funds. Rising Star's plan was to focus on 10 fishing villages, or
kuppams, and help them recover, primarily by repairing and replacing the boats
and nets lost to the disaster. Additional funds of about $150,000 were raised to
advance the program. Each of the kuppams has from 200 to 600 families. Overall,
the Indian government estimated 350,000 fishing boats were lost to the storm.

In the first village aided by Rising Star, a place called Kottivakkam south of
the Indian city of Chennai (formerly Madras), the funds were used to repair 20
fiberglass boats and 19 engines. Also, 68 wooden catamarans were repaired and
about 3,000 pounds of netting were donated.

The help was vital in starting the recovery process, but it was not enough,
Douglas said.

"The need is still there, and it's going to be there for a long time," Douglas
said. "The people of the villages have a long way to go."

The difficulties in the recovery process have been both natural and
bureaucratic, she said.

The enormous force of the tsunami has dramatically altered the coastal seabeds,
in many cases resulting in a diminished catch for the fishermen, who mostly cast
their nets close to shore. This year's monsoon rains have been the strongest and
longest in decades, causing the fishermen to lose many days of fishing to the
bad weather.

Along the coastal area, controversy continues about where to build permanent
housing for the displaced people of the hundreds of kuppams along the 1,000
miles of coastline hit by the tsunami. Mostly, the government-administered
programs seek to relocate the villages inland. The villages, however,
traditionally have been built just off the beach so the fishermen could put
their boats in the sea more easily.

Meanwhile, the people must eat.

Rising Star has begun funding microloans to hundreds of families in the kuppams.
These small, revolving loans --- in the range of 1,000 rupees, or about $20 ---
help the people of the villages set up income-producing businesses.

The most frequent type of microloan is for iced carrying boxes for the women of
the villages to use to buy fish at a central market and then resell them. Other
loans are used for small businesses such as sewing or candle-making.

The repayments of the loans go into a revolving account from which more loans
are made. This part of the program is being administered by Padma Venkataraman,
a member of Rising Star's Indian board and the vice president of the Women's
India Association, a national antipoverty agency.

"We are trying to meet the basic needs of the people of the villages,"
Venkataraman said from India during a recent phone interview.

"With the microloans, the people can get money over and over again rather than
going to the local moneylenders," she said. Frequently, the village people
borrow money to meet daily needs, and, in their current circumstances, they
cannot repay the moneylenders, so they go deeper in debt, she said.

Venkataraman said the microloans have had a positive impact on many people, but
those people are still not back to where they were before the tsunami.

"They are starting to find their way back to normalcy, but it is too early to
say that the people have recovered," she said.

While Douglas is in India, she also will review the main work of Rising Star,
aiding the children of leprosy-affected families. Rising Star has purchased a
tract of land south of Chennai where construction is expected to begin early
this year on a hostel for about 300 children and a school that eventually will
serve more than 700 children.

* A version of this article may appear elsewhere in today's Atlanta
Journal-Constitution.

FOR MORE INFO

* Rising Star Outreach is online at www.risingstaroutreach.org

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The women of the fishing village --- or kuppam --- of Ennore,
near the Indian city of Chennai, raise their hands to show interest in a
microloan program sponsored by Rising Star Outreach.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The News Today (Bangladesh.)

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

Microloans surging in Silicon Valley

LENGTH: 938  words


A daycare provider needed cribs and high chairs. A coffee truck needed a
generator. A couple renting party supplies needed to move from a garage into a
storefront, reports AP.

When these Silicon Valley small businesses needed an influx of cash, and fast,
they didn't find help at a bank. They turned instead to a type of financing more
commonly associated with buying a sewing machine for a Guatemalan tailor or a
tractor for an African farmer.

Microlending, a decades old form of financing for the world's poorest, is now
booming in Silicon Valley. The region leads the country for microlending as a
growing echelon of would-be businesspersons who can't qualify for traditional
bank loans meets money from cash-rich techies and firms, including eBay and
Microsoft, who want to donate in innovative ways.

"Our clients are entrepreneurial people, but the mainstream financial system
doesn't work for them," said Eric Weaver, founder and CEO of the San Jose,
California,-based Opportunity Fund, which invested a record $7.6 million in
loans to small businesses last year, creating about 1,900 jobs.

Beneficiaries range from dry cleaners to barbeque joints, and the lender is now
believed to be the largest financer of food trucks in the state. "A food truck
or a hot dog cart is a U.S. equivalent of a cow in a developing country," he
said. "It's something a family can support itself with."

Paul Cruce tried banks, and even the high tech crowdsourcing route to get his
Holy Cow Coffee Company to join the "upscale food truck brigade" before turning
to Opportunity Fund.

Today, with a new generator powering the refrigerator, espresso machine, coffee
brewer and crepe griddle, the Holy Cow truck is a popular attraction at farmer's
markets.

"I borrowed from Opportunity Fund rather than a bank because they are more in
tune with the needs of small business and have more favorable credit terms,"
Cruce said.

Microlending was devised by Bangladeshi banker Mohammad Yunus, who won the 2006
Nobel Peace Prize for developing the financial instrument that supports would-be
business owners too poor to qualify for traditional bank loans.

Today, the global microfinance industry has more than 200 million clients with
$73 billion in outstanding loans, according to the London-based Centre for the
Study of Financial Innovation. Just a small fraction of those - about $165
million - are in the United States, where about 400 institutions offer
microloans.

Those firms typically give about 45 loans a year, compared with a record 1,200
from Opportunity Fund last year. The program, which is nonprofit and sustained
by donations, has extended to Los Angeles in recent years. And this summer,
Opportunity Fund teamed with Pacific Coast Ventures to target loans to Santa
Cruz and Monterey counties.

Because microlenders work closely with recipients, providing financial education
and business support, the microloans in the San Francisco Bay area have a
delinquency rate of under 1 percent, compared with loss rates of about 5 percent
for more typical loans. Rates range from about 8 to 12 percent, well below the
30 percent credit card rates many entrepreneurs use to try to launch businesses.

Despite a booming tech industry, the region faces growing inequality, stagnant
job growth, soaring housing and transportation costs and widespread low wages.
Small business owners who are largely immigrants point to their microloans,
usually around $15,000, as a turning point for "making it."

Argentine chef Manuel Godino had no credit but lots of demand for his empanadas,
which he cooked in an industrial kitchen and sold to cafes and restaurants. A
microloan helped him launch his own storefront Venga Empanadas in San
Francisco's Mission District, where he employs another eight people.

Confectioner Cristina Arantes tapped Opportunity Fund to support her Kika's
Treats, making chocolate shortbreads and caramels. Tina Ferguson-Riffe turned
her $20,000 loan into a barbeque joint, Smoke Berkeley, where she employs seven
others.

Yale University economics professor Dale Karlan said domestic microlenders
should strive for self-sustenance, rather than depending on charitable dollars.

"Overseas, they figured out how to make this work, and for-profits stepped in,"
he said. "If they have to lose money to make these loans, then this is a
subsidy, not a loan, and then we have to think about the most important things
to subsidize, which might not be a small business."

John Kohler, director of Impact Capital at Santa Clara University's Center for
Science, Technology, and Society, said microloans can be a crucial source of
funding for the 20 to 30 million people in the U.S. who have no checking
accounts or credit.

And although microlenders like Opportunity Fund operate as non-profits,
philanthropists like the model because their money goes further, recycling loans
as they are repaid.

"We are not going to have enough dollars to donate our way out of the grip of
poverty that exists in this country," he said. "Large corporations know this,
and are increasingly preferring evergreen programs that loan the same dollars
again and again instead of just handing over charitable capital."

Sid Espinosa, director of Corporate Citizenship for Microsoft Corp. in the
Silicon Valley, said they chose to give to Opportunity Fund because it solves a
problem for people seeking to launch a business and meets their strict
requirements about who they give to, including providing relief to the poor.

"It's that extra kick they need at this point in their lives," he said. "And
they can turn that loan into a business, into savings to raise a family, into an
education."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The News Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

Microloans surging in Silicon Valley

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 939 words


SAN JOSE, California (AP) A daycare provider needed cribs and high chairs. A
coffee truck needed a generator. A couple renting party supplies needed to move
from a garage into a storefront.

When these Silicon Valley small businesses needed an influx of cash, and fast,
they didn't find help at a bank. They turned instead to a type of financing more
commonly associated with buying a sewing machine for a Guatemalan tailor or a
tractor for an African farmer.

Microlending, a decades old form of financing for the world's poorest, is now
booming in Silicon Valley. The region leads the country for microlending as a
growing echelon of would-be businesspersons who can't qualify for traditional
bank loans meets money from cash-rich techies and firms, including eBay and
Microsoft, who want to donate in innovative ways.

"Our clients are entrepreneurial people, but the mainstream financial system
doesn't work for them," said Eric Weaver, founder and CEO of the San Jose,
California,-based Opportunity Fund, which invested a record $7.6 million in
loans to small businesses last year, creating about 1,900 jobs.

Beneficiaries range from dry cleaners to barbeque joints, and the lender is now
believed to be the largest financer of food trucks in the state. "A food truck
or a hot dog cart is a U.S. equivalent of a cow in a developing country," he
said. "It's something a family can support itself with."

Paul Cruce tried banks, and even the high tech crowdsourcing route to get his
Holy Cow Coffee Company to join the "upscale food truck brigade" before turning
to Opportunity Fund.

Today, with a new generator powering the refrigerator, espresso machine, coffee
brewer and crepe griddle, the Holy Cow truck is a popular attraction at farmer's
markets.

"I borrowed from Opportunity Fund rather than a bank because they are more in
tune with the needs of small business and have more favorable credit terms,"
Cruce said.

Microlending was devised by Bangladeshi banker Mohammad Yunus, who won the 2006
Nobel Peace Prize for developing the financial instrument that supports would-be
business owners too poor to qualify for traditional bank loans.

Today, the global microfinance industry has more than 200 million clients with
$73 billion in outstanding loans, according to the London-based Centre for the
Study of Financial Innovation. Just a small fraction of those about $165 million
are in the United States, where about 400 institutions offer microloans.

Those firms typically give about 45 loans a year, compared with a record 1,200
from Opportunity Fund last year. The program, which is nonprofit and sustained
by donations, has extended to Los Angeles in recent years. And this summer,
Opportunity Fund teamed with Pacific Coast Ventures to target loans to Santa
Cruz and Monterey counties.

Because microlenders work closely with recipients, providing financial education
and business support, the microloans in the San Francisco Bay area have a
delinquency rate of under 1 percent, compared with loss rates of about 5 percent
for more typical loans. Rates range from about 8 to 12 percent, well below the
30 percent credit card rates many entrepreneurs use to try to launch businesses.

Despite a booming tech industry, the region faces growing inequality, stagnant
job growth, soaring housing and transportation costs and widespread low wages.
Small business owners who are largely immigrants point to their microloans,
usually around $15,000, as a turning point for "making it."

Argentine chef Manuel Godino had no credit but lots of demand for his empanadas,
which he cooked in an industrial kitchen and sold to cafes and restaurants. A
microloan helped him launch his own storefront Venga Empanadas in San
Francisco's Mission District, where he employs another eight people.

Confectioner Cristina Arantes tapped Opportunity Fund to support her Kika's
Treats, making chocolate shortbreads and caramels. Tina Ferguson-Riffe turned
her $20,000 loan into a barbeque joint, Smoke Berkeley, where she employs seven
others.

Yale University economics professor Dale Karlan said domestic microlenders
should strive for self-sustenance, rather than depending on charitable dollars.

"Overseas, they figured out how to make this work, and for-profits stepped in,"
he said. "If they have to lose money to make these loans, then this is a
subsidy, not a loan, and then we have to think about the most important things
to subsidize, which might not be a small business."

John Kohler, director of Impact Capital at Santa Clara University's Center for
Science, Technology, and Society, said microloans can be a crucial source of
funding for the 20 to 30 million people in the U.S. who have no checking
accounts or credit.

And although microlenders like Opportunity Fund operate as non-profits,
philanthropists like the model because their money goes further, recycling loans
as they are repaid.

"We are not going to have enough dollars to donate our way out of the grip of
poverty that exists in this country," he said. "Large corporations know this,
and are increasingly preferring evergreen programs that loan the same dollars
again and again instead of just handing over charitable capital."

Sid Espinosa, director of Corporate Citizenship for Microsoft Corp. in the
Silicon Valley, said they chose to give to Opportunity Fund because it solves a
problem for people seeking to launch a business and meets their strict
requirements about who they give to, including providing relief to the poor.

"It's that extra kick they need at this point in their lives," he said. "And
they can turn that loan into a business, into savings to raise a family, into an
education."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             August 29, 2010 Sunday

ACCION ready to assist with microloans

BYLINE: By Elvira M. Valles \ Special to the Times

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 465 words


The nation's largest micro-lender has a regional office in El Paso.

The nonprofit organization ACCION Texas-Louisiana provides microloans when
commercial banks don't. They offer small-business loans to those who can't
access traditional loan services.

In September, the El Paso office has scheduled the following series of monthly
free seminars for small-business owners. All seminars will be at 1359 Lomaland.

     ·    Sept. 23, 5:30 p.m.: David Sublasky, city of El Paso food
          establishment inspector, will speak about code compliance.Oct. 21,
          5:30 p.m.: Bruce Villareal, motivational speaker, will speak about
          "Effective Sales Strategies," and Elvira Valles, ACCION
          Texas-Louisiana, will talk about commercial lending.Nov. 11, 5:30
          p.m.: Salvador Rodriguez, Management Solutions, will discuss quality
          service as an important factor in the bottom line.


ACCION Texas-Louisiana follows the model of U.S. standard commercial lenders.
Its goal is to help businesses establish credit and grow to obtain future
financing from larger lending institutions. It has the largest and best
performing microloan portfolio in the United States -- valued at over $27
million with an average loan size of $16K. Its loans range from $500 to
$100,000.

Microlending is becoming an increasingly important strategy for helping low- and
moderate-income families. Traditional banking institutions are tightening their
guidelines for commercial loans. Due to the sluggish economy, more people are
deciding to begin their own businesses to support their families. As a result,
the microlending market is seeing two things:

     ·    Increased applications for loans from small and startup businesses.A
          more experienced and educated borrower pool.


To gain greater control over their working lives, many families are turning to
microbusiness. Research finds that at least 1.8 million low-income entrepreneurs
do not have access to microfinance products. In El Paso, the demand is greater
than ever.

The small-business segment has long had difficulty getting financing from
mainstream financial institutions because they either don't have collateral or
credit history or they are first-time business owners. ACCION Texas-Louisiana
helps micro-entrepreneurs start or strengthen their business, create employment
and contribute to the economic revitalization of their communities.

Independent studies have also verified that for every dollar ACCION has lent, an
additional 60 cents annually is created in new economic activity.

ACCION Texas-Louisiana's microloans created almost 2,200 new jobs and sustained
more than 4,000 jobs between June 1994 and 2008.

Elvira M. Valles is regional director for ACCION Texas-Louisiana.



About ACCION

     ·    Nonprofit organization ACCION Texas-Louisiana provides microloans
          .Information:"866-312.3775 or visit www.acciontexas.org.


LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

Wells Fargo & Company announces investment in Grameen America

LENGTH: 308  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Wells Fargo & Company announced a $1 million equity equivalent investment in
Grameen America. Wells Fargo's investment will help Grameen America expand
operations in California and Texas, and marks the company's second EQ2
investment in Grameen America. Since 1998, Wells Fargo has provided more than
$181 million in EQ2 financing to communities across the nation.

Grameen America is a 501(c)3 microfinance organization dedicated to helping
women who live in poverty build small businesses to create better lives for them
and their families.

Sarah Bennett, senior vice president and investment manager at Wells Fargo,
said, "At Wells Fargo, we are only as strong as the communities we serve.
Working together with Grameen America means more capital to more entrepreneurs
across the country. We are excited to see them expand their reach and honored to
be part of so many success stories." Wells Fargo's previous EQ2 investment
helped Grameen America expand operations in Charlotte, NC and the San Francisco
Bay Area, providing capital to support more than 700 microloans ranging from
$500-$2,500 to low-income women to build their businesses.

Moreover, Wells Fargo offers retail saving accounts in select locations to
Grameen America's members who are encouraged to make weekly savings deposits as
part of the Grameen America program. Grameen America works with women living
below the poverty line in underserved communities who want to start or expand
their small businesses. The average size of a Grameen America microloan is
$2,200. To date, Grameen America has disbursed over $109 million in microloans
to more than 19,000 women in New York, Omaha, Indianapolis, the Bay Area,
Charlotte and Los Angeles. In addition to microloans, Grameen America offers
members financial training, savings and credit-building programs to build small
businesses.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Mouse River Journal (Towner, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 22, 2014

USDA expands access to credit to help more beginning and family farmers;
Changes Increase Eligibility and Financing Options for Hard Working Families

BYLINE: Mouse River Journal staff

LENGTH: 536  words


Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) will improve farm loans by expanding
eligibility and increasing lending limits to help more beginning and family
farmers. As part of this effort, USDA is raising the borrowing limit for the
microloan program from $35,000 to $50,000; simplify the lending processes;
updating required "farming experience" to include other valuable experiences;
and expanding eligible business entities to reflect chang es in the way family
farms are owned and operated. The changes become effective Nov. 7.

"USDA is continuing its commitment to new and existing family farmers and
ranchers by expanding access to credit," said Harden. "These new flexibilities,
created by the 2014 Farm Bill, will help more people who are considering farming
and ranching, or who want to strengthen their existing family operation."

The microloan changes announced today will allow beginning, small and mid-sized
farmers to access an additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application
process with up to seven years to repay. Microloans are part of USDA's continued
commitment to small and midsized farming operations.

In addition to farm related experience, other types of skills may be considered
to meet the direct farming experience required for farm loan eligibility such as
operation or management of a non-farm business, leadership positions while
serving in the military, or advanced education in an agricultural field. Also,
individuals who own farmland under a different legal entity operating the farm
now may be eligible for loans administered by USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA).
Producers will have an opportunity to share suggestions on the microloan
process, and the definitions of farming experience and business structures
through Dec. 8, 2014, the public open comment period.

FSA is also publishing a Federal Register notice to solicit ideas from the
public for pilot projects to help increase the efficiency and effectiveness of
farm loan programs. Comments and ideas regarding potential pilot projects will
be accepted through Nov. 7, 2014.

Since 2010, USDA has made a record amount of farm loans through FSA -- more than
165,000 loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm
loans now go to beginning farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending
to socially-dis-advantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

These programs were made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill, which builds on
historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years, while
achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers.
Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each provision
of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and
ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit;
funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of life
in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSE

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Mouse River Journal


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                        May 7, 2000 Sunday FINAL EDITION

MICROLOAN PROGRAM IS QUIET GIANT

BYLINE: Jane Applegate

SECTION: BUSINESS; SMALL BUSINESS; Pg. D05

LENGTH: 1190 words


Note to readers: Jane Applegate is on assignment. The following is an update of
a previously published column. She will return with a new column next week.

A Maryland seamstress, a Northern California day-care mother and a Honduran
baker may appear to have little in common, but they're all participating in
microenterprise programs that combine basic business education with small loans
and community support.

"There are sectors of the world awash in money and venture capital," said Bill
Edwards, executive director of the Association for Enterprise Opportunity (AEO)
in Arlington, Va. "But if you are a woman with a minimum-wage job who has been
catering birthday parties for supplemental income, the world is not awash in
capital for you."

AEO is a trade association representing about 430 organizations that make
microloans. AEO defines a microloan as being under $25,000. The average
microloan is $12,000, and made to companies with fewer than five employees.

The concept of making small loans to borrowers required to brush up their
business skills with a group of their peers initially took hold in Third World
countries like Bangladesh. In the past 15 years, it's been gaining support in
the United States, where the Washington, D.C.-based Aspen Institute estimates
there are about 2.3 million low-income entrepreneurs who would benefit from a
microloan.

In 1997, the 283 programs tracked by Aspen served 57,125 individuals, lending
about $33 million to "microentrepreneurs." The average loan amount was $10,000.
Maine tops the list of states with the most microloans outstanding; $19.9
million in 1997. Arkansas, New York, North Carolina, Minnesota, California,
Florida, Massachusetts, Illinois and Ohio are also on the Top 10 list, according
to the Aspen Institute's 1999 microenterprise directory.

There are hundreds of microloan programs operating in the United States, some
offered through government agencies like the U.S. Small Business Administration,
others operated by nonprofit groups and private foundations. The challenge for
U.S. microlenders is that while a $500 loan makes a huge difference in El
Salvador, it hardly helps someone start a business in El Paso, Texas.

John Hatch, founder of the Foundation for International Community Assistance
(FINCA International) said U.S. entrepreneurs require more cash and more
sophisticated business skills to launch a successful business.

"In the Third World, you don't have the regulations we have here in the U.S.,"
said Hatch. "A woman with $50 can move a table out on the sidewalk, buy
vegetables, and get into business right away."

Hatch, who now serves as director of research for FINCA, said he created the
Village Banking (trademark) concept in the mid-1980s, after serving as the
regional director for the Peace Corps in Peru. He said helping women get into
business not only supports families, but decreases domestic violence, and
increases respect for working mothers.

For the fiscal year ended Aug. 31, 1999, FINCA made $40.8 million worth of loans
to 120,000 clients living in 15 countries around the world. In the wake of
Hurricane Mitch, FINCA lent $12 million to low-income families in El Salvador,
Nicaragua and Honduras, with the average loan being $180. In October 1998, after
Hurricane Mitch hit Central America, FINCA helped hundreds of entrepreneurs like
Marinela Castillo of La Paz get back on their feet. FINCA lent Castillo a few
hundred dollars so she could repair her oven. She now bakes 1,000 loaves of
bread a day.

FINCA, which receives funding from the U.S. Agency for International Development
(USAID), encourages women to save a portion of each loan.

"The women are saving about 20 percent of the money we lend them," said Hatch,
adding that the names of the community banks FINCA sets up reflects the
borrowers' dreams. Women in impoverished villages borrow from the "Bank of New
Hope" or the "Bank of New Beginnings." The repayment rate is 96 percent, Hatch
said.

Although it's created more than 5,000 Village Banks in 16 countries since 1984,
the domestic lending program is small. FINCA has made 55 loans to 150 U.S.
borrowers. One success story is Beulah Williams, owner of B.B. Designs in Olney,
Md., a suburb of Washington, D.C.

In 1994, Williams borrowed $500 from FINCA, and used the money to buy a
professional sewing machine. Williams, who said she made her first dress when
she was 8 years old, sews choir robes, makes custom clothing, and does
alterations in her home.

"I had two children at home," said Williams. "One was sick, and I couldn't leave
the house to get a job. When I went to the bank, I couldn't get a credit card. I
didn't have bad credit, I just didn't have any credit at all."

Williams has borrowed and repaid several thousand dollars worth of FINCA loans,
using the money to repair her basement after a flood, and buy new fabric and
sewing machines. "I'm getting my basement done and will be hiring someone to
work for me," said Williams. "I would not have been able to build my business to
what it is today without FINCA." In Marin County, about a dozen women meet
weekly at Tamalpais Bank to learn basic business skills. At the end of the
15-week program, sponsored by Community Action Marin, they can apply for
microloans. Linnea Kilgren makes collectible porcelain dolls; Andrea Harris runs
Little Darlings Child Care in her San Rafael apartment, and Susan Price charges
clients $30 an hour to run errands and organize their lives.

"Before I started this class, I wasn't thinking big," said Harris, a single
mother of two. "I was just a day-care provider. Now, I'm the owner of a small
business."

Harris said being in the training program "has given me a more positive outlook
about the growth of my business." Price Enterprises founder Susan Price said she
hopes to expand her personal-services business nationwide someday. She helps
busy people by doing a variety of errands, ranging from shopping to waiting for
repair people to arrive.

"The women in this program are so great," said Price. "We are all starting out,
and it's very inspiring."

The Community Action Marin program is based on "building a village of women,"
according to program director Katherine Ferar. "A lot of professional women who
help teach the class make themselves available as advisers to the women," she
said.

Although Marin County is home to many affluent suburban families, Ferar said
there are many lower-income residents who need advice and cash to start a small
business.

(For information about FINCA, write to FINCA International Inc., 1101 14th St.,
N.W., 11th Floor, Washington, D.C. 20005. The Association for Enterprise
Opportunity can be reached at: 1-703-841-7760. The association's national
conference takes place this month in Lowell, Mass.)

Reporting by Julie Neal

Jane Applegate is the author of "201 Great Ideas for Your Small Business," and
is founder of applegateway.com, a multimedia Web site for entrepreneurs. readers
can write to her at P.O. Box 768, Pelham, NY 10803, or via email to
jane@janeapplegate.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     October 21, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 PM GMT

North East Microloan Fund is great opportunity for region's small businesses;
Loan fund offers the chance for small firms to grow, says regional chairman of
the Federation of Small Businesses

BYLINE: By chroniclelive.co.uk

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 427 words


Getting access to finance is one of the biggest challenges that small businesses
face when starting and growing a business.

As we wait for news on what the next JEREMIE programme will look like and how it
will support small businesses, there has been some great developments with the
Microloan Fund.

The Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund, managed by Rivers Capital
Partners, has recently announced that it has had its most successful year. The
fund provides much needed access to cash for small businesses in the region with
a streamlined process and quick decision time.

Since inception in 2011 the fund has empowered 403 small businesses in the North
East to expand their operations and start-ups, with a further 39 loans secured
through the fund's follow-on facility.

The fund is designed to support the region's start-ups and small businesses,
with the purpose of stimulating the creation of new business and securing and
safeguarding jobs within the North East. It works to help any eligible business
but is specifically aimed at small businesses with big visions that are denied
loans by traditional lenders. Committed to providing straightforward loans
anywhere between £1,000 and £25,000 with the potential in exceptional cases to
go to £50,000.

The fund's portfolio has contributed year-on-year to the growth of the economy,
creating over £61m worth of turnover in the North East since inception. With a
strong commitment to stimulating new business and developing the North East's
economy, the Microloan Fund's portfolio has successfully created and safeguarded
over 1000 jobs in the region.

Sharing its wealth of experience in successfully managing and raising finance
for their own businesses, Rivers Capital worked hard in 2015 to educate the
North East about the sources of finance available in the region.

Determined to encourage emerging entrepreneurs, Rivers Capital has held 23
events to-date, roughly one every two weeks. The suite of seminars broke down
'managing your money to grow your business' issues to people seeking or about to
seek finance. The aim was to help them come to an investor better prepared with
an understanding of the ins and outs of securing loan finance.

Looking to the end of 2015, the fund has just under £1m in loans to invest up
until December 31 into small businesses that have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance.

If you're a small business looking that is looking for money to fund your big
idea there is no better time to get in touch with the team at Rivers Capital.

Ted Salmon, FSB regional chairman

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

An invitation to get involved with SowHope: Sharing Opportunities with Women

LENGTH: 757  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Wesleyan University has issued the following news release:

A Wesleyan neighbor, Renata Bertotti, volunteers for a non-profit called SowHope
("Sharing Opportunities with Women"). Renata wrote to ENGAGE to ask us to share
this information and invite students to learn about SowHope and support their
mission.

Mary Dailey Brown, the founder of SowHope, with a microloan recipient in Uganda

Mary Dailey Brown, the founder of SowHope, with a microloan recipient in Uganda

We live in a world where roughly half the population, about 2.8 billion people,
live on less than $2 a day.  This situation reflects abject poverty, hunger, and
unsafe living conditions.  All of these descriptors have a pronounced effect on
women due to gender inequality.

Research statistics identify that women are much more likely than men under the
same circumstances to take an opportunity for improvement offered them and
capitalize on it for the benefit of their families.  When women have a voice and
an income the benefits extend to their children, their family and their
community.  Societies at large benefit when basic opportunities are
compassionately provided to women who live in desperate conditions.

Mary Dailey Brown, SowHope Founder and President, sensed an unshakeable burden
to do something to help these women around the world.  SowHope was founded after
she realized that there were very few organizations focused on helping women
exclusively and none that offered a broad enough scope of services to
effectively change lives on a massive scale.

The mission of SowHope is to inspire women around the world by promoting
wellness, education, and economic opportunities.  This is done by partnering
with local leaders solving local problems using local solutions.  SowHope
believes that the answer to solving problems lies with competent and passionate
community leaders who are able to recognize concerns, problems, and the
corresponding solutions specific to their own society and culture.  These
partners are invited to submit projects specifically addressing wellness,
education, or economic opportunities for impoverished women in their area.

Wellness: Includes programs to serve the physical and emotional needs of women
whose health is at risk or who have been abused or traumatized.  In the
Democratic Republic of the Congo, SowHope funded an association of women to
better equip a birthing center they built.
        Education: Encompasses programs that teach literacy and offer vocational
and technical training.  SowHope funded a literacy and vocational training for
AIDS victims in Rwanda that placed vulnerable young women in a supportive group
and taught them to sew, to read, write, and do math at a basic level.
        Economic: Focuses on micro-loans and small business training programs.
SowHope provided seed money for a microloan group in Uganda that has funded
microloans for over 170 women. These microloan groups operate with a 100%
pay-back rate and are sustainable.

SowHope currently has projects through partners in 9 countries: India, Pakistan,
Bangladesh, Egypt, Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, Nigeria, and Kenya.  We
have planned an exploratory trip to South Sudan to meet with a potential new
partner.

There are several ways you can get involved:

Stay Informed: The work of SowHope is strengthened by the number of people who
keep connected and develop awareness of the various issues and needs facing
these women and their communities. Visit sowhope.org and click on "sign up" to
receive our e-communications.
        Get Social: SowHope has active Facebook and Twitter accounts.  "Like"
and "Follow" us to show your support and "Like", "Favorite", "Share" and
"ReTweet" our posts to let others know this cause is important to you.
        Fundraise: Think of a creative way to raise money that will help fund
the wellness, education, and economic projects.  We had one supporter run a ½
marathon and she collected pledges per mile in support of women who live on less
than $2 a day.  She ended up getting more than 5x the goal she set!
        Host a Documentary Viewing: SowHope has a 30-minute documentary that
explores the struggles and triumphs of women in the Developing World and the
transformational effect of hope. You can watch the trailer by visiting
sowhope.org.  Contact us at info@sowhope.org if this is something in which you
are interested.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

An invitation to get involved with SowHope: Sharing Opportunities with Women

LENGTH: 757  words

DATELINE: Lincoln


Nebraska Wesleyan University has issued the following news release:

A Wesleyan neighbor, Renata Bertotti, volunteers for a non-profit called SowHope
("Sharing Opportunities with Women"). Renata wrote to ENGAGE to ask us to share
this information and invite students to learn about SowHope and support their
mission.

Mary Dailey Brown, the founder of SowHope, with a microloan recipient in Uganda

Mary Dailey Brown, the founder of SowHope, with a microloan recipient in Uganda

We live in a world where roughly half the population, about 2.8 billion people,
live on less than $2 a day.  This situation reflects abject poverty, hunger, and
unsafe living conditions.  All of these descriptors have a pronounced effect on
women due to gender inequality.

Research statistics identify that women are much more likely than men under the
same circumstances to take an opportunity for improvement offered them and
capitalize on it for the benefit of their families.  When women have a voice and
an income the benefits extend to their children, their family and their
community.  Societies at large benefit when basic opportunities are
compassionately provided to women who live in desperate conditions.

Mary Dailey Brown, SowHope Founder and President, sensed an unshakeable burden
to do something to help these women around the world.  SowHope was founded after
she realized that there were very few organizations focused on helping women
exclusively and none that offered a broad enough scope of services to
effectively change lives on a massive scale.

The mission of SowHope is to inspire women around the world by promoting
wellness, education, and economic opportunities.  This is done by partnering
with local leaders solving local problems using local solutions.  SowHope
believes that the answer to solving problems lies with competent and passionate
community leaders who are able to recognize concerns, problems, and the
corresponding solutions specific to their own society and culture.  These
partners are invited to submit projects specifically addressing wellness,
education, or economic opportunities for impoverished women in their area.

Wellness: Includes programs to serve the physical and emotional needs of women
whose health is at risk or who have been abused or traumatized.  In the
Democratic Republic of the Congo, SowHope funded an association of women to
better equip a birthing center they built.
        Education: Encompasses programs that teach literacy and offer vocational
and technical training.  SowHope funded a literacy and vocational training for
AIDS victims in Rwanda that placed vulnerable young women in a supportive group
and taught them to sew, to read, write, and do math at a basic level.
        Economic: Focuses on micro-loans and small business training programs.
SowHope provided seed money for a microloan group in Uganda that has funded
microloans for over 170 women. These microloan groups operate with a 100%
pay-back rate and are sustainable.

SowHope currently has projects through partners in 9 countries: India, Pakistan,
Bangladesh, Egypt, Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, Nigeria, and Kenya.  We
have planned an exploratory trip to South Sudan to meet with a potential new
partner.

There are several ways you can get involved:

Stay Informed: The work of SowHope is strengthened by the number of people who
keep connected and develop awareness of the various issues and needs facing
these women and their communities. Visit sowhope.org and click on "sign up" to
receive our e-communications.
        Get Social: SowHope has active Facebook and Twitter accounts.  "Like"
and "Follow" us to show your support and "Like", "Favorite", "Share" and
"ReTweet" our posts to let others know this cause is important to you.
        Fundraise: Think of a creative way to raise money that will help fund
the wellness, education, and economic projects.  We had one supporter run a ½
marathon and she collected pledges per mile in support of women who live on less
than $2 a day.  She ended up getting more than 5x the goal she set!
        Host a Documentary Viewing: SowHope has a 30-minute documentary that
explores the struggles and triumphs of women in the Developing World and the
transformational effect of hope. You can watch the trailer by visiting
sowhope.org.  Contact us at info@sowhope.org if this is something in which you
are interested.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Banking and Stock Exchange, Finance, Economics (Russia)

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Amendments to the law "On Micro-Financing Activities" (151-FZ) became effective
March 29, 2016. With strict capital and provision requirements, experts expect
growth of the micro-lending market to slow down by 60-80%. No applications for
the status of a micro-financing organization (MFO) have been submitted to the
Bank of Russia so far. The Bank of Russia expects an increase in MFO loan
portfolios by 15-20%, said Mikhail Mamuta, Head of the Bank of Russia Chief
Directorate for Micro-Financing and Financial Inclusion Methodology

SECTION: BANKING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES; No. 56

LENGTH: 598 words


Reference: Anastasia Alekseevskikh "MFO Hit by Reform", Izvestia, No.54, March
30, 2016, p.1; TASS, "About 50 MFO to Be Allowed to Borrow from Individuals",
Kommersant, No.53, March 30, 2016, p.8; "Mamuta: MFO Market to Grow 15-20% in
2016", TASS, March 29, 2016

Maximum 150 of 3,500 MFOs operating in Russia will be eligible for the status of
a micro-financing organization, says a source close to the Bank of Russia. 96%
of MFOs will become micro-loan companies. Vladimir Chistyukhin, the Bank of
Russia Deputy Governor, thinks the status of a micro-financing organization will
be awarded to 50 companies at most. Under the law, these are companies with
capital of at least RUR 70 million. They will be allowed to grant loans only out
of own funds. The maximum loan amount is limited to RUR 1 million for
micro-financing organizations and to RUR 500 million for micro-loan ones. "A
transition period for MFOs to be awarded the appropriate status will be twelve
months. Upon expiry of this period, all companies which failed to fulfill this
requirement will automatically turn into micro-lenders," the Bank of Russia
press service said. "Individuals will be able to take out micro-loans without
restriction until the end of the transition period."

Furthermore, as required by the Bank of Russia, all micro-lenders have to make
provisions for 60% of their portfolios until the end of 2016 and for 100% until
the end of 2017.

"In view of a considerable share of troubled loans on the books of MFOs (39% on
average), making provisions for such loans may cost out at up to a third of
their aggregate capital," RAEX (Expert RA) says in a survey. "Microloan
portfolios added average 25% in 2015 (a number of MFOs reduced them by 80%). The
micro-loan market amounted to RUR 63 billion in 2015. Growth of the market will
slow down to 10% in 2016 in the wake of tougher regulatory requirements, its
amount to be about RUR 69.3 billion."

Micro-lenders have no opportunity to offset expenses arising from these
innovations by raising interest rates on microloans because of regulatory
restrictions on such rates (maximum rates reach 54.7-807% annual depending on
the term and amount, security, etc.). Experts are sure that MFOs will have to
ramp up debt recovery using the services of collection agencies. Individuals
experienced the slump in income and will hardly repay microloans properly.

The data from Rosstat shows that real personal income in Russia decreased by
6.9% in February 2016 (by 6.3% in January, by 0.8% in December 2015).

"MFOs work with collection agencies more and more frequently," says Elena
Dokuchaeva, President of Sequoia Credit Consolidation. "Microloans accounted for
less than 1% of loans handed over to collectors in 2014. In 2015, it was more
than 2.5%. Besides, MFOs started to hand over "younger" overdue loans as they
realize that success of the recovery process is directly dependent on the period
during which a loan is in arrears."

MFOs hand over about 20% of overdue loans to collection agencies versus 40%
handed over by banks, says Elena Dokuchaeva.

The micro-financing reform will lead to an increase in debt assignment by 50% in
2016 (the amount assigned was RUR 8.9 billion in 2015), she thinks.

"About 30 tenders were announced in 2015 versus 10 a year earlier. Average 50
tenders are expected in 2016," says Elena Dokuchaeva.

One more scenario is that MFOs will scale down their business as it becomes less
profitable. However, customers will not see any "domino effect" after exit of
some players from the market, says Ivan Uklein, a bank rating analyst at Expert
RA.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                      December 21, 2015 Monday 6:30 PM GMT

The Parlour at Blagdon set to expand after receiving £35,000 Microloan;
Rivers Capital Partners-run fund caters for small firms unable to gain financial
backing from mainstream lenders

BYLINE: By Robert Gibson

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 253 words


A North East café and bistro is set for growth after receiving a £35,000 boost
through the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund.

The Parlour at Blagdon, which occupies a 2.2 acre site at The Blagdon Estate,
just north of Newcastle, is looking to expand into weddings, christenings and
Christmas parties.

The financial assistance will also allow it to take on three extra full-time
members of staff and further develop its kitchen.

Owned by Carole and Nigel Marcantonio, The Parlour is well-known for its 13
varieties of ice cream, made exclusively from milk from cows on the Blagdon
Estate.

The Marcantonio family have a wealth of experience in the hospitality and
catering industry and have been producing ice cream in the Newcastle area since
as far back as 1902.

Run through Rivers Capital Partners - which bases its decision on the quality of
the business, rather than the extent of its assets - the Microloan Fund offers
loans of £1,000 - £50,000 to small firms that are unable to receive financial
backing from mainstream lenders.

The process is designed to be quick and easy, with successful applicants
receiving the money within an average two weeks.

James Holloway, investment executive at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "Nigel
has done incredible work developing the Parlour into a landmark, and we're proud
to help him take it further.

"They are careful to use locally sourced ingredients and follow old family
recipes, making the Parlour an ideal candidate for regional support such as the
Microloan Fund."

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sunday Mercury

                                 March 21, 2010
                                 First Edition

STUDENT LOANS AT 2,600% ARP;
Loan firm under attack as fears rise of a campus debts crisis

BYLINE: ADAM GRINSELL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 803 words


STUDENTS face money problems at the best of times. With the recent delays to
university loans leaving thousands on the breadline, many could be tempted to
approach companies like Toothfairy Finance, which offers short-term microloans.
But the borrowing - which can be approved in just 60 seconds - comes at a high
price as the firm is charging 2,600 per cent APR.

Student welfare bosses at one Midland university are now so concerned about
microloans that they have put up warning posters.

Debt help groups have received complaints about Toothfairy, while Trading
Standards is 'aware' of the firm which charges pounds 9 interest per week on
every pounds 100 borrowed.

But the Barnet-based company claims to have more than 10,000 satisfied customers
and only a handful of unhappy clients.

Its spokesman Oliver Larholt also denied the company is charging extraordinarily
high levels of interest.

He said: ''These are short-term bridging loans to see people through difficult
periods.

''They are a convenient, fast way to avoid going into an overdraft, for which
you would be charged pounds 5 per day.

"I want to emphasise that this is short-term - much cheaper than going into an
overdraft.'' Finances for university-goers have been hit particularly hard this
year after delays in the payments from the Student Loans Company because of
bureaucratic bungling.

Toothfairy offers a range of small loans, with one university flyer stating:
''Every student is entitled to a pounds 300 emergency loan. (pounds 9 per pounds
100 per week).'' On its website the company admits a typical loan would work out
at a whopping 2,689 per cent APR.

Professor John Fender, an economics expert at the University of Birmingham, said
he was surprised at such a high rate.

"It strikes me as a pretty amazing rate of interest,'' he said.

"When you consider the Bank of England base rate is 0.5 per cent, I would
consider rates on credit cards of 40 or 50 per cent annually to be high.

Shortfall "This type of microloan company is similar to pawn brokers, who take
personal items as collateral to ensure their money is returned, but in this case
they use the threat of legal action.

"Microloans are only suitable if someone has a temporary shortfall in income,
otherwise I don't think there is any real need.

"The attraction to financially naive students is the quick fix aspect.

"There are alternatives like student loans, credit cards, or even the bank of
mum and dad."

The speedy application process is also a concern for student groups.

Toothfairy's website boasts being able to "provide you the money direct into
your account in as little as 60 seconds", as customers can apply by phone text,
or by filling out an on-line form.

Matt Ward, welfare vice-president at the University of Wolverhampton, has been
warning students against using microloan companies by putting up posters around
campus.

He said: "The loans are a big worry because of the interest rate.

''They also make it too easy for people to take out loans and get into debt.

"I would recommend students contact their advice and support centre instead.
They can set up payment plans for free, and see if they are eligible for a
bursary."

Chris Tapp, director of financeadvice charity Credit Action, also claims to have
received 10 complaints about the company in the last four months.

He said: "Students have no regular income, no payday, and do not know where
their next wad of cash is coming from. The amount they have to pay back becomes
pretty significant.

"To come down quickly and hard on people is a harsh way to go about doing
business."

Toothfairy spokesman Oliver Larholt defended his company, saying all APR rates
were fair and transparent.

"We are very proud of how transparent our communication plan is,'' he said.

"We warn them that over the longer period this is not the best way to finance
themselves.

"We have to make sure that customers are able to pay us back. Using a company
called Call Credit, we look at 526 fields of information to check everyone who
applies to us, including mobile phone payments and car insurance.

"We specialise in student customers.

Students receive grants, part-time work and parental income, and we provide a
shortterm bridging loan until these come through.

"If someone misses a payment, we normally mark down their credit record, but
when the student loans were late, we didn't report any payment problems until a
period after their student loans were received.

"The loan rolls over until such a time that they are able to pay, and we wait a
reasonable period of time before taking alternative action.'' Mr Larholt said he
was unaware of any Trading Standards investigation, but said the company 'works
closely' with councils to adhere to the strict guidelines on advertising
consumer products.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  WARNING: Bally Singh, Wolverhampton University Students Union
President, and Matt Ward, Welfare Vice President. LOANS: Left, Toothfairy
spokesman Oliver Larholt and, above, one of the firm's adverts.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: my


               Copyright 2010 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                       June 23, 2015 Tuesday 1:39 PM GMT

Unusual furniture designers Dearden land funding to grow on Teesside;
Middlesbrough firm is the latest firm to benefit from Microloan funding through
venture capitalists Rivers Capital Partners

BYLINE: By Tom Keighley

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 334 words


A Middlesbrough-based furniture designer has secured £25,000 funding to push his
trendy products into major trade shows.

Dearden, which is run by Nick Dearden, produces furniture and lighting for the
international market.

Last year the brand's prototype expanding table featured on Stephen Fry and
Richard Ayoade's Gadget Man TV series.

The table was inspired by Robert Duke, a furniture upholsterer who, in 1885,
tried to create a similar product.

Now a £25,000 loan from regional venture capitalists Rivers Capital Partners'
Microloan Fund will be used to put Dearden's products in front of more potential
buyers.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "Nick is a great
example for North-east businesses. In a matter of years, Nick envisages his
business as an internationally recognised brand name. He would like to be
producing products that have a legacy and will come to be regarded as family
heirlooms.

"The funding will enable Nick to employ an apprentice and assistant designer,
freeing up his time to focus on a strategy for growth."

As well as the expanding table, Mr Dearden has built a chandelier that resembles
chrome exhaust pipes and provides multi-directional lighting from a single
source.

The firm has also produced a range of office chairs that are inspired by seats
found in classic sports cars.

Using part of the Microloan funding, Mr Dearden hopes to take his furniture
pieces to design shows and by autumn he plans to have produced 20 tables and
chandeliers to showcase at the 100% Design event in London. Here he hopes to
attract interest from retail buyers.

The North East Microloan Fund provides small loans of £1,000-£25,000 to regional
small businesses who lack finance to fuel their concept.

The Fund is specifically aimed at businesses that have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance and can provide affordable credit for those with a poor
credit history.

Rivers Capital Partners base their lending decisions on the quality of the
business model, not assets.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                       June 20, 2015 Saturday 9:14 PM GMT

Unusual furniture designers Dearden land funding to grow on Teesside;
Middlesbrough firm is the latest firm to benefit from Microloan funding through
venture capitalists Rivers Capital Partners

BYLINE: By Tom Keighley

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 334 words


A Middlesbrough-based furniture designer has secured £25,000 funding to push his
trendy products into major trade shows.

Dearden, which is run by Nick Dearden, produces furniture and lighting for the
international market.

Last year the brand's prototype expanding table featured on Stephen Fry and
Richard Ayoade's Gadget Man TV series.

The table was inspired by Robert Duke, a furniture upholsterer who, in 1885,
tried to create a similar product.

Now a £25,000 loan from regional venture capitalists Rivers Capital Partners'
Microloan Fund will be used to put Dearden's products in front of more potential
buyers.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "Nick is a great
example for North East businesses. In a matter of years, Nick envisages his
business as an internationally recognised brand name. He would like to be
producing products that have a legacy and will come to be regarded as family
heirlooms.

"The funding will enable Nick to employ an apprentice and assistant designer,
freeing up his time to focus on a strategy for growth."

As well as the expanding table, Mr Dearden has built a chandelier that resembles
chrome exhaust pipes and provides multi-directional lighting from a single
source.

The firm has also produced a range of office chairs that are inspired by seats
found in classic sports cars.

Using part of the Microloan funding, Mr Dearden hopes to take his furniture
pieces to design shows and by autumn he plans to have produced 20 tables and
chandeliers to showcase at the 100% Design event in London. Here he hopes to
attract interest from retail buyers.

The North East Microloan Fund provides small loans of £1,000-£25,000 to regional
small businesses who lack finance to fuel their concept.

The Fund is specifically aimed at businesses that have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance and can provide affordable credit for those with a poor
credit history.

Rivers Capital Partners base their lending decisions on the quality of the
business model, not assets.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                thejournal.co.uk

                       June 20, 2015 Saturday 9:14 PM GMT

Unusual furniture designers Dearden land funding to grow on Teesside;
Middlesbrough firm is the latest firm to benefit from Microloan funding through
venture capitalists Rivers Capital Partners

BYLINE: By Tom Keighley

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 334 words


A Middlesbrough-based furniture designer has secured £25,000 funding to push his
trendy products into major trade shows.

Dearden, which is run by Nick Dearden, produces furniture and lighting for the
international market.

Last year the brand's prototype expanding table featured on Stephen Fry and
Richard Ayoade's Gadget Man TV series.

The table was inspired by Robert Duke, a furniture upholsterer who, in 1885,
tried to create a similar product.

Now a £25,000 loan from regional venture capitalists Rivers Capital Partners'
Microloan Fund will be used to put Dearden's products in front of more potential
buyers.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "Nick is a great
example for North East businesses. In a matter of years, Nick envisages his
business as an internationally recognised brand name. He would like to be
producing products that have a legacy and will come to be regarded as family
heirlooms.

"The funding will enable Nick to employ an apprentice and assistant designer,
freeing up his time to focus on a strategy for growth."

As well as the expanding table, Mr Dearden has built a chandelier that resembles
chrome exhaust pipes and provides multi-directional lighting from a single
source.

The firm has also produced a range of office chairs that are inspired by seats
found in classic sports cars.

Using part of the Microloan funding, Mr Dearden hopes to take his furniture
pieces to design shows and by autumn he plans to have produced 20 tables and
chandeliers to showcase at the 100% Design event in London. Here he hopes to
attract interest from retail buyers.

The North East Microloan Fund provides small loans of £1,000-£25,000 to regional
small businesses who lack finance to fuel their concept.

The Fund is specifically aimed at businesses that have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance and can provide affordable credit for those with a poor
credit history.

Rivers Capital Partners base their lending decisions on the quality of the
business model, not assets.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBTJN


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA expands access to credit to help more beginning and family
farms and ranches

LENGTH: 563  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden announced Oct. 7 that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) will improve farm loans by expanding
eligibility and increasing lending limits to help more beginning and family
farmers and ranchers. As part of this effort, USDA is raising the borrowing
limit for the microloan program from $35,000 to $50,000; simplify the lending
processes; updating required "farming experience" to include other valuable
experiences; and expanding eligible business entities to reflect changes in the
way family farms are owned and operated. The changes become effective Nov. 7.

"USDA is continuing its commitment to new and existing family farmers and
ranchers by expanding access to credit," said Harden. "These new flexibilities,
created by the 2014 Farm Bill, will help more people who are considering farming
and ranching, or who want to strengthen their existing family operation."

The microloan changes will allow beginning, small and mid-sized farmers and
ranchers to access an additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application
process with up to seven years to repay. Microloans are part of USDA's continued
commitment to small and mid-sized farming operations.

In addition to farm related experience, other types of skills may be considered
to meet the direct farming experience required for farm loan eligibility such as
operation or management of a non-farm business, leadership positions while
serving in the military, or advanced education in an agricultural field. Also,
individuals who own farmland under a different legal entity operating the farm
now may be eligible for loans administered by USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA).
Producers will have an opportunity to share suggestions on the microloan
process, and the definitions of farming experience and business structures
through Dec. 8, 2014, the public open comment period.

FSA is also publishing a Federal Register notice to solicit ideas from the
public for pilot projects to help increase the efficiency and effectiveness of
farm loan programs. Comments and ideas regarding potential pilot projects will
be accepted through Nov. 7, 2014.

Since 2010, USDA has made a record amount of farm loans through FSA - more than
165,000 loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm
loans now go to beginning farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending
to socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

These programs were made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill, which builds on
historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years, while
achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers.
Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each provision
of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and
ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit;
funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of life
in rural America

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:    editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Microloan banking hero under fire in Bangladesh

BYLINE: Jonathan Manthorpe, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: NEWS; Jonathan Manthorpe; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 803  words


A long-running vendetta between the government of Bangladesh and the country's
Nobel Peace Prize-winning economist, Muhammad Yunus, came to the boil last week
when the champion of fighting poverty with small business startup loans was
ordered to quit the leadership of his Grameen Bank.

But a spokesman for the bank, general manager Jannate-Kownine, said Yunus will
stay on as managing director while he challenges in court the order from the
Bangladesh Bank, the country's central bank. The Bangladeshi High Court heard
arguments from lawyers at the end of last week.

The picayune grounds for demanding Yunus's removal underline the view that this
is a political vendetta against him.

The Bangladesh Bank says Yunus should have retired 10 years ago, at age 60, and
a decision by the Grameen Bank board to allow him to continue indefinitely is
invalid because the central bank did not approve it.

The move to oust Yunus comes after several years of sometimes bitter animosity
toward him from Bangladesh's prime minister, Sheikh Hasina, who is thought to
see him as a potential political rival. She once denounced Yunus as a
"bloodsucker of the poor."

The efforts to remove Yunus from the bank also come at a time of debate over the
concept for which he and his bank won the 2006 Nobel Prize for alleviating
poverty by providing small loans, primarily to women, to start small businesses
such as kiosk shops, tea stalls or small agricultural enterprises.

But microfinance, as it is called, has become a hugely profitable business
worldwide as moneylenders have cashed in on investors' belief that they can do
good for the poor and make money at the same time.

One Indian microloan company, Swayam Krishi Sangham, founded as a charity in
1998 and subsequently transformed into a for-profit enterprise, last year raised
$358 million in an initial public offering. The latest figures from the
Microfinance Information Exchange say there are 92.4 million microborrowers
worldwide who have loans totalling $65.1 billion from 1,800 lenders.

But from South Asia, Africa, Latin America and the poorer parts of eastern
Europe have come numerous stories of excessively high interest rates being
charged and strongarm tactics being used by lenders if the women don't have
their weekly repayments.

The Indian state of Andhra Pradesh last year legislated a raft of rules and
regulations governing microfinancing after it appeared that 50 people, mostly
women, committed suicide when they were unable to pay back their loans.

Some critics contend that far from being a "silver bullet" to make poverty
history, the system has driven the very poorest of people into the hands of loan
sharks.

With interest rates charged by some microloan companies ranging anywhere from 40
per cent to as high as 100 per cent, some analysts contend that up to 60 per
cent of borrowers have to take out multiple loans to make repayments. In
Bangladesh, the interest rate that can be charged has been pegged at a maximum
of 27 per cent.

The defenders of Yunus contend that many of these microloan companies have
perverted his concept. The viability of the system, which usually sees over 90
per cent of the Grameen Bank's customers making repayments without problems,
should not be judged by how unscrupulous operators have used it.

At the moment Grameen has 8.3 million customers, most of them poor women, and
$10 billion in loans. This represents about a third of the microloan business in
Bangladesh.

Hasina lashed out at the Grameen at a news conference last year, saying the bank
has been "sucking money out of the people after giving them loans. There has
been no improvement in the lifestyle of the poor so far. They were just used as
pawns to get more aid."

Hasina also attacked Yunus directly, accusing him of playing "a trick" to avoid
taxes after donations from the Norwegian government were found to have been
transferred without permission from the Grameen Bank to an associated
foundation, Grameen Kalyan.

An investigation by the Norwegian government found that while it was technically
a breach of the agreement under which the money was donated, no money had gone
missing and the matter was corrected without problem or loss. But that
conclusion has not stopped rumours about the Grameen Bank or the apparent
determination of Hasina to humble Yunus.

The reason usually given for her apparent resentment is that she sees his high
international profile and his brief flirtation with the idea of starting his own
political party after a military coup in 2007 as a threat to her own supremacy.

That may be true, but there is also undoubtedly the factor that governments,
especially in developing countries, don't like having the opportunity to
dispense patronage aid to the poor wrenched from their grasp.

Jonathan Manthorpe is a columnist with the Vancouver Sun.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Munir Uz Zaman,  AFP, Getty Images; Microfinance pioneer Muhammad Yunus
emerges from court in Dhaka on Monday. He's contesting his removal from his post
at the Grameen Bank.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              May 15, 2009 Friday
                             Web-Exclusive Edition

Boulder, banks create microloan fund;
Program designed to help small businesses obtain loans up to $50,000

BYLINE: Alicia Wallace Camera Business Writer

SECTION: LOCAL BUSINESS

LENGTH: 461 words


The city of Boulder has partnered with area financial institutions to create a
microloan fund designed to help Boulder-area small businesses obtain loans
during a time of tightened credit.

The fund, which has a current balance of $325,000, is expected to extend loans
of up to $50,000 for general working capital purposes for businesses and
nonprofit organizations with annual gross revenues of less than $2 million. The
city of Boulder, Wells Fargo Bank, First National Bank, US Bank and the Colorado
Enterprise Fund contributed to the fund.

The creation of the fund was spurred after one of the city's business incentive
programs -- the owner-occupied loan pool to help businesses purchase their own
properties -- did not help as many businesses as hoped, said Liz Hanson, the
city's business liaison.

Considering the current economic climate, the city opted to provide a $50,000
grant to the microloan program from the Economic Vitality Program, which offers
other incentives, including tax and fees rebates for primary employers, she
said.

"Around (December and January) we heard from several businesses who said, 'Look,
we're really hurting. We knew it was going to be a rough few months ... we have
waited that out, and now that is not getting better and we need help to get
through this period,'" Hanson said.

"And these are not new or risky businesses, they are businesses that have a
track record of doing business here in Boulder."

With help from the Boulder Economic Council, the economic development arm of the
Boulder Chamber, the city remained in contact with some of the lenders who
participated in the owner-occupied loan pool, said Frances Draper, the economic
council's executive director. The hope is to have other financial institutions
join on, subsequently increasing the fund, she said.

Under the terms of the microloan program, 80 percent of the fund's dollars need
to be loaned to businesses or nonprofits that have their primary operations
based in the city of Boulder, Draper said. Also, 60 percent of the funds will be
loaned to businesses and nonprofits that have annual revenue below $1 million,
she said.

The interest rate and terms will depend on the size of the loan, said Ceyl
Prinster, president of the Colorado Enterprise Fund, a nonprofit community
development financial institution. Prinster added that the annual interest rates
should range between 9 percent and 12 percent and the loan terms can be varied,
and could range up to seven years.

"It's just great to have the community partners all kind of coming together with
the city and the banks," she said. "That's what I think is exciting."

To apply for a loan

, contact Lewis Hagler, of the Colorado Enterprise Fund, at 303-860-0242, ext.
14 or lewis@coloradoenterprisefund.org

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                            February 9, 2014 Sunday
                             Business Times Edition

Second-hand Money-making. Tough times mean good fortunes

BYLINE: ADELE SHEVEL

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 665  words


Second-hand Money-making. But microloans are Cash Converters' bestselling
business

Tough times mean good fortunes

MENTION the company Cash Converters and the response is usually: "Doesn't it
sell second-hand goods and aren't most of the products it sells stolen?"

The reality is somewhat different. Most of the goods brought to the company's
shops are sold by people from more affluent areas who want to replace their kit
with the latest TVs or hi-fis, or want a new lounge suite.

One might assume that the shops operate in lower-income areas, but they are more
common in the wealthier suburbs, close to homes oozing products that are due to
be replaced.

Moreover, two-thirds of Cash Converters' business now comes from microloans.

The firm has been in South Africa for 20 years, part of a 30-year-old business
listed on the Australian Stock Exchange.

The company buys unwanted items, fixes them and sells them. It pays a third or
possibly a quarter of the retail price and resells the goods at about half the
price of new products.

When South Africa's banks restricted loans to consumers, Cash Converters began
offering loans and has been doing so with gusto since 2007.

CEO Richard Mukheibir brought the franchise to South Africa in 1994 to sell
goods to emerging markets: "It's like the McDonald's drive-through for
second-hand goods," he said.

The credit options available to clients are cash advances and payday advances.
The former, a secured microloan, averages R500 for a 30-day loan and consumers
are able to borrow a maximum of R8000. Payday advances - unsecured microloans -
average R1200 for a 30-day loan and have a maximum of R4000.

Mukheibir said the business was for people who need cash quickly as well as
those who want to upgrade their gadgets. Cash Converters mostly sells electronic
items such as TVs, cellphones and even iPads.

Of the 850 stores in 25 countries around the world, the largest is in Hillfox,
Johannesburg. It specialises in furniture.

There are 68 Cash Converters stores in the country. The company plans to build
10 in the next six months and double the number of outlets in the next five
years.

Mukheibir said the business did better in tough times, so indications are that
Cash Converters is in for a buoyant time for the next few years.

Retail turnover is up 26% over the past year, higher than that shown in the
listed universe.

Some of the stranger goods Cash Converters has bought include a pair of live
ostriches, goldfish and a tombstone.

"We don't want to say no. We want to create in the mind of consumers a place
where they can bring anything," said Mukheibir.

There is little doubt that stolen goods do creep into the system. "We will never
get it right all the time," said Mukhribir. But he added that less than 0.5% of
goods taken in annually had been stolen.

To keep sellers on the straight and narrow, the business does not deal with
anyone under the age of 18. It also requires the contact numbers and addresses
of the sellers, photographs everything and marks goods with the date of the
transaction and the time.

Cash Converters also "matches" a seller with an item. An 18-year-old trying to
off-load a hefty diamond ring, for example, would raise a red flag because few
youngsters own such an item.

And, to avoid the danger of having too much cash on the premises, money is
loaded to a debit card.

Cash Converters has 150 shops in Australia - which has a population of 23.4
million - and 240 in the UK, which is home to 63 million people.

"South African consumers are very brand conscious. They want newer models," said
Mukheibir.

Branded goods were always preferred to unbranded items - even though the price
was higher, he said.

The company's two microlending options are the fastest growing category for Cash
Converters, but the business does not implement garnishee orders.

It has also moved into the second-hand car market.

LOOK WHAT I FOUND: CEO Richard Mukheibir says even a pair of live ostriches has
been offered for sale Picture: by KATHERINE MUICK-MERE

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Star (Sheffield)

                                 June 29, 2004

Small is beautiful for loan provider

SOURCE: The Star (Sheffield)

LENGTH: 413 words


Small firms in South Yorkshire are being helped by an initiative that aims to
fill a gap in the loans market.


South Yorkshire Microloans are aimed at small businesses unable to raise finance
from commercial sources either because the amount they want is too small or
because they have a poor credit history or County Court judgements against them.


Loans from £1,000 to £15,000 for existing businesses and up to £10,000 for
start-ups are being offered to firms thanks to a partnership comprising
Doncaster Chamber of Commerce and Enterprise Agencies in Barnsley, Rotherham and
Sheffield, administered by South Yorkshire Investment Fund.


Among firms to have benefited from the programee is Elsecar's Sherbert Creative


The firm designs and manufactures contemporary social stationery including
greetings cards, wedding stationery and hand-bound blank books, using
traditional letterpress printing and recently received a £5,000 loan.


Founder Cheryl Marie Wright said: "I have always been confident in the services
and products we offer and how we run the business, it was just a question of
getting ourselves out there.


"After meeting with a Microloan loan officer I put forward our proposal and kept
my fingers crossed. It was that simple.


"I was delighted when we were awarded £5,000.


"The loan has been used to advertise, attend trade shows and increase our
marketing in general."


Another company to receive a helping hand from Microloan is Flatworld (UK). The
Sheffield company designs and distributes a pioneering brand of fold flat space
saving cups, bowls and multifunctional dishes, primarily aimed at outdoor
enthusiasts, using an origami-like process known as 'Orikaso'.


Flatworld received a £10,000 loan and is spending the money on sales and
marketing, using the loan to attend trade shows in Germany this summer.


Jay Cousins, founder of Flatworld, said: "The loan has helped us significantly,
allowing us to exploit the many opportunities available to us and creating new
opportunities within our core market."


South Yorkshire Microloans loan officer Fiona Greaves added: "These companies
had reached a point where they needed a little help to take a promising business
strategy forward. It is these kind of projects the Microloan has been designed
to help. We want to hear from new and existing small businesses who have found
it difficult to obtain finance."


LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Johnston Press Plc


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 22, 2005 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

For Some, a Little Loan Goes a Long Way

BYLINE: By AMY ZIPKIN

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; SMALL BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1363 words


With Hurricane Ivan bearing down on Pensacola, Fla., last year, Kimberly and
Ronnie Whitman moved the equipment and files of their landscaping business to a
back room of their rented office. It was not enough.

The storm ripped away a rear section of the building's roof, and the lashing
rains damaged their computer, soaked their tax files and ruined $9,000 worth of
seeds, fertilizer and pesticides. With mold and mildew spreading, they moved
their business -- incorporated as R and R Irrigation and HydroSeed but also
known as Turf Care Specialties -- a mile and a half away and took stock.

For the time being, they knew, they could not do their usual work of installing
underground sprinklers, so they tried to make ends meet by clearing debris from
yards and repairing irrigation systems. But their weekly revenue dropped to
about $2,000, from $4,000 before the storm hit, not nearly enough to pay all
their bills.

With just $12,000 in savings, they applied for a Small Business Administration
disaster loan with a 2.9 percent interest rate, but weeks went by with no word.
Desperate, the couple turned to the source that they had used to start their
business in 1999, Community Enterprise Investments, a Pensacola nonprofit that
makes small loans quickly to start-ups and struggling family businesses.

Within five days, Community Enterprise had rolled a $10,000 balance that
remained on the Whitmans' existing 10 percent loan into a five-year, $25,000
loan at 6 percent, resulting in an infusion of $15,000 in new money and at a
much lower interest rate. (By contrast, it took the S.B.A. six months to finish
all the paperwork and sign off on the couple's request for $35,000.)

''It was a godsend,'' said Ms. Whitman of the Community Enterprise money, which
she used to pay electric and gas bills and buy inventory. Without it, she says,
the company would have gone bankrupt.

Small businesses are increasingly turning to nontraditional sources of capital,
like nonprofits that are willing to make microloans when banks are not. The
Association for Enterprise Opportunity, an Arlington, Va., trade group, says
microloans generally range from as little as $500, for entrepreneurs who need to
establish a good credit rating, to $35,000. Accion USA, the nation's largest
microlender, has made 25,000 loans since 1994, averaging $5,600 and totaling
$140 million.

Though the microloan movement is more generally associated with transfers of
hundreds of dollars or less to help people in developing countries start fruit
stands and other low-technology ventures, it gained a foothold in the United
States in the early 1990's and has been quietly spreading through the lower end
of the small-business world ever since. A 2005 study by the Aspen Institute, an
international nonprofit organization that studies global issues, said
microlending in the United States grew in 2003, the last year for which figures
are available, to 246 lenders, who made 13,231 loans totaling $114 million. In
1992, 42 lenders made 6,429 loans, totaling $44 million.

Experts attribute the trend to various factors, including an increased awareness
that even small amounts of capital can help low-income people pursue their
entrepreneurial dreams, and a continuing flow of immigrants from regions like
Latin American where microfinance is a longstanding practice.

The Grameen Bank in Bangladesh helped start the microloan movement 30 years ago
by providing advances of as little as a few dollars to impoverished women to
start village businesses, with very positive results. At about the same time,
microenterprise gained momentum in Recife, Brazil.

Microlenders in the United States get their capital from various sources,
including government agencies, foundations and wealthy individuals. Community
Enterprise, the organization that provided financing for the Whitmans'
landscaping venture, for example, began in the 1970's with financing from the
Federal Office of Economic Opportunity and a loan from the state of Florida.
Now, it gets funds from the S.B.A., the Agriculture Department's rural
development program and commercial banks fulfilling their obligations under the
Community Reinvestment Act to invest in low-income neighborhoods.

Daniel R. Horvath, Community Enterprise's president, says typical borrowers are
either start-ups in urgent need of cash, or small established companies that
cannot get financing elsewhere because of poor credit or insufficient capital.

Mr. Horvath is quick to add, however, that Community Enterprise adheres to
strict lending standards, scrutinizing borrowers for the soundness of their
business concepts, their management expertise and their credit records.
Evaluators also look at a borrower's financial history and projections, as well
as business and personal tax returns, he said. About 3 of 10 applications are
approved.

The default rate on the 468 loans, totaling $13 million, that the nonprofit has
written since 1982 has been 5.2 percent. By comparison, the S.B.A. has a default
rate of 7 percent on the guaranteed loans in its 7(a) program, which can be for
as much as $2 million, often go to businesses with a stronger credit rating and
are sold on the secondary market.

''We feel this is pretty remarkable since our loans are usually nonbankable,''
Mr. Horvath said.

Microloans fill an important gap, helping entrepreneurs pursue small-scale
ambitions that banks and other lenders may think are not worth the bother. Clive
Anthony Senior of Bridgeport, Conn., is one example. A college dropout, Mr.
Senior built a successful computer networking company that fell on hard times
when his clients began sending their work to India, and he turned his attention
to his passion for cars.

After buying a car at an auction and selling it to a former classmate for a
small profit, he decided to embark on a career as an auto broker and started a
company in 2001 now called qualikar.com. After reviewing his business plan and
credit history, Micro Credit Businesses of Bridgeport, Conn., gave his a $4,000
loan at 7 percent and a revolving credit line of $6,000, also at 7 percent, to
acquire an inventory of used cars.

Mr. Senior expects to purchase, restore and resell around 30 cars this year, a
good start toward a goal of 100 annually that Micro Credit thinks he needs to
create a viable business. He is going through growing pains, notably difficulty
in finding a reliable mechanic, but he is hopeful, recently expanding his
business plan to broker new as well as used cars.

''I think my prospects are limitless,'' he said.

For those who encounter unexpected setbacks, microenterprise can also offer
business planning and support. Two years ago, Aubrie and Joseph Augustus Jr., of
New Orleans, poured retirement savings and the proceeds of a home equity loan
into a $194,000 mobile shredder and began running Shredex L.L.C., a mobile
document-shredding business.

As their business grew and they needed a truck and storage bins, they turned to
the NewCorp Business Assistance Center, a New Orleans microlender through which
they obtained two $25,000 loans at 8 percent interest. Then Hurricane Katrina
struck, seriously damaging their equipment. Their shredder spent two months in
the shop awaiting parts, but they stayed in business by paying to use another
shredding company's machines.

Meantime, they have an oral agreement with Vaughn Randolph Fauria, NewCorp's
president, to defer payment of their loan until January. William W. Burrus,
president of Accion USA says he gives struggling entrepreneurs a cheaper
alternative to another fallback option, credit cards.

''Our loans certainly provide a less expensive and more flexible alternative to
them,'' Mr. Burrus said.

The Whitmans, the owners of the landscaping business in Pace, Fla., near
Pensacola, say they are back on their feet today. They are still struggling, Ms.
Whitman says, but she is hoping to make up for lost revenue in their landscaping
work with sales of plants, fertilizers, outdoor fountains and lighting at their
store.

''I'm not giving up,'' she said. ''I'm not giving in to a stinking storm. I'm
more determined than before to make this business work.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ronnie Whitman of R and R Irrigation, left, and Jason Townsend
connect fittings in Pace, Fla., as Debra Farnham, rear left, and Mr. Whitman's
wife, Kimberly, watch. A microloan helped R and R stay afloat. (Photo by Phil
Sears for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           November 11, 2010 Thursday

Belgium: "Stepping up EU support for microfinance"

LENGTH: 1189  words

DATELINE: Brussels


Brussels, Nov. 11 -- European Commission has issued following Remarks:

Deputy Prime Minister Milquet,

Colleagues,

Ladies and Gentlemen,

It is a pleasure for me to be here today at this conference on Microfinance in
Europe. Its objective, as you know, is to discuss the best ways to achieve an
integrated EU approach to supporting microfinance and promoting
entrepreneurship. This first and foremost requires coordination inside the
Commission and I would like to take the opportunity to thank colleagues from all
services who have worked hard to make these two days possible.

Our challenge today is clear. We need to tackle the impact of the crisis by
doing more with less. And we need to lay down the basis for a lasting recovery.
There is a broad consensus that this requires building a new economic model,
where economic growth needs to be:

*

smart - in other words, driven by knowledge and innovation;

*

environmentally sustainable and

*

socially inclusive - that means capable of fostering high levels of employment
and social cohesion.

Key developments at EU-level

Under the new Europe 2020 strategy, ambitious policy targets have been agreed
and the Commission is committed to doing its utmost to support the Member States
in their efforts to reach them through a number of flagship initiatives.

Three of them fall under my areas of responsibility as Commissioner for
employment, social affairs and inclusion.

First, 'Youth on the move', sets out a number of actions to improve the very
difficult situation for young people on the labour market.

Second, an 'Agenda for New Skills and Jobs' which I will present on 23 November.
will identify measures to promote the development of people's skills in order to
foster employability and raise employment rates. It will also focus on
flexicurity as a key concept for improving labour market performance, not least
for the most vulnerable groups.

Third, I will present a 'European Platform against Poverty' before the end of
the year. The Platform will outline how we can work together to reduce poverty
and achieve more social inclusion.

Crucially, all of these flagship initiatives include or will include
entrepreneurship, self-employment and microfinance as essential elements.

Why is entrepreneurship important ?

Ladies and Gentlemen,

Over the last few years we have seen a sharp rise in the number of people who
have lost their jobs or who are in vulnerable positions. The crisis has shown
that we need to develop new ways of creating sustainable employment.

In this context, self-employment and entrepreneurship is one of the pathways to
more and better jobs. Indeed, for some people who are furthest from the labour
market self-employment is one of the ways to get back into work.

Data has shown that an important proportion of business starters - between 20
and 50% - are unemployed or inactive individuals.

Moreover, some of these businesses do not require high skills - for example,
small shops and services, or food processing by small scale farmers.

In many cases, self-employment is not inferior to wage employment in terms of
earnings, working conditions and working time. It also often offers greater job
satisfaction and gives people a strong feeling of being more in control of their
work.

The results of an EU-wide survey on entrepreneurship, published by the
Commission in the summer, indeed show that 45% of all Europeans would like to be
their own boss if they could, but that many are held back by a difficult access
to finance the starting up of a business.

The importance of micro-loans

A key way to promote entrepreneurship is to increase the availability of
microloans for those who want to start up or further develop their own
enterprise but do not have access to traditional banking loans.

Most people know microfinance from the Grameen bank and projects in developing
countries. But, over the last decade microfinance has also carved out a place in
entrepreneurial support across the EU - especially during this recent period of
economic difficulty.

Even before the crisis in 2007, the Commission estimated the total demand for
microloans in the EU to be 6.6 billion euros. And the crisis is likely to have
increased this demand. Despite this, the availability and accessibility of
credit has decreased.

EU micro-loans

That is why the Commission proposed the European Progress Microfinance Facility.

Progress Microfinance builds on EU initiatives that have developed so far to
strengthen microfinance in the EU. Here, I'm thinking in particular of the
JASMINE programme and the Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme
(CIP) microloan window.

The Progress Microfinance Facility brings EU support to microfinance to another
level.

Both the EU and the European Investment Bank have committed themselves to
contributing 100 million euros each to the fund. This, together with potential
contributions from third investors, means that we hope to provide around 500
million euros to microloans over the coming ten years.

Furthermore, as from July of this year the guarantees window of Progress
Microfinance has become operational. I am pleased to announce that the loan and
equity provision to intermediaries will start this month.

And the first microloans supported by Progress Microfinance will be provided
within two months time.

However, increasing the availability and accessibility of microloans is only
part of the answer. To be effective, financial support through Progress
Microfinance must be complemented and integrated with tailor-made guidance,
training and coaching for micro-entrepreneurs.

This is where the European Social Fund can play an important role, providing
accompanying measures to business starters and micro enterprises

It can provide training and coaching for current and future micro-entrepreneurs
as part of its core activities or as part of specially designed operations for
micro-entrepreneurs.

The Commission will set up a support scheme for ESF managing authorities and
other actors to provide advice on how to design support services for
micro-entrepreneurs.

Minister Milquet,

Ladies and Gentlemen,

The different departments of the Commission work hand in hand to provide a
coherent support package for entrepreneurship and self-employment at EU level.
Today's joint conference is an illustration of this cooperation.

Nonetheless, while coherent and effective EU support is important, the strongest
results come from activities developed at national, regional and local level.

I hope that this conference leads to new ideas and inspires all of us to further
develop cooperation and partnership between all actors involved in the complex
area of entrepreneurship support.

I can assure that for our part, the Commission will continue to encourage,
facilitate and support a strengthened role for entrepreneurship and
self-employment in creating jobs and fighting exclusion.

Thank you for your attention.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

BRIEF: Flagship extends microloan program to IU, Purdue

BYLINE: Christopher Stephens, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 173 words


July 07--ANDERSON -- The Flagship Enterprise Center has expanded its microloan
program to include Indiana and Purdue universities.

The program covers 29 Indiana counties and offers small loans, typically from
$1,000 to $50,000, to new and early-stage businesses. As well as extending
coverage to the two universities, the program now covers Monroe, Tippecanoe,
Montgomery, Clinton and Brown counties.

Dirk Webb, Business Development Manager at Flagship, said the program's
expansion "will certainly give each university's entrepreneurial program one
more tool to encourage students.

Story continues below video

"Our participation can help promote early stage business ideas and technology
based companies throughout Central Indiana."

The program has offered more than $7.5 million in loans to new businesses,
including more than 170 to minority-, women- and veteran-owned businesses.

___ (c)2016 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160707-HU-BRF-Flagship-extends-microloan
-program-to-IU-Purdue-0707-20160707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2016 The Herald Bulletin


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

BRIEF: Flagship extends microloan program to IU, Purdue

BYLINE: Christopher Stephens, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 173 words


July 06--ANDERSON -- The Flagship Enterprise Center has expanded its microloan
program to include Indiana and Purdue universities.

The program covers 29 Indiana counties and offers small loans, typically from
$1,000 to $50,000, to new and early-stage businesses. As well as extending
coverage to the two universities, the program now covers Monroe, Tippecanoe,
Montgomery, Clinton and Brown counties.

Dirk Webb, Business Development Manager at Flagship, said the program's
expansion "will certainly give each university's entrepreneurial program one
more tool to encourage students.

Story continues below video

"Our participation can help promote early stage business ideas and technology
based companies throughout Central Indiana."

The program has offered more than $7.5 million in loans to new businesses,
including more than 170 to minority-, women- and veteran-owned businesses.

___ (c)2016 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160706-HU-BRF-Flagship-extends-microloan
-program-to-IU-Purdue-0706-20160706

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2016 The Herald Bulletin


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

Government-backed microlender would help Idaho's smallest businesses

BYLINE: Brad Iverson-Long

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 885  words


A Boise nonprofit hopes to expand its business lending services by joining the
U.S. Small Business Administration Microloan Program, a federal program that
helps nonprofits with lending experience make additional loans and offer
business counseling. The Microloan Program supplies loans worth an average
$13,000 to small businesses.

MicroEnterprise Training and Assistance, a program of Mountain States Group, is
applying for the program to increase its lending capacity and reach.

SBA Boise Office District Director Rodney Grzadzieleski said he's hopeful that
META or another organization will start a microloan program start soon. In
addition to making capital more available, the program also includes technical
assistance for companies, covering a range of business processes.

"The technical assistance is critical, because a lot of these folks don't know
what a balance sheet is when they're starting out, or an income statement," he
said. Grzadzieleski said he's heard of two other organizations in Idaho that
could apply to become microlenders, though they don't have the lending
experience that META has.

META Program Director Ron Berning said META has made 250 microloans, from $500
to $15,000, to startup and existing businesses in the past 12 years. META
typically works with people such as refugees who don't have established credit
and can't get a bank loan, Berning said. Affiliating with the SBA would increase
META's lending capabilities.

"If we are approved, this would give us much more visibility and exposure to a
broader audience, bigger geographic area and borrowers who may need a higher
level of lending assistance," said Berning.

Banks and credit unions tend not to make very small loans because they are
costly to make as larger loans, with lower return, according to Berning and SBA
officials. Under the SBA program META could increase its maximum loan to $35,000
and expand its lending footprint to as far as McCall and Twin Falls.

"A lot of banks simply aren't doing business loans under that amount," Berning
said.

While very small business loans may be rare, they do happen under the SBA's 7(a)
lending program. Attorney Jenny C. Grunke received an SBA loan this spring from
Wells Fargo for $5,000, one of three loans at that relatively low amount
guaranteed by the SBA. Grunke said the loan serves as a business line of credit
to use if a case or client has immediate needs for the discovery process or
hiring experts.

"Having that right there where I can access it as soon as I need it gives me
confidence that I can tell a client that everything will be taken care of and I
can do a job right," she said.

Grunke started her one-person practice, Mahogany Park Law Office, in early 2013.
The firm is a general practice, with a focus on liquor, family and business law.
Grunke said her banker at Wells Fargo suggested and arranged the SBA loan to
serve her needs, and that the loan came together quickly.

If META becomes an SBA microlender, clients who borrow more than $10,000 will
have to prove they were denied a bank loan. Berning said that the organization
has always advised would-be borrowers to seek money from banks and traditional
lenders first.

"We only have limited resources, and we want to make sure those are used by
people who truly have those needs," he said. Working with banks also helps
borrowers establish that relationship, so they can go back to their bank for a
larger loan, when needed.

META started microlending with a grant from the Office of Refugee Resettlement,
or ORR. The loans have covered a broad range of businesses, including
service-sector businesses such as hair salons, restaurants, and taxi cabs.

All the loaned funds have come from grants from the ORR or other groups,
including the Northwest Area Foundation, Idaho Women's Charitable Foundation and
several bank foundations. META doesn't pay back the grant money; instead, it
uses the loan collections to fund more loans. By contrast, in the SBA program,
META would have to repay money it borrowed from the SBA.

SBA microloans have a 10 percent default rate, according to SBA data. Berning
said META has only had a charge off rate of 0.5 percent of the money borrowed.
SBA microloans typically carry an 8 percent to 13 percent interest rate and can
last up to six years.

Berning said META reviews loans the way other lenders do, while providing other
assistance, such as helping companies create business plans.

"With the business plan, that will show us how they plan to pay off the loan
debt and what kind of cashflow they would be looking to generate from their
business activities," he said.

Berning said there's no deadline for META's microlending application, though
he's hopeful that META could start lending three months after it is approved by
the SBA. The application approval process is made by the national SBA, not the
Boise office.

SBA microlenders can be nonprofits, economic development entities or certified
development corporations that have one year of internal experience issuing loans
of less than $50,000. There are 160 microlenders nationally, with lenders in
Portland, Seattle, Spokane, Yakima, Wash., and Missoula, Mont., but none in
Utah.

http://www.idahobusinessreview.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS



       Russian Financial Control Monitor(RFCM) : Macroeconomics (English)

                     December 8, 2008 Monday 5:18 PM GMT +3

Moscow Starts Issuing Microloans to Small Businesses

SECTION: MACROECONOMICS

LENGTH: 160  words


MOSCOW. In August 2008, the Moscow City Hall and VTB24, the retail arm of the
state-run international financial group Vneshtorgbank (VTB), launched a new
project to support small businesses.

They set up a Microfinance joint-stock company to issue microloans. It has
issued over 100 microloans over the first two months, and some 200 two-year
loans worth RUR62mn ($2.2mn, or (EURO)1.7mn) over the first three months of its
operation.

The largest loan is RUR300,000, but it may be increased to RUR500,000,
Microfinance CEO Andrei Marulev said at a meeting of a special commission at the
Moscow city government.

The Moscow city government does not intend to cut spending on support to small
business in future. Under its plan, the municipal treasury will earmark RUR2.3bn
($81.9mn, or (EURO)64.1mn) for this purpose.

Moreover, the city government will increase its guarantees on loans to small
businesses to 70% from 50%, and even partially subsidise interest payments.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RFCM_EN_MACRO


                      Copyright 2002 - 2008 [#x418][#x410]
«[#x424][#x41a]-[#x41d][#x41e][#x412][#x41e][#x421][#x422][#x418]» / FC Novosti
                                  News Agency
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS



        Russian Financial Control Monitor(RFCM): Business News (English)

                     December 8, 2008 Monday 5:18 PM GMT +3

Moscow Starts Issuing Microloans to Small Businesses

SECTION: REGIONS

LENGTH: 160  words


MOSCOW. In August 2008, the Moscow City Hall and VTB24, the retail arm of the
state-run international financial group Vneshtorgbank (VTB), launched a new
project to support small businesses.

They set up a Microfinance joint-stock company to issue microloans. It has
issued over 100 microloans over the first two months, and some 200 two-year
loans worth RUR62mn ($2.2mn, or (EURO)1.7mn) over the first three months of its
operation.

The largest loan is RUR300,000, but it may be increased to RUR500,000,
Microfinance CEO Andrei Marulev said at a meeting of a special commission at the
Moscow city government.

The Moscow city government does not intend to cut spending on support to small
business in future. Under its plan, the municipal treasury will earmark RUR2.3bn
($81.9mn, or (EURO)64.1mn) for this purpose.

Moreover, the city government will increase its guarantees on loans to small
businesses to 70% from 50%, and even partially subsidise interest payments.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RFCM_EN_GENERAL


                      Copyright 2002 - 2008 [#x418][#x410]
«[#x424][#x41a]-[#x41d][#x41e][#x412][#x41e][#x421][#x422][#x418]» / FC Novosti
                                  News Agency
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Inaugural Butler County Small Business Expo this weekend

BYLINE: Chelsey Levingston, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 424 words


March 12--MIDDLETOWN -- Go shopping and support startup businesses in the
community at the same time Saturday during the first-ever Small Business Expo
being held at Pendleton Art Center.

The expo, featuring displays from graduates of the Butler County Microenterprise
and Microloan Program, is from 6 to 9 p.m. Saturday, March 14, at the downtown
Middletown art center located at 1105 Central Ave. Some of the Pendleton art
galleries will be open during that time as well, said Mark Lankford, associate
director of the Butler County Small Business Development Center, one of the
event organizers.

While the small business showcase is being held in Middletown, it is open to the
public from throughout Butler County and beyond. Attendees will learn more about
small companies in their communities, show business owners their support by
buying products and services, and learn more about the loan program, Lankford
said.

Three area nonprofits -- Supports to Encourage Low-Income Families, Butler
County Small Business Development Center and Neighborhood Housing Services of
Hamilton -- collaborated to start in 2011 the microenterprise and microloan
program. Qualified low- and moderate-income people can apply for a multi-week
course on business management. Three sessions are held each year.

As part of the class, students must form an action plan of business goals and
objectives to present to apply for a low-interest microloan.

"The biggest benefit is opportunity. Especially when you have low- to
moderate-income, you can't afford a college course maybe on business
entrepreneurship. You can't go down to the bank and ask for a startup loan,"
Lankford said.

The program provides "proper education that helps you form a business plan and
gives you a base financial opportunity to start your business," he said. "It
doesn't guarantee you success, but it gives you an opportunity."

Nearly 90 people have been served by the microloan program and about 28
businesses started or expanded, according to the program's website
selfhelps.org/microenterprise/.

For more information about the loan program, call the small business center at
513-737-6543. The next set of classes begins in May.

Past program graduates and budding entrepreneurs who will be selling products
Saturday include Legal Shield/Team Brentley Marketing, Freddy's Cookies, and MAK
Photography and Jewelry Designs, according to Lankford.

___ (c)2015 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150312-HL-Inaugural-Butler-County-Small-Business-Expo-this-weekend-0312-201503
12

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2015 The Journal-News


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday

$40K grant to help spur new business growth

BYLINE: Eric Schwartzberg, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


Jan. 31--BUTLER COUNTY -- Supports to Encourage Low-income Families (SELF)
recently was awarded a $40,000 grant from the Ohio Community Development
Corporation Association's Ohio Microbusiness Development Program.

The grant money will be used to help SELF's Butler County Microenterprise and
Microloan Program, according to Rebecca Palen, SELF's community relations
director.

The Ohio Community Development Corporation Association is a statewide membership
organization of Community Development Corporations that engages in
capacity-building, advocacy and public policy development that fosters socially
and economically healthy communities, Palen said.

The Butler County Microenterprise and Microloan program is a partnership between
SELF and Neighborhood Housing Services of Hamilton Inc. to help low- and
moderate-income individuals learn how to start a new business and the
opportunity to apply for small business loans.

The program provides 10 weeks of free small business training on a variety of
topics including business plan development, marketing strategy, financial
planning and hands-on management assistance. The program culminates with the
development of a comprehensive business plan and the option to apply for a
microloan of up to $5,000.

SELF has awarded 25 loans totaling $96,500, Palen said.

"Since the fall of 2011, SELF and our partners have provided free business
training for 212 aspiring entrepreneurs and 150 of these have graduated from the
micro program," she said. "We have assisted 58 business launches or expansions
and 47 of these businesses are still in operation."

In 2016, SELF served 40 entrepreneurs who enrolled in the Microenterprise
classes, Palen said. Of those, 26 participants graduated, nine new businesses
launched, three businesses expanded and eight loans were awarded, she said.

"This program is an economic development initiative for Butler County," said
Jeffrey Diver, executive director at SELF. "We are pleased to provide this
opportunity for low-income entrepreneurs with viable business ideas."

SELF will host three Sessions of the Butler County Microenterprise and Microloan
program in 2017 with the next class session starting from 6 to 9 p.m. Feb. 22 in
Hamilton. A spring class will also be offered in Middletown.

For more information or to register, call Jerry Brown at 513-820-5023 or e-mail
jbrown@selfhelps.org

___ (c)2017 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170131-HL-40K-grant-to-help-spur-new-business-growth-0131-20170131

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2017 The Journal-News


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              May 15, 2009 Friday
                                 First Edition

Boulder, banks create microloan fund

BYLINE: Alicia Wallace Camera Business Writer

SECTION: A:BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 463 words


More info

To apply for a loan

, contact Lewis Hagler, of the Colorado Enterprise Fund, at 303-860-0242, ext.
14 or lewis@coloradoenterprisefund

.org.

The city of Boulder has partnered with area financial institutions to create a
microloan fund designed to help Boulder-area small businesses obtain loans
during a time of tightened credit.

The fund, which has a current balance of $325,000, is expected to extend loans
of up to $50,000 for general working capital purposes for businesses and
nonprofit organizations with annual gross revenues of less than $2 million. The
city of Boulder, Wells Fargo Bank, First National Bank, US Bank and the Colorado
Enterprise Fund contributed to the fund.

The creation of the fund was spurred after one of the city's business incentive
programs -- the owner-occupied loan pool to help businesses purchase their own
properties -- did not help as many businesses as hoped, said Liz Hanson, the
city's business liaison.

Considering the current economic climate, the city opted to provide a $50,000
grant to the microloan program from the Economic Vitality Program, which offers
other incentives, including tax and fees rebates for primary employers, she
said.

"Around (December and January) we heard from several businesses who said, 'Look,
we're really hurting. We knew it was going to be a rough few months ... we have
waited that out, and now that is not getting better and we need help to get
through this period,'" Hanson said.

"And these are not new or risky businesses, they are businesses that have a
track record of doing business here in Boulder."

With help from the Boulder Economic Council, the economic development arm of the
Boulder Chamber, the city remained in contact with some of the lenders who
participated in the owner-occupied loan pool, said Frances Draper, the economic
council's executive director. The hope is to have other financial institutions
join on, subsequently increasing the fund, she said.

Under the terms of the microloan program, 80 percent of the fund's dollars need
to be loaned to businesses or nonprofits that have their primary operations
based in the city of Boulder, Draper said. Also, 60 percent of the funds will be
loaned to businesses and nonprofits that have annual revenue below $1 million,
she said.

The interest rate and terms will depend on the size of the loan, said Ceyl
Prinster, president of the Colorado Enterprise Fund, a nonprofit community
development financial institution. Prinster added that the annual interest rates
should range between 9 percent and 12 percent and the loan terms can be varied,
and could range up to seven years.

"It's just great to have the community partners all kind of coming together with
the city and the banks," she said. "That's what I think is exciting."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            October 26, 2012 Friday

Financial: Banking: Tesco signs up to offer microloans in Scotland

BYLINE: Mark King

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 190 words


Tesco Bank is to team up with micro-finance specialist Grameen Bank to offer
microloans to entrepreneurs in the most deprived areas of Scotland.

The supermarket bank said that the Grameen Scotland Foundation (GSF) will
identify prospective entrepreneurs locked out of the financial system who would
benefit from microloans - small loans charged at competitive rates that require
no collateral. The scheme, which is backed by funding from the Scottish
government and entrepreneurs such as the co-founder of Stagecoach, Ann Gloag,
will initially operate in Glasgow, North Ayrshire, West Dunbartonshire and
Inverclyde. It will go live next year.

Grameen Bank was launched in Bangladesh in 1983 by Professor Muhammad Yunus, a
Nobel laureate and the incoming chancellor of Glasgow Caledonian University, who
wanted to help lift rural people out of poverty. The idea rocketed in popularity
and Yunus soon became

known as "the banker to the world's poor".

Although microfinance has been partly discredited by development experts, Tesco
Bank said it hoped it would help Scotland's struggling businesses, whose success
will, in turn, boost the local economy.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Union-Recorder (Milledgeville, Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 25, 2008 Wednesday

Main Street addresses downtown parking issues

BYLINE: Alexander Cain, The Union-Recorder, Milledgeville, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 956 words


Jun. 25--Potential parking problems, Streetscape situations and Milledgeville
merchant microloans were three topics among many discussed during the monthly
meeting of the Milledgeville Main Street Board of Directors Tuesday.

Milledgeville Main Street and the Downtown Development Authority are the two
organizations tasked with overseeing the aesthetic, economic and physical
development of the downtown area and the Central Business District that
encompasses downtown.

Parking in the downtown area has always been an issue faced by Main Street,
especially when the fall and spring semesters are in session with nearby Georgia
College & State University.

Main Street Executive Director Heather Holder noted the Middle Georgia Regional
Development Center, which provides government agencies and non-profit
organizations technical assistance in the areas of planning, public
administration, aging services, economic development and information technology,
has agreed to examine possible short- and long-term solutions to parking in the
downtown Milledgeville area.

"The fact that they're willing to do it is encouraging," Main Street Board
Chairman and downtown business owner Frank Pendergast said.

Holder provided an update to board members on the RDC's role and discussed the
possibility of establishing a parking deck somewhere within the downtown area,
one of the more radical ideas to look into long-term solutions.

"We recognize we have a parking problem and we are working with the RDC, which
is pulling documents and maps necessary to assist us," Holder said. "For a
parking deck, everything that I have looked at says that we cannot make money if
it was a paying parking deck. I just can't see any way of doing this without
using SPLOST, and if we are going to do this we need to do it now to get it in a
plan within the next five years."

Currently, Main Street is working with the City of Milledgeville to establish a
parking lot next door to the Golden Pantry convenience store that will hold
around 12 to 14 spaces, according to City Marshal Jack Graham.

City officials are still waiting on fencing that would work as a barrier on one
side of the lot, according to Holder.

In other business, Holder provided the board with an update on Phase II of the
Streetscape project, which preliminary plans note will encompass portions of
South and North Wayne Street near the Hancock-Wayne Street intersection.

Phase II has seen numerous delays in the past year alone, ranging from a
proclamation from the governor's office regarding landscaping on state projects
to sporadic merchant input from businesses that will be affected in the downtown
area.

"Right now we have received a letter from the Georgia Department of
Transportation allowing us to extend the project. At this point, we should not
see anything move on this project until at least after December," Holder said.
"We will have another merchant meeting as soon as

we receive more information."

The board also examined two microloan applications that would allow Main Street
to loan money to a business to assist in repairs, restoration, extension of
existing conditions or other portions of a site.

The board examined a microloan application from Old Capitol Treasures, 110 S.
Wayne St., for assistance in upgrading the exterior of the building and from a
Hancock Street-based business that made a similar request.

Main Street's microloan program allows an upcoming or existing business to
borrow money from Main Street with the intention of improving a business and
then paying back the money in a lump sum or on a payment plan decided by Main
Street and the business owner.

In the end, the board approved a $2,000 microloan to Old Capitol Treasures and
decided to table the second request until next month's meeting to receive more
information on the business.

The board also discussed the status of the Sweetwater Festival, still on
schedule for Oct. 25.

"Billboards are going up in the next week or so that will remind the public to
mark the date," Holder said.

Board Chair Pendergast addressed the ongoing lawsuit against the festival that
has been in place since late last year from Atlanta-based Sweetwater Brewery.

"We are in the discovery stage right now. Jimmy Jordan, the attorney that is
handling our part of the lawsuit, is in talks with the brewery's attorneys. We
are not in a discovery stage with our side at the moment, and it's basically
just a discussion issue at the moment," Pendergast said.

As part of the ongoing lawsuit, Main Street has had to pull

documents relating to volunteers, financial transactions and Main Street board
meeting minutes as far back as 2003, according to Holder.

The board also discussed a potential move to the City Annex Code Enforcement
Office that could come as soon as August as Georgia College & State University
continues its plans to convert the Campus Theatre, which currently houses Main
Street and Randall Hattaway's accounting business, into a black box theater and
bookstore.

That move is still going to happen, though election issues could cause
complications once the move begins, according to Holder.

"It is a polling station, and there have been suggestions of perhaps moving that
polling station; however, nothing is finalized yet and everyone is still in
talks as to the possibility of that happening," Holder said.

To see more of The Union-Recorder or to subscribe, go to
http://www.unionrecorder.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Union-Recorder,
Milledgeville, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080625-UG-Main-Street-addresses-downtown-parking-issues-0625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UG


                                 Copyright 2008


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                             American Microloan LLC

                                2125 Center Ave
                                    Ste 308
                              Fort Lee,  NJ 07024
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 201-592-9925
URL: http://www.americanmicroloan.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 17254436

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
American Microloan LLC is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on Credit
Cards, Refrigerator Magnets, Refrigerators, Limousine Services, Rentals, and 5
other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. American Microloan
LLC does business in the Automotive, Biomedical, and Communications Industries,
as well as 7 other major Manufacturing Industries. American Microloan LLC has at
least 3 business locations. The company describes itself via it's website
thusly: "Small Business Loan, Small Business Finance, Merchant Cash Advance
American Micro Loan offers the best online Small Business and Commercial Loans,
Merchant Cash Advance, Fast Cash, Quick Loans, Business Funding and more!"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; All Other Nondepository Credit
Intermediation

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
52229800
SIC CODES:
61530000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Credit Cards
     ·    Refrigerator Magnets
     ·    Refrigerators
     ·    Refrigerator Magnets


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Limousine Services
     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Machining
     ·    Textiles & Apparel


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Ice


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Bank Checks, Banking, Beds, Buttons, Caterers, Channels,
Clothing, Credit Cards, Derails, Direct Mail, Firewalls, Ice, Jerseys, Jewelry,
Limousine Services, Limousines, Mailing Lists, Nets, Overalls, Posts,
Refrigerator Magnets, Refrigerators, Rentals, Rounds, Scanners, Sheets,
Solutions, Solvents, Suits, Targets, Telephones, Tents, Terminations, Tires,
Wire

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: Microloans for Minority/Women Farmers & Ranchers

LENGTH: 189 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 We at the Farm Service Agency (FSA) are approaching farmers in your area to
encourage women to learn more about microloans: direct farm operating loans of
up to $50,000 designed to meet the needs of farmers in smaller, non-traditional,
and niche-type operations.





 Thousands of women have found microloans to be the right fit for their farms
and have received loans totaling over $50 million to help grow their farm.
Microloans have:



     No minimum loan amount - and up to $50,000.

     No down payment required.

     Only one short application document. (Applicants must qualify)

     Streamlined balance sheet & credit requirements.

     Experience and production record requirements designed for farmers like
you.



 FSA officers are here to help you prepare and submit your application with
one-on-one assistance - contact your local office today and make this season a
fresh start.



 Happy Farming!



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                              May 20, 2014 Tuesday

Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream returns to San Francisco to host small
business speed coaching

SECTION: BEER; Corporate Social And Environmental Announcements

LENGTH: 672 words



HIGHLIGHT: Samuel Adams announced it will host small business Speed Coaching in
San Francisco on Monday, May 19th as part of Samuel Adams Brewing the American
Dream, a micro-lending and coaching program for small business owners working in
food, beverage, craft brewing and hospitality.


The Speed Coaching event will be held from 7:00-9:30 PDT at SOMArts (934 Brannan
St.), and provides one-of-a-kind access to business industry experts. Attendees
will be able to participate in up to six 20-minute, high-impact sessions with
coaches in areas such as sales and distribution, packaging, finance, and
marketing.

In San Francisco, Samuel Adams coaches will be joined by experts from
Opportunity Fund, California's leading microfinance provider, and other local
business experts. Small business owners working in food, beverage, hospitality
and craft brewing can register online for the free event at
http://btadsf.eventbrite.com, and are encouraged to come prepared with questions
regarding specific business challenges they face. They are also encouraged to
bring samples of packaging, point of sale material, and other items on which
they seek feedback.

"We're looking forward to bringing our Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream
Speed Coaching back to San Francisco," said Jim Koch, founder and brewer of
Samuel Adams. "It's great to work with and support these passionate small
business owners who make up San Francisco's booming food and beverage
community."

Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream coaching and mentoring has already had a
positive impact on the community. Just ask Jim Woods, owner of San Francisco
craft brewery MateVeza. Woods worked with Samuel Adams experts on a number of
different business issues including ingredients sourcing strategies, and from
that collaboration he was able to secure and sign his first hops contract.

Year-Round Lending Spurs Success
In addition to coaching, Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream supports the
San Francisco small business community year-round by working with microlender
Opportunity Fund to provide microloans to small business owners who are often
shut out of traditional lending institutions due to lack of credit, the small
size of the loan request, or the volatile nature of the food and beverage
industry.

Brewing the American Dream, in partnership with Opportunity Fund, is able to see
beyond these barriers to provide microloans to viable small businesses to help
them grow and succeed. Two of the most recent loan recipients include:

* Victor Valenzuela, owner of V+M Ice Cream, ran a successful ice cream truck
for more than 14 years before he decided to open a storefront location. He
needed additional capital to make it a success, and was able to secure a Brewing
the American Dream loan through Opportunity Fund to help purchase equipment and
increase marketing initiatives.

* Alicia Villanueva, owner of Tamales Los Mayas, emigrated from Mexico in 2010,
and brought her love for cooking homemade tamales with her. She began selling
them from a street cart, but dreamed of expanding her business. Through Brewing
the American Dream, her dream is now becoming a reality. With a $15,000
microloan through the program, Alicia will be able to purchase a pick-up truck
to deliver orders and keep up with increasing demand. As Alicia put it, "I am
truly living the American Dream."

"Opportunity Fund is proud to partner with Samuel Adams Brewing the American
Dream to help more Bay Area entrepreneurs access microloans that make a macro
impact," said Eric Weaver, CEO of Opportunity Fund. "As demonstrated by Brewing
the American Dream loan recipients like Victor Valenzuela, these funds allow
owners to grow their small businesses and create more jobs throughout the
region."

Raise a Pint to Brew a Dream in San Francisco

Samuel Adams also recently announced the kick-off to "Raise a Pint, Brew a
Dream," a month-long program providing an opportunity for drinkers in San
Francisco, and across the country, to support small businesses by simply
enjoying a Samuel Adams Boston Lager. As part of the initiative, throughout the
month of May Samuel Adams will donate five cents to the Samuel Adams Brewing the
American Dream microloan fund at Accion for every Samuel Adams Boston Lager
draft sold at participating bars and restaurants across the country.*

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Armenpress News Agency (English)

                             March 18, 2014 Tuesday

Low-income families to get apartment renovation microloans

LENGTH: 162  words


YEREVAN, MARCH 18, ARMENPRESS[#x589]The families, having low and medium income,
will be provided with the opportunity to get from June a new loan intended for
the renovation of their apartments. The French Development Agency in assistance
with the National Mortgage Company will start a microloan financing program on
increasing the housing energy efficiency in Armenia, which intends to allocate
$14 million loans to about 3000 families.


"The first type of the loans is the microloans up to 2,5 million drams without
pledge. With this loan, if the borrower spends more than 50% of the received
loan to increase the energy efficiency of the apartment, the European Union
compensates 10% of the loan. The other type of the loan is directed to the
increase of the energy efficiency and intends for 5,5 million drams loan. The
loans are provided with 5-10 years", - the Director of the National Mortgage
Company of the Republic of Armenia Mher Yedigaryan told Armenpress about that.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1176


                           Copyright 2014 Armenpress
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             April 20, 2009 Monday

Use microloans to help the poor

BYLINE: Yang Ing Woei

LENGTH: 180 words


THE recent proposal to punish clients of loan sharks could make it more
difficult to prosecute illegal moneylenders.

Borrowers and lenders could work together to evade the law as both could be
punished if caught. The proposal sends the signal that reporting loan sharks to
the authorities could get clients who report them in trouble too.

Microcredit, which is the extension of small loans (microloans) to the poor to
spur entrepreneurship, has been well-establish in many countries.

If Microcredit is encouraged here, it will hurt the loan sharks' business and
pump liquidity into the economy as cash-rich people who are not satisfied with
banks' low fixed deposit rates can use their money to help the less fortunate. A
microloan of, say, $2,000 from a well-meaning lender can go a long way towards
helping someone who has lost his job.

Even at an annual interest of 2 per cent to 5 per cent, it is a better deal than
borrowing from a loan shark. Microcredit will not only deprive illegal
moneylenders of business, but also give a chance for those who are cash-rich to
help others.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday
                                 SVoice Edition

MICROLOAN PROGRAM EMPOWERS THE YOUNG 18- to 24-year-olds can apply for YEP loans
of up to $2,500

BYLINE: Treva Lind treva.lind@comcast.net

SECTION: S; Pg. 001

LENGTH: 808 words


Wanted: Young Spokane-area entrepreneurs who could use a small financial boost
to grow a business.

A new microloan program called Young Entrepreneur Power, or YEP, seeks 18- to
24-year-olds to apply for loans from $300 to $2,500 to create startups or
business expansions under two qualifications.

The first category considers young entrepreneurs who have an individual or
family income in a low to moderate range and live in Lincoln Heights, Southgate
or Rockwood neighborhoods. A second option is for those who live anywhere in
Spokane at any income level and have a business idea benefiting or employing
city of Spokane residents with low to moderate income.

"We'd consider the program a huge success if we can award between 10 to 15
individual loans between now and the end of the year," said Tim Behrens, a
Lincoln Heights Neighborhood Council member. "They never pay more than 3 percent
interest on a loan, with a two- to three-year term to the loan."

The program has about $20,000 in initial funding available this year to
qualified 18- to 24-year-olds. Behrens said a community development block grant
via the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development  provided seed monies.

Lincoln Heights, Rockwood and Southgate neighborhood councils helped support the
microloan program. YEP also is sponsored by SNAP, city of Spokane Neighborhood
Services and Spokane Federal Credit Union. SNAP Financial Access, a program
administering disbursement of the loans, will offer consulting and business
training to YEP recipients at 500 S. Stone St., in the East Central Community
Center.

To apply, candidates fill out an online form on YEP's website, at
www.yepspokane.com. People who don't have computer or Internet are encouraged to
use resources at libraries or through SNAP at the East Central center, Behrens
said. Business ideas can vary widely, such as clothing design, food trucks, pet
services and even a garage band.

"We want them to exercise their imagination," Behrens said. "We don't want to
exclude anyone, so we'd rather anyone who isn't sure just apply, and we'll work
with them. Our main criteria is they be 18 to 24 years old."

Cameryn Flynn, SNAP business development services coordinator, said YEP
entrepreneurs will get help developing a business plan and curriculum training
through SNAP Financial Access, which operates business lending services and a
women's business center.

"We offer one-to-one consultation and training," Flynn said. "Youth will have
free access to that."

Subjects include business, legal, taxation, web design and financial
considerations. The SNAP program's educational platform blends online curriculum
with classroom experts.

Both Flynn and Behrens said the YEP participants who develop strong business
plans have the potential to receive larger SNAP-administered business loans. Its
lending services support an average loan of about $25,000, typically under HUD
standards.

"If we find someone has a plan that's really promising, they can ask for more,"
Behrens said.

Behrens, previously an economic developer, moved to Spokane in 1980  for a
project involving youth employment and alternative energy.

"I've always liked programs for kids," he said. "I was part of the team that
started Crosswalk."

He brought the microloan idea to the Lincoln Heights Neighborhood Council. The
18-24 age group is targeted for several reasons. In part, graduation rates here
hover around 80 percent, he said, so Spokane has a number of school dropouts.
Meanwhile, Spokane's community colleges draw large attendance, and students
likely have business ideas. Young people leaving the military also may want to
start enterprises.

YEP provides a positive goal, Behrens said. "This might help young people and
give them some business experience. We want them to have as real of an
experience as possible and come with a little of their own resources, maybe talk
to parents or neighbors."

Flynn agreed YEP's opportunities could encourage more youth to remain in
Spokane, rather than move away. "We want to see that they're passionate about
the idea," she said.

A committee will review applications. The panel includes Behrens, Flynn, a
Spokane Federal Credit Union loan expert and another Lincoln Heights board
member.

Behrens said, "We'll be reviewing applications and make decisions on
recommending if they pass that stage onto SNAP. We help them first of all craft
a business plan that makes sense. SNAP would actually issue the check, but the
committee has some say on the amount."

Unlike some TV shows, YEP participants won't have to speak publicly with a
business pitch in front of the committee.

"This isn't 'Shark Tank,' " Behrens said. "This is more like goldfish tank."

SIDEBAR:

TO LEARN MORE

What: Young Entrepreneur Power microloan program

Details: www.yepspokane.com

Contact: Tim Behrens, (509) 993-7121

MICROLOANS

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Washington: SBA Kentucky District Office Announces Lender Awards

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Small Business Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The SBA Kentucky District Office announced its annual Lender Awards for Fiscal
Year 2014, which ended September 30, at the Kentucky SBA Lenders Conference in
November.

In Kentucky, there were 691 SBA 7(a), 504 and microloan loans approved, with a
value of over $158 million. That is an increase of almost seven percent over the
previous year in the number of loans. SBA Kentucky District Director Ralph Ross
stated, "We are grateful every day for what our SBA lenders do for the people of
Kentucky, and we cannot thank them enough for their hard work and continuing
commitment to SBA lending."

FY2014 SBA Lender Award Winners in Kentucky

7(a) Loans by Community Banks: Award Loan # Loan $

Community Trust Bank, Inc.; Pikeville Gold 84 $14,245,100

Traditional Bank, Inc.; Mt. Sterling Silver 19 $ 7,108,100

Stock Yards Bank; Louisville Bronze 14 $ 1,322,900

7(a) Loans by National / Regional Banks:

U.S. Bank, National Association Gold 101 $20,347,900

The Huntington National Bank Silver 80 $ 6,552,200

JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA Bronze 28 $ 9,335,500

The Kentucky District Office also recognized Top Performers for the 504 Loan and
the Microloan Programs with lenders across the state. These include:

Top Performing Certified Development Companies: 504 Loan Program

Capital Access Corporation; Louisville 11 loans $ 7,839,000

Community Ventures Corp. (CVC); Lexington 10 loans $ 5,366,000

Purchase Area Development District; Mayfield 7 loans $ 1,900,000

Top Performing Microlenders: Microloan Program

Community Ventures Corporation; Lexington 81 loans $ 455,640

Kentucky Highlands Investment Corp.; London 31 loans $ 1,074,906

MACED; Berea  24 loans $ 271,024

SBA All-Star Team:

The SBA Kentucky District Office also acknowledges the individual loan officers
responsible for these achievements. These loan officers were named to the SBA
Kentucky All-Star Team for 2014: Brandon Prather, U.S. Bank, NA; Robin
Washienko, The Huntington National Bank; Becky McClennen, JPMorgan Chase Bank,
NA; Bob Watson, Community Trust Bank, Inc.; Mike Haggard, Traditional Bank,
Inc.; Joan Nohalty, Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.; Susie Redmon, Capital Access
Corporation of KY; and Phyllis Alcorn, Community Ventures Corporation.

The 7(a) Loan Program includes financial help for businesses with special
requirements purposes and is the SBA's most frequently used loan program for
start-up and existing small businesses.

The SBA's 504 loan program is a long-term financing tool, designed to encourage
economic development within a community. The 504 Program accomplishes this by
providing small businesses with long-term, fixed-rate financing to acquire major
fixed assets for expansion or modernization, such as equipment or real estate.

The Microloan program provides loans up to $50,000 to help small businesses and
certain not-for-profit childcare centers start up and expand. The U.S. Small
Business Administration provides funds to specially designated intermediary
lenders, which are nonprofit community-based organizations with experience in
lending as well as management and technical assistance. These intermediaries
administer the Microloan program for eligible borrowers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Washington: SBA Kentucky District Office Announces Lender Awards

LENGTH: 559  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Small Business Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The SBA Kentucky District Office announced its annual Lender Awards for Fiscal
Year 2014, which ended September 30, at the Kentucky SBA Lenders Conference in
November.

In Kentucky, there were 691 SBA 7(a), 504 and microloan loans approved, with a
value of over $158 million. That is an increase of almost seven percent over the
previous year in the number of loans. SBA Kentucky District Director Ralph Ross
stated, "We are grateful every day for what our SBA lenders do for the people of
Kentucky, and we cannot thank them enough for their hard work and continuing
commitment to SBA lending."

FY2014 SBA Lender Award Winners in Kentucky

7(a) Loans by Community Banks: Award Loan # Loan $

Community Trust Bank, Inc.; Pikeville Gold 84 $14,245,100

Traditional Bank, Inc.; Mt. Sterling Silver 19 $ 7,108,100

Stock Yards Bank; Louisville Bronze 14 $ 1,322,900

7(a) Loans by National / Regional Banks:

U.S. Bank, National Association Gold 101 $20,347,900

The Huntington National Bank Silver 80 $ 6,552,200

JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA Bronze 28 $ 9,335,500

The Kentucky District Office also recognized Top Performers for the 504 Loan and
the Microloan Programs with lenders across the state. These include:

Top Performing Certified Development Companies: 504 Loan Program

Capital Access Corporation; Louisville 11 loans $ 7,839,000

Community Ventures Corp. (CVC); Lexington 10 loans $ 5,366,000

Purchase Area Development District; Mayfield 7 loans $ 1,900,000

Top Performing Microlenders: Microloan Program

Community Ventures Corporation; Lexington 81 loans $ 455,640

Kentucky Highlands Investment Corp.; London 31 loans $ 1,074,906

MACED; Berea  24 loans $ 271,024

SBA All-Star Team:

The SBA Kentucky District Office also acknowledges the individual loan officers
responsible for these achievements. These loan officers were named to the SBA
Kentucky All-Star Team for 2014: Brandon Prather, U.S. Bank, NA; Robin
Washienko, The Huntington National Bank; Becky McClennen, JPMorgan Chase Bank,
NA; Bob Watson, Community Trust Bank, Inc.; Mike Haggard, Traditional Bank,
Inc.; Joan Nohalty, Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.; Susie Redmon, Capital Access
Corporation of KY; and Phyllis Alcorn, Community Ventures Corporation.

The 7(a) Loan Program includes financial help for businesses with special
requirements purposes and is the SBA's most frequently used loan program for
start-up and existing small businesses.

The SBA's 504 loan program is a long-term financing tool, designed to encourage
economic development within a community. The 504 Program accomplishes this by
providing small businesses with long-term, fixed-rate financing to acquire major
fixed assets for expansion or modernization, such as equipment or real estate.

The Microloan program provides loans up to $50,000 to help small businesses and
certain not-for-profit childcare centers start up and expand. The U.S. Small
Business Administration provides funds to specially designated intermediary
lenders, which are nonprofit community-based organizations with experience in
lending as well as management and technical assistance. These intermediaries
administer the Microloan program for eligible borrowers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            February 3, 2013 Sunday

Microloans available to new farmers

BYLINE: Megan Hart.

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

LENGTH: 402 words


A new federal loan program aims to help new farmers put down roots and grow into
profitable operations.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency is offering a
streamlined procedure for microloans of $35,000 or less to farmers and ranchers
who have difficulty securing credit. The program, which rolled out about a week
ago, requires less paperwork than the traditional loan process, FSA farm loan
specialist Shelly Wolf said. Wolf is based out of the FSA office in Manhattan.

Traditional farm operating loans require three years of balance sheets and tax
returns, Wolf said, whereas the microloans require only one page of financial
and production history information. Both types of loans require a business plan
explaining how the farmer plans to use the loan and pay it back, she said.

"We're going to look at what you want to do and help you get started," she said.

The goal is to help small and new farms and ranches grow, Wolf said. As their
resources and capital needs increase, they can move up to large FSA loans, the
loan guarantee program in which the FSA makes sure commercial lenders get repaid
(making them more willing to lend at a lower interest rate) and finally to
getting commercial loans based solely on their own resources.

"If they can get reasonable rates at a commercial lender, we ask them to go
there first," she said.

Wolf said producers who sell primarily at farmers markets and those engaging in
community-supported agriculture (in which local people pay a fixed amount for a
share of the produce, often in the form of a bag of vegetables every one to two
weeks) can particularly benefit from the program. The loans can be used for
start-up costs, capital improvements like building hoop houses, or annual
expenses like seed and fertilizer, she said.

The current interest rate is 1.25 percent, though that seems likely to drop in
February, Wolf said. Loans for annual expenses like seed and fertilizer can be
repaid over six to 18 months, and loans for durable equipment can be paid for
over up to seven years, she said. The FSA takes out a lien on whatever equipment
is purchased or crops are produced if the farmer fails to repay the loan.

Shawnee County farmers and ranchers who want more information should call the
Franklin County FSA office, (785) 242-3260, and ask to speak to someone from the
farm loan team. General information also is available at www.fsa.usda.gov/ks.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            August 31, 2010 Tuesday

LOMC, SL Post tie-up for micro loans

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Aug. 31 -- The demand for microloans from LOLC Micro Credit Limited
(LOMC) the microfinancing arm of the LOLC Group has increased by more than 60
per cent during the 2009/2010 compared to 2008/09. LOLC Micro Credit Limited CEO
Ravi Tissera said the company portfolio stood at Rs 3.8 billion at the end of
the last financial year and stands at Rs 5 billion in August this year.

He said that currently 35,000 borrowers benefit from this scheme and the company
hopes to increase this to 50,000 active borrowers by the end of the financial
year.

Operating under the brand name LOLC Isuru Diriya, LOMC offers a range of
microloan products at a far reaching network of branches. LOMC is currently on a
strategic partnership with SL Post to deliver microloans through Post Offices.

Apart from the expertise gained and a good understanding of the segment's needs
LOMC therefore has the advantage of having extensive reach into the rural areas
and the necessary infrastructure. Tissera said the LOMC has also got involved in
the uplift of facilities at the postal network, assisting SL Post through
renovating and developing buildings and infrastructure at requested locations.
There are 47 post office outlets including recently opened outlets in
Akkaraipattu, Pottuvil, Kalmunai and Chenkalady. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2010 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            January 27, 2009 Tuesday

Over 100 million of world's poorest benefit from microcredit

LENGTH: 255 words


ISLAMABAD, January 27:    More than 106 million of the world's  families living
in

extreme poverty received micro loans in 2007 to start  or expand a range of tiny

businesses to remote villages, surpassing a  goal set ten years earlier,
according to a

report released by Microcredit Summit Campaign.  Organizers say that when the
goal

was originally set in 1997,  fewer than eight million very poor clients had a
microloan

and the number has grown by more than 1,300 percent between 1997 and 2007.

In 2007, microloans went to 88 million very poor women. The amount  of
microloans in

hands of the poor has expanded from an estimated $ 1 billion to $ 15 billion.

Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund (PPAF) is the preferred partner of Microcredit
Summit

Campaign in Pakistan. Since 2000, PPAF cumulative disbursements stand at US $
887

million whereas disbursements for microcredit stand at US $ 484 million.

It has partnered with 75 organizations working in over 39,000 villages with more
than 120,000 communities and groups network at grassroots level in 120 districts
across the country. PPAF's cumulative operational activities entail over 2.4
million microcredit loans, impacting 13.8 million with 45 per cent women
beneficiaries and 100 per cent recovery rate.

It has completed over 16,000 water and infrastructure projects, impacting 9.5
million with 50 per cent women beneficiaries. The PPAF established 162 health
and educational facilities and trained 328,000 individuals, staff and
communities, which include 42 percent women.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2009 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            March 6, 2013 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

MICROLOAN EFFORT GETS MORE FUNDING

BYLINE: State Journal staff, wire services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 307 words


A targeted rural microlending program is getting a $100,000 boost from the
Wisconsin Economic Development Corp.

The program, developed in partnership with the Wisconsin Women's Business
Initiative Corp., will hire a rural business specialist to reach more small
businesses and forge alliances with economic development partners across the
state.

In 2012, the rural microlending program closed on 27 rural loans totaling
$981,000, leading to an estimated 33 jobs created and 25 retained, according to
a WWBIC report.

Microloans are typically under $50,000 and are used to help small businesses
acquire working capital, purchase equipment and build inventory.

WWBIC is the state's largest microloan lender, with loans averaging $25,000.

Exact could sell additional stock

Exact Sciences has filed a shelf registration that will let the company sell up
to another $200 million worth of stock to the public over the next three years.

The Madison company, which is developing a non-invasive, stool-based test for
colorectal cancer, has no plans to sell any of the shares in the near future,
chief executive Kevin Conroy said.

The shelf registration allows a company to sell shares in a streamlined fashion.
Conroy said a previous shelf registration, for up to $150 million worth of
stock, had been used up.

Bank is adding mortgage offices

Wisconsin Bank & Trust, Madison, plans to open two offices that will focus on
mortgage lending.

A Madison office, at 2310 Crossroads Drive, near the Interstate and High
Crossing Boulevard, is scheduled to open in April. The other office will open in
Green Bay later this month.

Each office will add up to 15 jobs, about 10 of them loan originators and the
others, support staff.

Wisconsin Bank & Trust is a subsidiary of Heartland Financial USA, based in
Dubuque, Iowa, and has 10 full-service banking offices in Wisconsin.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          December 13, 2006 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

MICROLOAN PROGRAM HELPS MY LAI

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 485 words


Matt Messinger's guest column on Kiva in the Dec. 5 State Journal describes a
direct way to provide small, no-interest loans to entrepreneurs in other
countries.

Another way to provide microloans to people in need is through the "home-grown"
My Lai Peace Project established by local Vietnam veteran Mike Boehm. This
organization is campaigning for funds to complete a primary school building for
My Lai, one of many successful building efforts carried out by the project.

The strength of the project has always been its microloan program. Through this
program, heads of households in the area, mainly women, have been able to pull
themselves out of poverty and become self-sustaining. The project has led the
village away from the devastation left by the Vietnam War and given My Lai new
life and hope.

For more information on the My Lai Peace Project see www.mylaipeacepark.org or
contact Boehm at 244-9505.

-- Mary Woodward, Madison

Blind eye to white male abuse

Regarding Nov. 25 guest columnist Alex Murkve's willingness to address the
discriminatory practices against males that are apparently common in his school,
the situation he describes is unfortunately widespread. There are few
responsible adults who object to such behavior among girls.

To the contrary, females have been conditioned through myriad "empowerment"
programs to view themselves as superior. Their arrogance is often encouraged by
teachers and other professionals who promote this behavior by their own actions.
As a former school counselor, I have witnessed such putdowns and heard the dumb
male jokes in the teachers' lounge.

Discrimination that targets males -- especially white males -- has extended far
beyond walls of our educational institutions. Television adds to the dilemma,
with portrayals of white males as bumbling idiots who draw the head-shaking,
eye-rolling condemnation of non-white male members of the cast.

It is regrettable that our educational institutions present themselves as
intolerant of hate speech and other forms of discrimination, yet allow this kind
of behavior to continue.

-- Lee Fahrney, Hollandale

Plainclothes police a good idea

Regarding whether or not uniformed cops act as a deterrent, all one has to do is
travel the roads with speeders who slow down when they see an officer, then
speed up as soon as the officer is out of sight to realize how naive that
opinion is.

If uniforms were so effective, then air marshals and extra security officers
would always be plainly visible.

A recent letter writer, responding to a bus driver's request for plainclothes
police, stated that drivers must learn to stand alone. Tell that to the driver
who was attacked and injured by three older youths with no one to help him. The
police cannot be everywhere at once. With undercover officers, at least
offenders will have to think twice before committing a crime instead of just
looking for the uniform.

-- Scott Spore, Madison

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             October 7, 2013 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

Nobel winner warns on microloan misuse

BYLINE: GILLIAN JONES

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 527  words


Nobel winner warns on microloan misuse

Financial Services Editor

MICROLENDING to the poor to finance consumption creates a huge debt burden and
entrenches poverty, Nobel Peace Prize winner and founder of the microcredit
lender Grameen Bank, Muhammad Yunus, has warned South Africans.

Instead, microloans should be extended to the poor only to promote income
generation, the microcredit pioneer told a Gordon Institute of Business Science
forum on Friday.

Increased access to unsecured lending in SA has left many poor households worse
off as they struggle to repay loans bearing high rates of interest.

It is argued it had a hand in the Marikana tragedy in which 34 striking miners
were shot dead in August last year. Last week the National Credit Regulator
raided unsecured lenders operating from Marikana, near Rustenburg, in a bid to
root out irregular lending practices in the area.

Also last week, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) cautioned that rising
risks from unsecured lending and high household indebtedness in SA might require
more macro-prudential and consumer protection measures, as well as improved
regulator co-ordination. Prof Yunus founded the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh in
1983, based on the idea that the cycle of poverty could be broken by granting
the poorest women in rural areas small loans with reasonable interest rates to
grow micro businesses. Today the Bangladeshi bank has 8.5-million borrowers, and
98% are women. Grameen Bank extends loans only for income-generating activities.

& If you produce income, you can eat out of it. Your consumption should come
from income, not from money coming from the bank,& he said.

Extending loans to fund consumption causes a & huge debt burden& for recipients.

& They) don't know where to stop,& he said.

Though the rate of growth in unsecured loans in SA has slowed slightly, it is
still faster than that of home and car loans.

Unsecured credit to households has more than doubled over the past three years
to account for about 12% of banks' total credit exposure, according to the IMF's
2013 country report.

The report found that unsecured credit to low-income households had increased
from 1.6% in 2008 to 2.2% of disposable income now. The IMF acknowledged that
this has contributed to greater financial inclusion, but suggests it has also
added to social vulnerabilities, particularly to those under threat of losing
their jobs in a weak economic environment.

It is difficult to determine exactly how unsecured loans are used by recipients.

Prof Yunus said Grameen Bank encouraged savings by compelling loan recipients to
save a small amount each month and send their children to school.

He also called for the redesign of the capitalist system to create a world
without poverty or unemployment. He said these social ills were caused by a
system of capitalism that focused only on making profit.

Instead, the capitalist system should also incorporate the idea of social
business in which enterprises are created to solve social problems in a
self-sustaining way.

& Capitalism today is standing on only one leg, that it why it is so unstable,&
Prof Yunus said.

& We have to reinvent the system,& he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           December 2, 2010 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Rogues threaten success story

BYLINE: Rhys Blakely

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 313 words


Its champions say that the booming microfinance industry has lifted millions out
of poverty by extending tiny loans to the world's poorest people. In India,
however, the sector faces collapse amid allegations that exorbitant interest
rates and strong-arm debt collection tactics have driven dozens of debtors to
suicide.

Stories have emerged of the poor being "carpet bombed" by microloans they cannot
afford. "Microloan sharks" are preying on the poor from the favelas of Brazil to
the townships of South Africa, critics warn. Such concerns were fuelled by the
recent stockmarket flotation of SKS, India's largest microlender. The deal
earned its owners millions of pounds, raising the question of who was really
benefiting: the poor masses or a handful of billionaire investors? Meanwhile,
the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh has halted the re-collection of more than £1
billion in microloans, claiming that "usurious interest rates" and "coercive
means of recovery" had caused suicides. Millions of borrowers have since
defaulted and there is a real possibility that the industry in India will go
bust.

Such a development would be deeply unfortunate, not least because there is no
good evidence to link suicide and microcredit.

Rekha Devidas, a mother of three, used to work in the fields making 14 rupees
(20p) a day. She used a loan of just £140 to start selling coconuts and flowers
to devotees visiting a nearby temple. She then added a public telephone. Her
latest venture is fixing and renting out bicycles. She now earns about 200
rupees a day.

"My children now go to school," she said. "And when my husband needs money he
comes to me, not the local loan shark."

Muhammad Yunus, the Bangladeshi economist who pioneered the field, was awarded
the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006. It would be a tragedy if stories such as Rekha's
were to end because of microfinance's rogue operators.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2010 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: WEBINAR - Understanding the SBA's Microloan and Community Advantage
Loan Programs

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 WEBINAR - Understanding the SBA's Microloan and Community Advantage Loan
Programs

 Date:



 March 29, 2016 | 2:00 pm EST - 3:00 pm EST

 Address:

 This is an online event

 Organization:

 Small Business Administration

 Georgia District Office georgia@sba.gov

 Fee:

 This is a free event.

 Add Event to Calendar



 Registration Required



     Website



 Online Event Icon



 The microloan program assists women, low income, veteran, and minority
entrepreneurs, as well as other small businesses in need of financing in amounts
of $50,000 or less. They also provide business technical assistance. Through the
Community Advantage Loan Program, the SBA is committed to expanding access to
capital for small businesses and entrepreneurs in underserved communities so
that we can drive economic growth and job creation. The SBA and U.S. Department
of Commerce studies have shown the importance of lower dollar loans (loans up to
$250,000) to small business formation and growth in underserved communities.
Discussion will include: *Maximum loan amounts for each program *Guaranty
percentage *Allowable use of proceeds *Benefits to borrower Webinar login
information will be emailed to registrants 24-48 hours prior to start of
webinar.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Washington: WEBINAR - Understanding the SBA's Microloan and Community Advantage
Loan Programs

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 WEBINAR - Understanding the SBA's Microloan and Community Advantage Loan
Programs

 Date:



 March 29, 2016 | 2:00 pm EST - 3:00 pm EST

 Address:

 This is an online event

 Organization:

 Small Business Administration

 Georgia District Office georgia@sba.gov

 Fee:

 This is a free event.

 Add Event to Calendar



 Registration Required



     Website



 Online Event Icon



 The microloan program assists women, low income, veteran, and minority
entrepreneurs, as well as other small businesses in need of financing in amounts
of $50,000 or less. They also provide business technical assistance. Through the
Community Advantage Loan Program, the SBA is committed to expanding access to
capital for small businesses and entrepreneurs in underserved communities so
that we can drive economic growth and job creation. The SBA and U.S. Department
of Commerce studies have shown the importance of lower dollar loans (loans up to
$250,000) to small business formation and growth in underserved communities.
Discussion will include: *Maximum loan amounts for each program *Guaranty
percentage *Allowable use of proceeds *Benefits to borrower Webinar login
information will be emailed to registrants 24-48 hours prior to start of
webinar.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Washington: WEBINAR - Understanding the SBA's Microloan and Community Advantage
Loan Programs

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 WEBINAR - Understanding the SBA's Microloan and Community Advantage Loan
Programs

 Date:



 March 29, 2016 | 2:00 pm EST - 3:00 pm EST

 Address:

 This is an online event

 Organization:

 Small Business Administration

 Georgia District Office georgia@sba.gov

 Fee:

 This is a free event.

 Add Event to Calendar



 Registration Required



     Website



 Online Event Icon



 The microloan program assists women, low income, veteran, and minority
entrepreneurs, as well as other small businesses in need of financing in amounts
of $50,000 or less. They also provide business technical assistance. Through the
Community Advantage Loan Program, the SBA is committed to expanding access to
capital for small businesses and entrepreneurs in underserved communities so
that we can drive economic growth and job creation. The SBA and U.S. Department
of Commerce studies have shown the importance of lower dollar loans (loans up to
$250,000) to small business formation and growth in underserved communities.
Discussion will include: *Maximum loan amounts for each program *Guaranty
percentage *Allowable use of proceeds *Benefits to borrower Webinar login
information will be emailed to registrants 24-48 hours prior to start of
webinar.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             June 25, 2009 Thursday

Microloans go a lot further with business training

BYLINE: KATE MURPHY - The New York Times

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 828 words

DATELINE: Houston


Government agencies and international aid groups have long supported programs
that train the world's poor how to start and run their own businesses. The
training is seen as a way to end hunger and stabilize societies.

But with wider availability of microloans, or very small enterprise loans made
to the poor, there has been renewed interest in these programs lately. And as
with any start-up, businesses that take on such loans are more likely to survive
if the owners have basic operational skills, advocates say.

''There's been a realization in the microfinance community that loan recipients
are more likely to succeed if they also receive business education,'' said Bobbi
Gray of Freedom From Hunger, a nonprofit organization in Davis, California, that
provides financial education in developing countries.

Indeed, the nonprofit research group Innovations for Poverty Action said in a
paper published in May that Peruvian villagers who were recipients of microloans
and who were randomly selected to receive business and entrepreneurship training
did significantly better than peers who got loans and no financial education.

''Even those who reported having the least interest before getting the training
had higher revenues,'' said Dean S. Karlan, a professor of economics at Yale and
lead author of the study. Dr. Karlan said the findings indicated that the
positive effect of entrepreneurial education could not be explained by a
self-selecting bias, whereby only the most motivated, and therefore more likely
to succeed, choose to participate.

From Botswana to Bolivia, entrepreneurship training has resulted in thriving
microenterprises

-

like soap makers, cocoa processors and handicraft exporters

-

that might not have existed otherwise. Some programs gather villagers in mud
huts and use baskets to demonstrate how to allocate capital. Other programs
target established but struggling businesses, giving owners DVDs that cover
topics like pricing and distribution channels.

''A good intervention doesn't treat everyone the same,'' said Bruce McNamer,
chief executive of TechnoServe, a nonprofit group in Washington that has worked
with entrepreneurs in developing countries since 1968. ''How you help depends on
the circumstance.''

Teaching financial literacy and entrepreneurial skills is seen as particularly
important to the reconstruction of war-torn regions like Afghanistan and Iraq.
''It doesn't matter if you build roads if one in four kids dies by age 5,'' said
Ross Paterson, a self-described business coach who has been to Afghanistan 10
times in the past seven years to teach entrepreneurship. It is more important,
he said, to give Afghanis the ability to build businesses that will ultimately
provide the income to sustain them.

Mr. Paterson said he primarily taught leadership skills by helping local
residents to identify and successfully interact with different personality
types, whether colleagues or customers.

While Mr. Paterson's courses last only a few weeks each and are limited to those
who speak fluent English, other organizations emphasize the importance of
finding and training local people to teach the fundamentals of running a
business.

''You need people who are going to be there for the long term and who know what
really works on the ground,'' said Fiona Macauley, founder and president of
Making Cents International, a nonprofit organization in Washington that designs
entrepreneurship and training courses.

Continuing mentorship and support are crucial to helping entrepreneurs succeed,
Ms. Macauley said. Making Cents also offers networking opportunities for its
students. ''At a business fair in Jordan, for example, we were able to connect a
woman who made cakes with a woman who made boxes to transport the cakes,'' Ms.
Macauley said.

Many of those who teach entrepreneurship in remote and impoverished areas said
the biggest hurdle was getting students to believe that there were opportunities
beyond selling the same fruits or trinkets in an open air market as everyone
else.

''I'd say getting them to identify new approaches and opportunities is the
hardest part,'' said Harsh Bhargava of McLean, Virginia, who, with his wife,
Aruna Bhargava, started the nonprofit I Create in 1997 to teach entrepreneurship
in their native India.

He said many of the people his organization sought to help were so downtrodden
they could not envision another way of life. He gave the example of an Indian
woman who was so abused by her husband and in-laws that she lacked the
confidence to even look anyone in the face. After a local I Create trainer
persuaded her to take an entrepreneurship course, she left her husband and
opened her own grocery store.

The woman successfully sued her husband and in-laws for the return of her dowry
and for child support. ''She's now studying to become a lawyer and hopes to work
to protect women against dowry related crimes,'' Mr. Bhargava said. ''It's these
kinds of stories that make what we do so gratifying.''

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            September 8, 2006 Friday

Business Briefs 9-08-2006

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 405 words


SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
San Diego firm OK'd to give business loans

San Diego-based CDC Small Business Finance was recently approved to provide
loans of up to $35,000 to businesses in San Bernardino and Riverside counties
needing working capital or cash to purchase equipment and fund other
necessities. Selected businesses can also receive free technical assistance with
marketing, planning, accounting and other operations upon request.

CDC Small Business Finance has so far provided over $800,000 in SBA Microloan
financing to small businesses in Southern California. The SBA Microloan program
can be used by small business owners with positive cash flow, reasonable credit,
good character and sufficient, demonstrable experiences that they can use to
operate the enterprise. Start-up businesses are considered on a case-by-case
basis. For more information on applying for an SBA Microloan, call (800)
611-5170. RIVERSIDE
Seminar to teach business writing

The Inland Empire Economic Partnership Foundation will host a two-day seminar
titled "Developing Business Writing Skills" Sept. 20-21 at its offices located
at 1201 Research Park Drive, Suite 100 from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.

The workshop will be presented by Alisa Griffis, president of Write Well, Write
Now and also a professor, author and public speaker.

The registration fee is $399 per person, payable by Visa, MasterCard or American
Express. For more information, call (800) 424-6526. SAN BERNARDINO
Cal State client receives award for innovation

Lumidigm, an Albuquerque, N.M.-based client of Cal State San Bernardino's Office
of Technology Transfer and Commercialization, was recently recognized for
outstanding achievement in technology innovation by the federal Small Business
Innovation Research program.

Tibbetts Awards have three primary criteria: the chosen technology's economic
impact, business achievement and effective collaboration, and demonstrated state
and regional impact and proven support. LOCAL
Small businesses sought for weekly feature

The Sun is seeking small businesses to be featured in the "Focus on Small
Business" segment of the Sunday business section. To qualify for the free
service, businesses must be based in San Bernardino County, Banning, Beaumont or
Calimesa, have three employees or more, be no more than five years old and
cannot be home-based. To receive a questionnaire, call Cliff Morman at (909)
386-3847 or e-mail him at cliff.morman@sbsun.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Williamson Daily News, W.Va.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

RAMP launches high school Microloan Program

BYLINE: Rachel Dove-Baldwin, Williamson Daily News, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


Dec. 05--INEZ, Ky. -- Last month, students at the Sheldon Clark High School in
Inez, gathered in the school cafeteria to learn about a new opportunity titled
"Youth Microenterprise", an initiative that will target high school seniors to
help boost local economic development.

This project is a welcome chance for youth to exploit their idealism and energy,
and to break out of the cycle of poverty embedded in their community. The
program, sponsored by the Rockin' Appalachian Mom Project (RAMP), will support
high school seniors interested in starting their own small business. At the end
of the year, students will submit business plans and loan applications, and up
to four microloans of $2,500 to $4,000 will be awarded to the top proposals.
Students who participate must maintain a 3.0 GPA and participate in seminars to
remain eligible for the loan. Once awarded, RAMP will continue to work closely
with the loan recipients throughout the first year of their business venture.

Students are crucial to addressing the cyclic poverty embedded in Martin County,
where less than 10 percent of adults over the age of 18 hold a bachelor's
degree. The no-interest loan and hands-on support provide a unique opportunity
for seniors -- who otherwise would have little access to startup funding and
training -- to really embrace the idea of starting a new business. In addition,
Whole Foods Market has promised to purchase goods produced through the program
and make them available at stores throughout the middle-Atlantic region.

The students are already showing enormous promise. At the project launch, RAMP
Founder Amy Guerrieri and Director of Development Candace Sword gave an
interview for the program, and gauged interest by asking students to submit
initial ideas for small businesses. Students appeared very excited and suggested
approximately twenty technology, retail and other business type ideas. One group
of students even presented a commercial for their proposal.

RAMP is thrilled with the early response to the program, and stated in a press
release that they were looking forward to helping high school seniors spur
economic development in Martin County.

To learn more about the program or how you can become involved, you may visit
their website at www.rampamerica.org, or email them at info@rampamerica.org

___ (c)2012 Williamson Daily News (Williamson, W.Va.) Visit Williamson Daily
News (Williamson, W.Va.) at www.williamsondailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121205-UX-RAMP-launches-high-school-Microloan-Program-1205-20121205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UX


                                 Copyright 2012


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                           December 24, 2007, Monday

One girl's global helping hand

BYLINE: Jessica Worful

SECTION: THE HOME FORUM; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1029 words


Lauren Prince was an ordinary American teenager in 2004. She was busy with
school, and she liked to hang out with friends at the mall. Then, halfway around
the world, a tsunami struck India and neighboring countries on Dec. 26. The
monster wave was so powerful that it wiped many villages and towns off the world
map.

Lauren and her family wanted to help. But how? Soon, the name of a city caught
their attention on TV: Chennai (Madras), India. They remembered that a friend of
the family, Becky Douglas, ran a charity and a children's home there.

So they called to find out whether Ms. Douglas and the children were OK.

All was well for them, but countless nearby fishing villages had been destroyed.
With no fishing equipment or supplies, survivors had no way to provide for their
families. Eleven thousand dollars would be enough to rebuild one village, Ms.
Douglas told them.

That news was a wake-up call for Lauren. Of course, $11,000 is a lot of money,
but it's not that much considering that it could put an entire village back
together. So with the help of her family, she set to work raising that money.

Lauren asked the headmaster at her high school in Potomac, Md., for permission
to talk to the student body about helping tsunami victims.

Almost everyone at the assembly responded enthusiastically. Lauren thought she
would collect donations for just 10 days - but that's not what happened.

Local newspapers ran stories about Lauren and her friend Sam Havaf, whom Lauren
had asked to help with the fund drive. Some local businesses were inspired to
donate to the cause.

Students from other area schools got involved, too. Lauren even had a friend in
North Carolina who had her own fundraiser - and then gave the money to increase
Lauren's total.

By the time the project was finished, $110,000 had been raised!

Lauren was amazed at what her idea had stirred in people. The entire community
had gotten involved.

But she was most impressed by how many students helped. Everybody who took part
"felt like they had contributed to something [important]," Lauren says. And
because of the extra funds, "we were able to help out in so many more directions
than we thought."

Lauren worked with Ms. Douglas in India to figure out where the money was most
needed. They decided to use some of it to help rebuild several Indian villages.

Funds also went toward a microloan initiative of Rising Star Outreach, the
charity Ms. Douglas runs.

Microloans are small amounts of money that are lent to needy people so they can
start small businesses. The businesses generate income that the borrowers use to
support their families and to pay back the loan.

When one loan is paid off, that money goes toward another loan to another person
in need. So the benefits of microloans (which are often less than $100) are
ongoing. The loans that folks in Lauren's town funded are still helping people
today.

Microcredit - as microloans are also known - helps people in many parts of the
developing world. These tiny loans have lifted whole communities out of poverty.

Lauren and several others at her school got to travel to India during their
spring break in 2005. Nine students and five adults, including Lauren's mom,
visited some of the villages that their funds had helped rebuild.

The group rode in a few of the boats that their money had bought and met some of
the children at Rising Star whose parents had been aided by microloans.

The 10-day trip - especially the visit to Rising Star - was life-altering,
Lauren says. Everyone was nervous about seeing how much some people had
suffered. But by the time they had returned to the US, they all viewed poverty
and disability in a totally different way.

"It helped us to realize that we can't be too quick to judge [someone]," she
says.

Lauren feels that her whole hometown has changed because of helping the tsunami
survivors. "People are more willing to step forward now when some crisis
happens," she says. "Right after [hurricane] Katrina had happened, our school
opened [its] arms ... to some students who had been displaced."

Lauren, too, is different. Before the tsunami, she says, "I was very much a
teenage girl - very interested in shopping and going to the mall and talking
about gossip. And after I got back [from India], I was not interested at all in
any of those things."

Now she's more focused on doing what she can to help others.

While in India, she learned about an organization called NetAid, which aims to
educate and inspire young people to fight global poverty. Once she returned
home, she got involved and that summer trained to become part of NetAid's Global
Citizen Corps.

That's a national network of high school student leaders whose goal is get their
peers on board in efforts to end poverty around the world.

Throughout her senior year, Lauren was active in the group. She even traveled to
Tijuana, Mexico, with another corps member to see the living conditions at some
of the orphanages there.

Lauren learned that the needs of different people in different places must be
met in varying ways.

During spring break of her freshman year at Boston University, Lauren and her
mom journeyed to Kenya and Uganda in East Africa. Their mission: to photograph
the ways microloans had helped poor residents of the two countries.

Lauren's now a sophomore in college and is as active as ever in her community.
One of her roles this year is to organize community-service events for the
university's Panhellenic Council, an organization of the school's sororities and
fraternities.

She doesn't know what kind of career she wants after college, but Lauren's sure
it will involve public service. The tsunami fund drive and trip to India made
her realize that helping people makes her happy, and she wants that to be a big
part of her career. And she encourages other kids and adults to consider how
they can serve society, too.

"Everybody has something to offer to somebody else, and everybody should help in
whatever way that they can," she says. "Because whatever strengths you have
might be a weakness for somebody else and vice versa. So if you can use your
strength to help somebody else, you should."

(c) Copyright 2007. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 11, 2014 Saturday

Expanded Microloan Program Aims to Entice New Farmers

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: New York


Specialty Food Association, Inc. has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is making access to credit for starting or
running a small to mid-size, family farm a little easier, with looser
eligibility requirements and increased funds. Come Nov. 7, non-farm experience,
including military time, will be among the new eligibility considerations under
the expanded microloan program for new, family-run, small or mid-size farms. The
USDA will also raise the borrowing limit from $35,000 to $50,000. The agency
says it is expanding requirements to help encourage those who are considering
farming. Besides farm-related experience, the agency will take into
consideration such skills as operating or managing a non-farm business,
leadership positions in the military, or advanced agriculture degrees.

The USDA's Farm Service Agency is also seeking comments through Dec. 8 on ways
to improve the microloan process. The past four years have seen record farm
loans through the FSA--more than 165,000 loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More
than half of those loans now go to startups.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   News & Standard (Coulee City, Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 25, 2013

Microloans for StrikeForce Initiative

BYLINE: News & Standard staff

LENGTH: 111  words


Did you know that FSA now offers low-interest Microloans with reduced paperwork
to help farmers and ranchers who need loan money? In addition to a streamlined
application process, the farm experience and collateral requirements for this
loan program also have been modified from traditional larger loans to
accommodate beginning and socially disadvantaged farmers. Microloans allow you
to borrow up to $35,000 for start-up costs or operating expenses. If you need
money for your farm or ranch, don't wait! Visit your Farm Service Agency office
to apply for your Microloan today. Additional information on FSA's Micro-loan
program is available online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CNS

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 News & Standard


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                   December 08, 2000 Friday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Microloan success

BYLINE: Marianne Bluger Neily

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST: EDITORIAL; Pg. C15, Letters

LENGTH: 289 words


Re: The Crack in the Microloan Myth, Dec. 5.

While it may be true that bank schemes offering microloans to impoverished women
in third world countries sometimes run awry, it is wrong to imply that the
problems Mr. Solomon described for Bangladesh are always, or even often, the
case elsewhere.

Five years ago three Canadian women, together with Janne Ritskes, a gifted field
worker with many years of experience in international aid, set up a small
foundation to help the destitute people of Cambodia. Women are the main
recipients of our help. Once it has been determined what particular marketable
gift (e.g. weaving, pottery, basketwork) or great need (no latrine, no food, no
home, no clothes for children) a person has, we provide microloans, usually of
well under $100, on a rotating basis. So far, after assisting several thousand
families in this way, our repayment rate for the loans is running at 98%. We
charge no interest on our loans. We have set thousands of families back on their
feet.

During the recent terrible floods in Cambodia, some of our women and families
suffered greatly. We were there on the ground in several provinces and were, in
some places, the only assisting presence. We sent out an appeal here in Canada
that brought relief so that we could renew courage and action among these
amazing people. They are picking themselves up and starting all over. Our
operation is modest, practical and working.

Please do not, I beg you, impugn without scrutiny methods that are helping so
many of the poorest of the poor on this Earth. In doing so you will destroy
credibility for such as us with our donors just when we need it most.

Marianne Bluger Neily, founding director, Tabitha Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: December 08, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; LetterNational Post

                    Copyright 2000 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 15, 2009 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Microlending, From Bangladesh to the Boroughs

SECTION: Section BU; Column 0; Money and Business/Financial Desk; BACKDROP; Pg.
7

LENGTH: 96 words


The Grameen Bank is best known for its microloans to women in places like
Bangladesh, Cameroon and Mexico. Almost two years ago, the bank extended its
principles of microfinancing to New York, where it focuses on immigrant women.
To receive a low-cost loan  the average loan amount is $1,625  borrowers must
make a deposit into a savings account each week and attend meetings with a group
of their peers. So far, Grameen America has lent money to nearly 1,400 people in
New York, helping them to start businesses like clothing and jewelry stores,
flower shops and food stands.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Betty Tapia, who is from Ecuador, has received two Grameen
microloans. Her clothes store is in Jackson Heights in Queens.
With a $2,500 loan from Grameen, Belgica Dominguez opened a combination hair
salon and DVD store in Jackson Heights.
Miosotis Morvan recently took out her first Grameen loan to start a private
clothing sales business in Washington Heights in Manhattan.
Tereza Crespo uses her microloan to sell food from a cart on Roosevelt Avenue in
Jackson Heights.
 Gloria Valerio came here from Mexico and turned a $2,000 microloan into a
flower business.(PHOTOGRAPHS BY ROBERT STOLARIK FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            October 7, 2008, Tuesday

Microloans for the Gulf Coast?

BYLINE: Jane Lampman Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 674 words


Microloans have proved vital in poor areas of Africa and Asia - but in the
United States?

A Jewish foundation hopes to do just that, launching an innovative online
campaign that will invest in small businesses along the Gulf Coast still
struggling three years after hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Modeled on Kiva.org,
which enables individuals to give a loan of any size directly to entrepreneurs
in the developing world, the campaign aims to enlist individual Americans to do
the same for hurricane-ravaged businesses.

"We thought if you could do it in the developing world, there must be a way to
do it in the US ... for people who don't need millions and are often
overlooked," says Simon Greer, president and CEO of Jewish Funds for Justice
(JFSJ). "Their families' lives and their communities could be truly changed with
relatively small loans."

The need is great. In New Orleans, for example, one-quarter of neighborhood
stores and restaurants have not reopened their doors three years after Katrina.
Many others aren't yet back to their prestorm capacity, according to the
Institute for Southern Studies.

The return or recovery of small businesses "is essential to the long-term
stability of these neighborhoods," says Christy Wallace Slater of the Louisiana
Disaster Recovery Foundation (LDRF).

The campaign, called the 8th Degree, will give microloans ranging from $5,000 to
$15,000, which will be distributed through the ASI Federal Credit Union (ASI).
Asian-American grocer Kim Loan Cao, who had to relocate her supermarket after
Katrina, has just received the first loan - $15,000 to enable her to increase
her inventory. Two other entrepreneurs are in the approval process; several
others have requested applications. JFSJ has committed to matching every dollar
donated for the first five loans.

"The 8th Degree program will be useful because it provides funds to businesses
in low-income neighborhoods and a niche market where they may not qualify for
traditional loans," says Shannon Cian, community development specialist at ASI.

The campaign gets its name from the teachings of the famed medieval Jewish
philosopher Maimonides, who said there were eight degrees of "righteous giving"
and that the highest degree involved helping others to become self-sufficient.

As an "infinity fund," the 8th Degree will recycle donors' contributions to
additional borrowers as the loans are repaid. The repayment period will range
from three to seven years, depending on the size of the loan. Donors will pick
the individuals they want to invest in and receive progress reports.

"What's going to make this model work is that there are community development
credit unions like ASI all over the Gulf and the country," Mr. Greer says.
"There's a tried and true institution that's been vetting potential borrowers
for decades."

To qualify for a loan, business owners must meet criteria such as being in
business for at least six months prior to Katrina, having 25 employees or fewer,
being located within a federally mandated Katrina disaster area, and being able
to demonstrate ability to repay the loan.

"It's a good time for the program to get under way," says Ms. Cian. Many Gulf
Coast evacuees have finally received help from Louisiana's federally supported
housing recovery program and are now able to come back to rebuild.

Before starting 8th Degree, JFSJ had secured $4.6 million in grants and loans
for community redevelopment and community organizing in low- and moderate-income
areas along the Gulf Coast. The foundation emphasizes giving local people a
leadership role in the redevelopment, which Greer says led naturally to a
program that supports neighborhood entrepreneurs.

"Those basic services that are key to quality of life are absolutely necessary
for neighborhoods to come back," Ms. Slater concurs. "I'm a native of New
Orleans myself, and when I came back to start rebuilding my house, it was very
difficult without a grocery or restaurant or dry cleaner - or a place to get
your oil changed!"

(c) Copyright 2008. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 8, 2015 Sunday

New microloan program to help women start own business

BYLINE: Kyle Wind, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 691 words


Nov. 08--A new wave of entrepreneurs could be coming to Lackawanna County.

The Scranton Area Community Foundation and partners are spearheading a new
microloan initiative designed to give low-income women a chance to pursue their
dreams.

The program is modeled after a Grameen Foundation microlending initiative and
targets area women who might be down on their luck but still have viable ideas
to start businesses, explained Scranton Area Community Foundation Chief
Executive Officer Laura Ducceschi.

"There are a lot of reasons why women can have a plan and the ability to move
forward but not be able to access that capital," Ms. Ducceschi said. "We want to
be able to fill that gap."

Females are underrepresented as business owners in the national economy, and the
trend is more pronounced in Northeast Pennsylvania, the most recent U.S. Census
data show.

Nationally, women owned 28.8 percent of businesses, a 2007 survey found. In
Pennsylvania, its 27 percent, and in Lackawanna County, women were either sole
owners or majority shareholders in 23.5 percent of businesses.

Many times, their ideas are just out of their grasp because low-income women
lack collateral lenders want, have poor credit or want to borrow an amount banks
don't think is worth their time.

"They can't get a traditional bank loan, and they don't even need that much
money," said Lisa Hall Zielinski, director of the University of Scranton's Small
Business Development Center.

The plan is to provide as many as 20 loans between $1,000 to $10,000 over the
next two years as part of the part of the broader Women in Philanthropy
initiative that also focuses on health and wellness; science, technology,
engineering and math education; and financial well-being.

The loans, administered by MetroAction, have a payback period of up to four
years and carry a 6 percent interest rate.

To qualify, women need to go through the six-week StartUP course offered by the
Women's Entrepreneurship Center, a partnership between the Small Business
Development Center and Kania School of Management.

The first 18 eligible graduates will be finished with the program within a few
weeks. Women who want to take their ideas to the next level will submit tangible
business plans and get mentors from a network of female business and financial
experts who are joining the Women in Philanthropy initiative.

The volunteers will vet the plans and help applicants refine them until they are
ready for prime time.

Ellen Burkey, a financial advisor for Ameriprise Financial Services in Clarks
Summit, teaches for the StartUP program and plans to volunteer as a mentor. She
sees herself in some of the women who are striving to get ahead.

Even though she once worked on Wall Street for Goldman Sachs, the North Abington
Twp. resident knows what it's like to hit a rough patch.

When she and her husband moved to the region about 12 years ago, she decided to
stay home with their children while her husband worked for Thomson Consumer
Electronics -- until the 1,070-job plant in Dunmore closed.

"I have had struggles, big struggles," she said. "I have been there, deciding
which bill to pay."

Mrs. Burkey knew she was lucky to have the skills she did and recovered. She
enjoyed the idea of helping someone else rise above their situation and also
thrive.

"I'm hoping 10 years from now, I will see their store open on Adams Avenue," she
said. "How great would that be?"

Ms. Ducceschi saw the initiative as an economic development program aimed at
reducing intergenerational poverty.

She envisioned success with microloans snowballing for people who get involved
with the program as they get better credit and can qualify for other programs
like Small Business Administration loans.

The foundation was $99,000 away from hitting its $900,000 fundraising goal to
support the Women in Philanthropy initiative this year and has a long-term goal
of raising another $1 million toward the program's endowment fund.

Contact the writer: kwind@timesshamrock.com, @kwindTT on Twitter

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151108-YT-New-microloan
-program-to-help-women-start-own-business-1108-20151108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                              June 26, 2009 Friday

Putting microloans in well-trained hands;
Impoverished recipients get better results when taught business skills

BYLINE: Kate Murphy - The New York Times

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1020 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


Government agencies and international aid groups have long supported programs
that train the world's poor in how to start and run their own businesses. The
training is seen as a way to end hunger and stabilize societies.

But interest in these programs has grown lately with the wider availability of
microloans, or very small enterprise loans made to the poor. As with any
start-up, these businesses are more likely to survive, advocates say, if the
owners have basic operational skills.

''There's been a realization in the microfinance community that loan recipients
are more likely to succeed if they also receive business education,'' said Bobbi
L. Gray, research and evaluation specialist with Freedom From Hunger, a
nonprofit organization in Davis, California, that provides financial education
in developing countries.

Indeed, the nonprofit research group Innovations for Poverty Action in New
Haven, Connecticut, published a paper in May that described findings that
Peruvian villagers who had received microloans and had been randomly selected to
receive business training performed significantly better than peers who had
received loans and no financial education.

''Even those who reported having the least interest before getting the training
had higher revenues,'' said Dean Karlan, a professor of economics at Yale
University, a founder of Innovations and lead author of the study.

From Botswana to Bolivia, entrepreneurship training has resulted in thriving
microenterprises - like soap makers, cocoa processors and handicraft exporters -
that would not have existed otherwise. Some programs may gather villagers in
huts and use multiple baskets to demonstrate how to allocate capital. Other
programs may focus on established but struggling businesses, giving owners DVDs
that cover topics like pricing and distribution.

''A good intervention doesn't treat everyone the same,'' said Bruce McNamer,
chief executive of TechnoServe, a nonprofit group in Washington that has worked
with entrepreneurs in developing countries since 1968 to expand their businesses
and foster economic growth in their communities. ''How you help depends on the
circumstance.''

Mr. McNamer's group, which works with the U.S. Agency for International
Development and the State Department, provides free business consulting services
and also sponsors business plan competitions to identify aspiring entrepreneurs
in developing countries. ''These are usually people who have started a business,
but they just don't know how to get from point A to point B,'' he said.

An example is a cooperative of 50 farmers in northern Nicaragua that four years
ago was just getting by while cultivating coffee, he said.

But the cooperative, with assistance from TechnoServe, turned to other crops,
like the starchy staple malanga, that increased their profits.

The cooperative now has 250 farmers and has opened its own packaging plant,
which employs 80 people. The plant's products are exported as far as Miami.

Teaching financial literacy and entrepreneurial skills is seen as particularly
important to the reconstruction of war-torn regions like Afghanistan and Iraq.
''It doesn't matter if you build roads if one in four kids dies by age 5''
because of illness or malnutrition, said Ross Paterson, a self-described
business coach and retired Army officer in Keller, Texas.

He has been to Afghanistan 10 times in the last seven years to teach
entrepreneurship. It is more important, he said, to give Afghans the ability to
build businesses that will provide the income to sustain them. Mr. Paterson says
he primarily teaches leadership skills by helping the local residents to
recognize and successfully work with different personality types, whether
colleagues or customers.

While Mr. Paterson's courses last only a few weeks and are limited to those who
speak fluent English, other organizations emphasize the importance of finding
and training local people to teach business fundamentals.

''You need people who are going to be there for the long term and who know what
really works on the ground,'' said Fiona Macaulay, founder and president of
Making Cents International, a 10-year-old nonprofit organization in Washington
that creates entrepreneurship courses for the disadvantaged and trains the
people who teach them.

Continuing mentorship and support are crucial to helping entrepreneurs succeed,
Ms. Macaulay said. Her organization also offers networking opportunities for its
students. ''At a business fair in Jordan, for example, we were able to connect a
woman who made cakes with a woman who made boxes to transport the cakes,'' Ms.
Macaulay said.

Many of those who teach entrepreneurship in remote and impoverished areas say
the biggest hurdle is persuading students to believe that there are
opportunities beyond, say, selling fruits or trinkets in an open-air market.

''I'd say getting them to identify new approaches and opportunities is the
hardest part,'' said Harsh Bhargava, a business consultant in McLean, Virginia,
who with his wife, Aruna Bhargava, a sociology professor at Rutgers University,
started the nonprofit group I Create in 1997 to teach entrepreneurship in India,
their native country.

He says many people I Create works with are so downtrodden they cannot envision
another way of life. He discussed an Indian woman who was so abused by her
husband and in-laws that she lacked the confidence even to look anyone in the
face. After a local I Create trainer persuaded her to take an entrepreneurship
course, she left her husband and started a grocery store.

Moreover, she successfully sued her husband and in-laws for the return of her
dowry and for child support for her son. ''She's now studying to become a lawyer
and hopes to work to protect women against dowry-related crimes,'' Mr. Bhargava
said. ''It's these kinds of stories that make what we do so gratifying.''

**

CAPTION:

Financial literacy training in developing countries like India, above*, and
Ghana, below*, is increasingly seen as a powerful tool for helping the

poor make better use of tiny enterprise loans.

Photo Credit: *Media 7 for Freedom from Hunger, **TechnoServe

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            January 8, 2011 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'Microloan' Nobel winner faces funds investigation

BYLINE: Dean Nelson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 308 words


MOHAMMAD YUNUS, the Nobel prize-winning Bangladeshi banker acclaimed for lifting
women out of poverty through "microloans", is facing a government investigation
over claims that his bank diverted aid funds.

The inquiries follow claims in a television documentary last year that it had
re-routed aid money from the Norwegian government to avoid paying tax. The
allegations have been seized upon by the country's prime minister, Sheikh
Hasina, and her finance minister has announced that Mr Yunus and his Grameen
Bank will now face an investigation.

Mr Yunus and Grameen Bank were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 for giving
more than £6.5billion in "microloans" to more than eight million people, 97 per
cent of them women.

But critics say its interest rates of around 20 per cent are too high, and that
the pressure of weekly repayments forces some borrowers further into debt with
loan sharks.

Sheikh Hasina has referred to microlending as "'usury" and Islamic leaders
oppose the bank's goal of "empowering women", claiming that it leads to
increased promiscuity. The investigation will focus on claims that £18 million
given in Norwegian aid in 1996 was paid into the account of Grameen's sister
company, Grameen Kalyan, which is not involved in micro-lending, which in turn
lent funds back to Grameen Bank.

Last month, Norway's international development minister, Erik Solheim,
commissioned an inquiry into the allegations and later declared Grameen was not
guilty of any wrongdoing.

"According to the report, there is no indication that Norwegian funds have been
used for unintended purposes, or that Grameen Bank has engaged in corrupt
practices or embezzled funds," he said.

Grameen Bank has dismissed the allegations as a "fabrication" and said its
transfer of money to Grameen Kalyan had been carried out in good faith to better
help the poor.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mohammad Yunus is being investigated over claims that his bank
re-routed aid money from Norway to avoid paying tax

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2011 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

What the investors can learn from microfinance

LENGTH: 1549 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, Feb. 21 -- What has microfinance achieved for the world's poor? Estimates
vary widely, but 300 million people are estimated to be direct beneficiaries of
the microcredit movement, and more than $68 billion may be currently invested in
the industry, according to a 2010 estimate from the Consultative Group to Assist
the Poor, a unit of the World Bank.From one perspective, microfinance is the
model that makes the case for impact investing: billions in capital mobilized
from private investors to scale up delivery of beneficial products and services
that reach hundreds of millions of poor people around the world. But having
scaled successfully, questions arise: What has all this money bought for so many
people? Has the incidence of poverty measurably declined?

Can it be said that these hundreds of millions of individuals and their families
have lifted themselves out of poverty on the basis of the microloans they have
received?Sadly, the answer to these questions is no. Without doubt, microcredit
has helped millions of families through times of trouble or tragedy and has
enabled many microbusinesses to boost their owners' income. It also seems likely
that a modest number of poor families have vaulted themselves into the middle
class through shrewd and successful entrepreneurial ventures aided by microloans
. However, the overwhelming majority of businesses financed with microcredit
have had only marginal impact on their borrowers' income - and, according to the
best estimates available, most microloans extended through the industry have
been to finance consumption, not business ventures.Microcredit offers a valuable
service to poor people whose incomes fluctuate and who face unexpected financial
needs and crises, but it's only a way of reducing some of the stress of poverty,
not of eliminating it.The signature success of the microfinance industry has
been its ability to marshal billions of dollars in capital, much of it from
mainstream capital markets, to address the challenge of poverty. This is a huge
achievement. Never before has so much capital been directly targeted at the
bottom of the pyramid, relying significantly on market mechanisms rather than
governments. But why haven't microfinance institutions had impact on the poor
that's commensurate with the capital invested?We believe there is a simple and
straightforward answer to this question. However, its origins lie in the
evolution of the microfinance industry.Microfinance surfaced on the public
consciousness only after Muhammad Yunus and Grameen Bank won the Nobel Peace
Prize in 2006, and most casual observers assumed that Yunus originated the
concept. However, as early as 1953, an Ontario-based charity known as Mennonite
Economic Development Associates began issuing small business loans in developing
countries, a program that evolved into a microcredit program in Colombia
beginning in 1973. Around the same time, microfinance sprang into being
independently in both Asia and elsewhere in Latin America, with initiatives
undertaken in 1972-73 by U.S.-based Accion in Brazil and the Self-Employed
Women's Association in India. Yunus began his work in 1976 in Bangladesh and
founded Grameen Bank in 1984.At the outset, and for many years thereafter,
microcredit primarily took the form of lending small sums to groups of
individuals, nearly always women, with the loans designated to fund
microbusinesses through which borrowers could raise their families' income.
Microfinance was trumpeted to the world as the answer to global poverty.
However, it wasn't long before careful observers of the practice noted that very
few of the microcredit-funded ventures increased families' income enough to
permit them to rise out of poverty.Nonetheless, millions of people at the bottom
of the pyramid were clearly benefiting to some degree, and the anecdotal
evidence of apparent success helped to feed the movement's growth worldwide
through the 1980s and 1990s, especially in Latin America and South Asia.By the
mid-90s, efforts to improve operating efficiency, transparency, and comparative
performance data provided a basis for practitioners to dramatically increase
scale - defined as numbers of clients served - by raising funds from new types
of investors. Often this effort involved converting from nonprofit to for-profit
institutions, with boards of directors representing the interests of new types
of shareholders: commercial banks, private equity investors and wealthy
individuals.It wasn't long, though, before controversy reared its head - most
dramatically in Mexico and India. In both countries, large commercial
microcredit ventures - Compartamos in Mexico, SKS Microfinance in India - went
public, raising hundreds of millions of dollars from initial public offerings
funded by new investors. The founders and early investors were enriched - to an
extent that triggered controversy and fueled damaging reactions in some
countries, including India and Nicaragua, according to a 2008 Council of
Microfinance Equity Funds paper.These episodes drew the spotlight to the high
interest rates that persisted in some countries, despite the widely trumpeted
efficiency gains, and to overborrowing by some clients, who found themselves
overwhelmed by multiple loans from multiple institutions, according to a 2011
Center for Global Development study. All too often, customers simply borrowed
more money to pay off their original loans.Today, microfinance is estimated to
be a $68 billion industry worldwide, with a track record of substantial private
investment now stretching ten years or more. Large, for-profit Microfinance
institutions now dominate the field while some microcredit programs, often
swimming against the tide to remain nonprofits, continue to pursue the original
vision of loaning money to empower poor people through business.However, as the
lion's share of microcredit loans are dedicated to buying food to stave off
starvation after a bad harvest; paying for hospital care and pharmaceuticals
because of a health emergency; paying a bride price or hosting a religious
festival; or other forms of current consumption, the impact of the industry on
the incidence of poverty remains strictly limited.What went wrong? How did a
movement dedicated to ending poverty fall so far short of that goal after nearly
forty years? And is there any reason to think that other well-intentioned
mission-driven businesses won't find themselves heading down the same path?We
see two features of microfinance that combined to produce the disappointing
result:1. First practitioners and then the impact investors who together
propelled microfinance to scale assumed that it would reduce poverty and have
other social benefits, and so they never saw the need to specify the metrics and
benchmarks that would demonstrate when that was or wasn't the case. Most
investors consider any involvement with microfinance as impact investment and do
not demand evidence of the social impact of the companies they back.2. The shift
from nonprofit to for-profit vehicles, while helpful in attracting capital and
scaling up, encouraged the industry to evaluate its success in terms of
profitability and other financial indicators, rather than preserving the focus
on poverty and lasting impact on the lives of people at the bottom of the
pyramid.In fact, as six decades of failed "development" initiatives show, the
only surefire way to enable the poor to lift themselves out of poverty is to
help them increase their incomes: by loaning the capital for them to start or
expand income-enhancing businesses, by employing them in steady jobs at fair
wages, or by selling them truly affordable products and services that provide
the wherewithal to increase their incomes. For the world's poor - the 2.7
billion people now living on $2 a day or less - to escape from poverty, they
must invest their own time and money.If microfinance is to help end poverty, it
must devote the lion's share - 70 percent, 80 percent or more, rather than the
estimated 10 percent - to funding income-generating businesses owned by people
living on $2 a day or less, or owned by village entrepreneurs who create new
jobs for those who live on $2 or less per day. This is not say that microfinance
can't help the poor better their lives in many other ways, but if there is one
thing we have learned it is that microfinance - and all mission-driven
businesses - must be clear about their social goals and held accountable for
their success.There is no reason why profitable, shareholder-funded microfinance
companies can't set clear goals for social impact and be held accountable for
the number of businesses they create or expand, the income and wealth they
increase, the health they improve, the schooling they extend, or other measures
of social impact.Is it possible for the microfinance industry to attract enough
capital if its mission and objectives were refocused along these lines? To
answer that question, we need to examine microfinance in the context of impact
investment. We'll address that in an upcoming column.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The New Nation. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 31, 2008 Sunday

Ex-Toledoan runs firm in India giving microloans

BYLINE: Homer Brickey, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1406 words


Aug. 31--When former Toledoan Eric Savage graduated from Duke University in
1992, he wanted to join the Peace Corps or some other group working in
underdeveloped nations.

"No one would hire me because I didn't have business experience," Mr. Savage
said during a visit this month with family and friends in Toledo.

But now, after 12 years as an investment banker in Hong Kong and a master's
degree from Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government, he is
running a financial advisory firm in Bangalore, India, that secures funding for
microloans -- some less than $100 -- for Indian entrepreneurs, shop owners, and
farmers.

Along the way, Mr. Savage, 38, gave up his lucrative career as head of
Citigroup's Asia Power Investment Banking group to become a co-founder of Unitus
Capital and managing director of the new firm's Asian operation.

"I took about a 90 percent pay cut," said the graduate of Gesu school and St.
Francis High School.

"I was fortunate to save up enough money to do what I want to do, to have the
biggest impact on poverty. ... This kind of work is more satisfying, meaningful,
and fun."

His new firm is part of a growing trend toward microfinance that got the world's
attention when Muhammad Yunus won a Nobel Peace Prize two years ago for helping
give credit to millions of developing countries' citizens too poor to get
traditional bank loans. Mr. Yunus, who started the microlending trend with his
Grameen Bank in Bangladesh in the 1970s, is often called the "father of
microcredit."

Mr. Savage, who met Mr. Yunus at a conference this summer, calls him "a bit of a
rock star" in the microfinance industry.

The industry is certainly growing. According to a study last year by Deutsche
Bank, about $25 billion is lent to the unbanked worldwide by microfinance
institutions.

That study found that $250 billion is needed by an estimated 7,500 to 10,000
institutions.

Mr. Savage's firm is a go-between, helping many of those institutions get
financing from dozens of global banks, church-backed organizations, and wealthy
social investors.

His new for-profit firm was launched last month as a spinoff from the nonprofit
Unitus Inc., an international group that says it has helped 4 million
working-poor families in Argentina, Brazil, Cambodia, India, Indonesia, Kenya,
Mexico, and the Philippines. Its goal is to reach 15 million by 2010.

Unitus Capital's U.S. offices are in Seattle. Mr. Savage runs the five-person
Bangalore office that he said could double soon thanks to $5.5 million in seed
money from several backers, including Robert Gay, chief executive officer of H&G
Capital Partners in Palo Alto, Calif.; William Price III, founding partner of
TPG Capital (formerly Texas Pacific Group) in Fort Worth; and WEGA Support GmbH,
of Germany.

Mr. Savage said his office in Bangalore -- a city of 5 million in the southern
tip of India, about 150 miles inland from the Bay of Bengal -- is arranging
funding of $1 million to $25 million for each of five microfinance institutions
wanting to borrow money and of $3 million to $25 million for each of five others
seeking stockholder investors.

"Half of the world's population doesn't have access to financial institutions,"
said Mr. Savage. "They borrow from loan sharks at high interest rates."

Interest rates of 10 percent daily and 300 percent to 3,000 percent annually are
not uncommon in the Third World, he said, but most of the finance institutions
lend to farmers and small businesses at interest rates ranging from 22 percent
to 28 percent a year.

Generally, the microlenders meet with groups of about 30 prospective borrowers,
and loans are granted to smaller groups of perhaps five people at a time. "Loans
generally start at about $100, and after they've proven the ability to repay,
they can increase to $300 to $400," said Mr. Savage.

Group lending works best, said Guy Stuart, one of Mr. Savage's professors at
Harvard's Kennedy School. "This puts the burden on the group, whose members have
good local knowledge, to screen who receives a loan and who does not, and to
reinforce repayment," he said.

Nonperforming loans amount to less than 1 percent of the total, Mr. Savage said.

Muhammad Yunus believes highly in the ability of the poorest of the poor to
repay loans. He told the Wall Street Journal recently: "Our banking [at Grameen]
is sub, sub, sub, sub prime," with no collateral, no insurance, and no great
amount of paperwork. And yet, he added, "Our repayment rate is very high. Like
98 or 99 percent."

Mr. Savage has seen some of the successes from microlending, such as
bicycle-repair shops, traders who were able to purchase their inventory, and a
goat farmer who was able to increase his herd from two to 25 and to buy a house.

There are many microlending success stories, said Mamta Bharadwaj, spokesman for
India's SKS Microfinance, one of Unitus Capital's clients.

She cited several examples. Saalibai Kondapur, a tribal woman from the village
of Kondapur -- one of the poorest communities in India -- borrowed $25 to buy
manure to fertilize her land, repaid the money, made enough profit to buy a
small house, and later borrowed $75 to buy a water buffalo.

Another borrower was Lakshmi Bandaru, a 38-year-old mother of three children in
Suryapet, who borrowed $225 to set up a business of buying and selling garments
made in a nearby village. Later she took out another loan of $310 to buy cloth
and now has an income of more than $600 a month.

SKS's Ms. Bharadwaj relayed this comment from Ms. Bandaru to The Blade: "Thanks
to the loans ... I was able to give my children a decent education. Today,
people respect our family, and I am grateful."

Mr. Savage met his wife, the former Phyllis Fang, while working in Hong Kong.
She is the daughter of the late Chin-Yen Fang, a diplomat from Taiwan, and she
was educated in the United States.

Mrs. Savage was a correspondent for CNBC in Hong Kong and also worked for a time
for the Reuters news service in India. They have three children -- 3 1/2 -year
old twins Gabriel and Trinity, and year-old Amelia.

He said he never even considered working for Savage & Associates Inc., the large
Toledo financial-services firm founded by his father, Robert Savage, and his
uncle, the late John Savage, because "we were expected to make it on our own."

Instead, after college, he went to work for the Wall Street firm of Salomon
Brothers, and after a couple of years was transferred to its Hong Kong office
(now part of Citigroup's empire).

"Eric was a hard-working guy," recalled James Crisanti, his first boss at
Salomon. Mr. Crisanti, now an investment adviser for a wealthy family in
Pittsburgh, said he knew that Mr. Savage had an interest in public policy and he
was perfectly suited "to move to India and work at the grass-roots level to
raise the standard of living over there."

Mr. Crisanti said he wasn't surprised when Mr. Savage left investment banking.
"Even in our own group of less than 20 people, we've had people leave Salomon

Brothers to become ministers, movie producers, Army officers, beach or ski bums,
titans of finance, etc.," he said.

Mr. Savage declined to say what he made as an investment banker or his current
salary. "I'm not comfortable discussing that," he said.

However, it's clear he left a substantial income behind. The U.S. Bureau of
Labor Statistics reported last year that the average pay in investment banking
is 10 times that of other private-sector jobs.

Harvard's Mr. Stuart said that Mr. Savage "didn't have to tell me he wanted to
save the world. ... I take it for granted that [students] are here to do good.
My assumption is they made a sacrifice to come to the Kennedy School."

Out of the 204 students in the class, Mr. Savage was one of nine recipients of
the program's top honor, the Lucius M. Littauer Fellow Award.

Mr. Savage's wife said the family is adapting to life in India. However, she
lamented, "Eric said this would mean more time with the family. But [so far]
it's the same [long] work hours."

Contact Homer Brickey at:homerbrickey@theblade.comor 419-724-6129.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080831-TO-MICROLOANS-20080831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2008 The Blade


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 2013 University of Washington
                  Washington Journal of Law, Technology & Arts

                                      2013

                  Washington Journal of Law, Technology & Arts

                         8 Wash. J.L. Tech. & Arts 375

LENGTH: 8976 words

SYMPOSIUM: MOBILE MONEY IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES: FINANCIAL INCLUSION AND
FINANCIAL INTEGRITY: SAFARICOM AND M-PESA IN KENYA: FINANCIAL INCLUSION AND
FINANCIAL INTEGRITY

NAME: Mercy W. Buku and Michael W. Meredith *

BIO:



   * Mercy W. Buku, LLB Hons (University of Nairobi 1988), Dip Law (Kenya School
of Law 1989); Advocate of the High Court Kenya, Commissioner for Oaths and
Notary Public, ACIB (U.K.), CPS(K), CAMS (U.S.A.); Senior Manager Money
Laundering Reporting Office Safaricom Limited, Kenya. Many thanks to Michael
Meredith, Research Assistant, University of Washington School of Law for his
tremendous contribution in researching and co-authoring this paper, to Professor
Jane K. Winn, University of Washington School of Law, Brian Muthiora, Principal
In-House Counsel Safaricom Limited, Louis de Koker, Professor of Law, Deakin
University School of Law, Melbourne, Australia, and Laura Powell, student
editor, University of Washington School of Law, for their invaluable input in
critiquing and editing the paper.

   Michael W. Meredith, University of Washington School of Law, J.D., 2012.
Thank you to Mercy Buku for the opportunity to work with her on this piece and
to Professor Jane K. Winn for her extraordinary mentorship and support.

   This Article was presented at the Mobile Money in Developing Countries:
Financial Inclusion and Financial Integrity Conference held in April 2012 at the
University of Washington School of Law with the support of the Linden Rhoads
Dean's Innovation Fund.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Further,

      Retail agents are also required to record transactions in a paper log
     book.  ... Seeking to improve and formalize this funds-transfer
     system, Safaricom--Kenya's leading mobile service provider and an
     affiliate of the Vodafone Group--launched its M-PESA service.  ...
     Following a financial access survey conducted in 2006, which indicated
     very low levels of access to financial services throughout the
     country, the Central Bank of Kenya (CBK) announced its commitment to
     exploring "all reasonable options for correcting the financial access
     imbalance" and began to work closely with Vodafone and Safaricom to
     ensure the success of M-PESA.  ... Initially, M-PESA was conceived of
     as a means for microfinance institutions to disburse loans to their
     customers and to enable those customers to make loan repayments using
     their mobile phones.  ... As one Safaricom representative noted:

           Aside from the standard loan repayments for which we had
          designed the system, we observed several other applications:
          People repaying the loans of others in return for services;
          Payment for trading between businesses; Some of the larger
          businesses using M-PESA as an overnight safe because the
          banks closed before the agent shops; People journeying
          between the pilot areas, depositing cash at one end, and
          withdrawing it a few hours later at the other; People
          sending airtime purchased by M-PESA directly to their
          relations up country as a kind of informal remittance;
          People outside the pilot population being sent money for
          various ad hoc reasons , for example, one lady's husband had
          been robbed, so she sent him M-PESA to pay for his bus fare
          home; People repaying loans in return for cash on behalf of
          a few colleagues who hadn't mastered the use of the
          phone--or simply sold it.  ... In order to overcome these
          obstacles, prior to the 2007 launch, Safaricom made a number
          of "significant up front investment s " in the product,
          including opening 750 M-PESA providers nation-wide and
          ensuring at least one M-PESA agent was available in each of
          Kenya's 69 districts.



HIGHLIGHT:

     http://digital.law.washington.edu/dspace-law/handle/1773.1/1204

        ABSTRACT

     The recent and widespread availability of affordable mobile phone
     technology in developing countries has paved the way for the
     development of a number of mobile money and electronic remittance
     services. One of the most successful of these services is Safaricom's
     M-PESA program, launched in the East African nation of Kenya in March
     2007. Since then, the program has successfully enrolled 15.2 million
     users, transferred more than US$ 1.4 trillion in electronic funds, and
     contributed significantly to poverty alleviation and financial
     inclusion efforts in rural Kenya. This Article seeks to trace the
     development of M-PESA in Kenya, provide a snapshot of the Kenyan
     implementation of and experience with the program, and consider the
     role that services like M-PESA might play in national and
     international anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing
     efforts.


 TEXT:
 [*377]  INTRODUCTION

   "The adoption of mobile phones has occurred at perhaps the fastest rate and
to the deepest level of any consumer-level technology in history."  n1 The fixed
line telephone--the predecessor to mobile phones--took 100 years to reach only
80 percent of the population, even in developed countries.  n2 Meanwhile, mobile
phones have been adopted "more than five times as fast"  n3 worldwide, and have
significantly decreased communication costs in many parts of the developing
world.

   Nowhere is the benefit and impact of widely available mobile phone technology
more apparent than in Africa, "where [alternatives to mobile phones such as]
networks of both fixed line communication and physical transportation
infrastructure are often inadequate, unreliable, and dilapidated."  n4 The
adoption of mobile phone technology "in Africa has increased from 3 percent in
2002 to 51 percent today, and is expected to reach 72 percent by 2014."  n5
[*378]  As a result, affordable access to mobile phone technology has allowed a
number of African nations to "leap-frog the [line] en route to 21st century
connectivity."  n6

   However, the positive impact of the adoption of cellular technology has not
been limited to the communications or information technology sectors of
developing countries. In fact, the successful development of mobile money
services in Kenya provides a unique and interesting case study of how access to
mobile phones can revolutionize and democratize the financial and banking
industries of developing nations.

   Currently, there are more Kenyans who own a mobile phone than have access to
a bank account. In this respect, Kenya is not an exceptional case. Worldwide,
only "one billion of the world's 6.5 billion people have bank accounts . . . yet
about three billion have mobile phones."  n7 This global lack of access to
financial services, combined with the increasingly widespread use of mobile
phones, has given rise to an informal practice of using mobile phones as an
alternative to traditional banking systems. Mobile phone users can transfer
funds to other users through pre-paid mobile phone credits sent via short
message service (SMS) communication. Upon receipt, these credits are exchanged
for cash or traded for goods and services in a type of informal, mobile phone
based economy that provides basic financial services to otherwise unserved or
unbanked populations.

   Seeking to improve and formalize this funds-transfer system,
Safaricom--Kenya's leading mobile service provider and an affiliate of the
Vodafone Group--launched its M-PESA service. M-PESA, short for mobile money,  n8
is an SMS-based money transfer system that allows individuals to deposit, send,
and withdraw funds using only their mobile phones. In the M-PESA system,
Safaricom accepts cash deposits from customers who are  [*379]  registered
M-PESA users.  n9 In exchange for their deposits, users are issued "e-float" or
"e-money" that is held in the user's electronic account. The e-money issued is a
shilling-for-shilling representation of actual deposited cash, which is held in
trust. E-money can then be transferred, used to pay for goods and services, or
withdrawn.  n10

   After its launch in 2007, the M-PESA program grew rapidly and reached
approximately 65 percent of Kenyan households by the end of 2009.  n11 The
program provided desperately needed access to reliable financial services and
markedly improved the economic productivity of many impoverished communities
throughout Kenya. As a result, the program was widely viewed as a model of
success to be emulated across the developing world. However, the unique and
uncontroverted success of M-PESA as a financial inclusion and poverty
alleviation program in Kenya has been difficult to replicate in other developing
nations.  n12

   This Article seeks to: (I) analyze relevant demographic information
concerning the population of Kenya that might shed light on the financial needs
of Kenya's consumers and provide explanations for the extraordinary success of
Kenya's M-PESA  [*380]  program; (II) trace the development of M-PESA in Kenya
since its inception in 2003; (III) provide a snapshot of Kenya's implementation
of the M-PESA program to date; and (IV) discuss some of the future challenges
facing M-PESA, including the role that M-PESA and Safaricom might play in
international anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing efforts.

   I. KNOW YOUR CUSTOMER, KNOW YOUR COUNTRY : KENYA' S DEMOGRAPHICS AND THE
STATE OF FINANCIAL INCLUSION PRIOR TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF M-PESA

   Although the success of M-PESA in Kenya is unprecedented and attributable
largely to Safaricom's innovative business model and marketing strategy, some
have suggested that M-PESA's effectiveness was enhanced due to the demographic
characteristics of the Kenyan consumer and Kenyan society that existed prior to
M-PESA's launch.  n13 Therefore, the state of affairs that gave rise to M-PESA's
success and inspired its development is worthy of brief consideration here.

A. The Kenyan Demand for Remittance Services: Kenya's Pattern of Urbanization
and the "Dual System "

   The term "dual system" is used to describe the continued connection that
urban migrants maintain with their rural homes and villages, despite spending a
significant amount of time living or working in urban centers.  n14 The reasons
for these sustained connections are multifold and include their ability to "ease
the transition to urban life."  n15 However, the explanation for these strong
urban-rural connections that most concerns this Article is a financial one. Due
to the severe disparity between urban and rural  [*381]  wages, many laborers
and household breadwinners migrate from rural centers to urban areas without
their families in search of more lucrative employment opportunities. As a
result, many rural households rely on remittances from urban centers for
survival; the two societies become interconnected as a matter of economic
necessity.  n16

   Kenya provides a particularly compelling example of this "dual system." In
Kenya, "30 percent of households . . . depend on remittances for their
survival,"  n17 and over 78 percent of Kenya's population lives in rural
households. As such, Kenya's consumer market expressed a meaningful demand for
urban-to-rural remittance services prior to the implementation of M-PESA. In
fact, some have suggested the urban-to-rural population ratio in Kenya struck a
serendipitous balance that generated the largest possible demand for the
domestic remittance services offered by M-PESA.

   A recent study of demand patterns for remittance services in developing
nations suggests "the potential market size for domestic remittances is related
to urbanization ratios. More propitious [domestic remittance] markets will be
those where the process of rural-urban migration is sufficiently rooted to
produce large migration flows, but not so advanced that rural communities are
hollowed out."  n18 Kenya's history, culture, and public policy have functioned
together to establish and maintain this demand-producing urban-to-rural
population ratio. During Kenya's colonial period, policies were implemented in
the hopes of preventing the establishment of permanent urban centers. For
example, in urban areas, labor was only recruited for temporary periods, wages
were kept low, and only small accommodations not suitable for family living were
available. As a result, "migrant workers would oscillate between . . . urban and
rural area[s] throughout their working life."  n19

    [*382]  Kenya's post-colonial government reversed these policies and sought
to jumpstart economic development through a nation-wide program of urbanization.
Subsequently, urban wages and the number of permanent residents in urban areas
significantly increased. The impact of these policies was, however, muted due to
the significant and sustaining links maintained by urban workers to their rural
homes and rural communities. As explained by a number of scholars in the area,
"In Kenya, migrants' ties with [their] rural homes [are especially strong due
to] an ethnic . . . conception of citizenship . . . expressed through burial,
inheritance, cross-generational dependencies, social insurance, and other ties,
even in cases where migrants reside more or less permanently in cities."  n20

   Despite government policies seeking to increase urbanization, there was not
an unsustainable drain of workers from rural areas to urban centers in Kenya.
Instead, migrating workers continued to send funds to their rural homes and
support the rural communities that they left in search of employment. This
cultural phenomenon is not unique to Kenya. In fact, a strong tie to rural homes
is part of the community spirit embodied in many African cultures. Nevertheless,
there exists an especially strong demand for domestic remittance services in
Kenya, due to its history, culture, and pattern of population growth.

B. Challenges Faced by Kenya's Financial Service Providers in Meeting the Kenyan
Consumer's Demand for Remittance Services

   Prior to Safaricom's M-PESA launch, Kenyans had a number of options for local
remittance services. These services included "commercial banks, post offices,
forex bureaus, bus companies, and friends and family."  n21 Almost all of these
options, however, were either unavailable to the majority of Kenya's consumers
or were extremely unreliable and insecure.

   The most commonly used remittance services--informal friend  [*383]  and
family networks and courier services provided by Kenya's bus companies--risked
the potential of lost or stolen funds and, occasionally, required the payment of
prohibitively high fees.  n22 Similarly, the Kenyan postal service, although
traditionally a popular method for transferring funds to rural communities, "is
perceived by customers as costly, slow, and prone to liquidity shortages at
rural outlets."  n23

   Finally, the ability to transfer funds through a commercial bank is
substantially impaired by the fact that only an extreme minority of rural
Kenyans has access to a bank account with which to receive remitted funds.
Therefore, even with a number of remittance services available to them, most
Kenyans experienced "service gaps, inefficiencies, and unmet demand,
particularly among the low-income population."  n24

C. Confidence in Safaricom and the Ubiquity of Mobile Phones in Kenya

   The development and implementation of a new payment system, such as M-PESA,
is generally faced with a number of financial, cultural, and logistical
challenges, not least of which is attracting users to the service and ensuring
that they will trust their money to a previously unknown and untested commercial
entity. At least in this area, Safaricom had a head start prior to M-PESA's
commercial launch.

   Established in 2000 with 17,000 customers and only 50 employees, Safaricom
has grown into one of the most accessible and well-recognized brands in Kenya.
Today, Safaricom employs over 3,000 individuals and offers services to more than
16 million customers. In Kenya, almost 83 percent of the population who are
fifteen years or older have access to a mobile phone  n25 and Safaricom is
responsible for a significant portion of that  [*384]  penetration. Safaricom
controls nearly 80 percent of the mobile phone market, placing it significantly
ahead of its nearest rivals: Airtel, Yu, and Orange.  n26 As a result, even
before the launch of M-PESA, Safaricom had developed meaningful brand
recognition and trust with Kenya's consumers upon which to build its remittance
service.

D. Kenya's Consumer Profile

   Of course, there are a number of other factors relevant to the viability of
financial inclusion services, such as M-PESA, in Kenya. One important factor is
the demographic character of Kenya's consumer population. It is relevant to note
that Kenya is home to approximately 39 million people, which is about average
for an African nation. Therefore, Kenya can serve as a useful model for other
countries in this regard. However, Kenya is a relatively young country; over 42
percent of its population is under the age of fourteen. It is also important to
note that more than 85 percent of Kenya's population is literate and has had
experience with mobile phone technology. The majority of Kenyans would most
likely be able to adjust to using M-PESA's text message services without much
difficulty. Finally, an important aspect of Kenya's population is its level of
employment. Although 17.94 million individuals are included in Kenya's labor
force, the nation still counts nearly 40 percent of its citizens as unemployed.
As a result, Kenya maintains a relatively high poverty level. Thus, for any
financial service to be successful in Kenya it must not exclude a significant
portion of the country's consumers by being prohibitively expensive.

   II. M-PESA's PILOT PROGRAM

   Taking these factors into account, Safaricom first launched M-PESA in Kenya
as part of a six-month pilot program conceived and developed cooperatively
between a number of public and private entities. The following section seeks to:
(A) identify the  [*385]  important corporations and governmental agencies
involved in M-PESA's pilot program, (B) explain how the M-PESA pilot program was
implemented in Kenya, and (C) mention a few of the lessons learned as the pilot
progressed.

A. The Players: the Role of Vodafone, Safaricom, the United Kingdom, and the
Kenyan Government in M-PESA's Pilot Program

   M-PESA was conceived of at the 2003 World Summit for Sustainable Development,
when the United Kingdom's Department for International Development (DFID)
approached a representative of Vodafone.  n27 The U.K. DFID was convinced that
private organizations did not invest more heavily in international poverty
alleviation efforts because poverty alleviation programs generally require a
significant initial investment, but often fail to generate financial returns
commensurate with that investment. Thus, the DFID believed that if the amount of
money necessary for a program's initial investment could be sufficiently
reduced, poverty alleviation might become a profitable endeavor that would
unleash the creative energies and logistical resources of some of the U.K.'s
largest companies, such as Vodafone. Following this line of reasoning, the U.K.
DFID developed an innovative use for the U.K.'s "challenge funds" intended to
achieve the United Nations' Millennium Development goal of reducing poverty by
50 percent by 2015: subsidizing the investment of private companies in poverty
alleviation efforts.

   Putting its ideas into action, the U.K. DFID proposed a number of
public-private partnerships to Vodafone in which private poverty alleviation
efforts in African nations, such as Kenya, would become more financially
attractive to investors by using the U.K.'s "challenge funds" as a subsidy.  n28
One of the DFID's proposed partnerships eventually resulted in M-PESA. Vodafone
[*386]  won the bid to head up the DFID's program and soon after partnered with
the Safaricom team in Kenya to implement the M-PESA service.

   Safaricom is a publicly traded company registered on the Nairobi Stock
Exchange, but was supported by the Kenyan government during its development of
M-PESA. Following a financial access survey conducted in 2006, which indicated
very low levels of access to financial services throughout the country, the
Central Bank of Kenya (CBK) announced its commitment to exploring "all
reasonable options for correcting the [financial] access imbalance" and began to
work closely with Vodafone and Safaricom to ensure the success of M-PESA.  n29
Perhaps the CBK's largest contribution to the pilot program was simply
recognizing that pre-mature regulation of programs like M-PESA might stifle the
industry's growth. As a result, the CBK imposed almost no regulatory safeguards
on the M-PESA pilot program.  n30

B. Implementation of M-PESA 's Pilot Program

   The M-PESA pilot program in Kenya, headed by Vodafone and Safaricom,
officially began on October 11, 2005.  n31 The pilot consisted of eight agent
stores in three geographically disperse locations: the Nairobi Central Business
District (a well-developed urban center), Mathare (a slum about 8 kilometers out
of the center of town), and Thika (a rural market town approximately 32
kilometers out of the city).

   Initially, M-PESA was conceived of as a means for microfinance institutions
to disburse loans to their customers and to enable those customers to make loan
repayments using their mobile phones. As a result, Vodafone partnered with Faulu
Kenya, a local micro-finance institution that provided microloans to individual
consumers and small business owners who would repay their loans, generally, by a
few dollars every week.  n32 Five hundred Faulu Kenya clients were enrolled in
the pilot program, provided  [*387]  with M-PESA-ready phones, and instructed on
how to use them to repay their loans (their incentive for accepting the deal was
a free phone and a few dollars placed in their M-PESA account).  n33 As the
pilot progressed, the trial participants recognized and explored the potential
of the M-PESA service. As one Safaricom representative noted:


     Aside from the standard loan repayments for which we had designed the
     system, we observed several other applications: People repaying the
     loans of others in return for services; Payment for trading between
     businesses; Some of the larger businesses using M-PESA as an overnight
     safe because the banks closed before the agent shops; People
     journeying between the pilot areas, depositing cash at one end, and
     withdrawing it a few hours later at the other; People sending airtime
     purchased by M-PESA directly to their relations up country as a kind
     of informal remittance; People outside the pilot population being sent
     money for various ad hoc reasons[,] for example, one lady's husband
     had been robbed, so she sent him M-PESA to pay for his bus fare home;
     People repaying loans in return for cash on behalf of a few colleagues
     who hadn't mastered the use of the phone--or simply sold it.  n34

   Based on this expanded use of the service and the demand from those outside
the program to be involved, Safaricom expanded the pilot services by allowing
users to purchase prepaid airtime at a 5 percent discount if purchased with
their deposited M-PESA e-money. Not only did trial participants take advantage
of the service but "a number of customers [set] up as informal airtime resellers
as a side business."  n35

   Six months later, on May 1, 2006, the pilot ended. Its success can be
measured, in part, by the fact that "many trial users  [*388]  continued to
transact on the system after [the pilot concluded]."  n36 The pilot did present,
however, a number of stumbling blocks and lessons for the full launch.

C. Lessons from the Pilot

   The first lesson that became clear from the M-PESA pilot was that it would
not primarily be used as a means to repay microloans. In fact, Safaricom's
partnership with Faulu Kenya generated more unnecessary complications than
benefits to the consumer. "Many of their reconciliation methods were manual and
paper based and reconciling M-PESA transactions in parallel with their existing
systems only seemed to add complexity and additional work for Faulu back-office
staff. Furthermore, Faulu was not able to maintain a stable [I]nternet
connection."  n37 Therefore, "Safaricom decided to proceed with a full
commercial launch of the service without [their] microfinance capabilities."
n38

   Additionally, agents involved in the pilot program were initially hesitant to
pay out physical cash based solely upon an M-PESA text message. In order to
assuage these insecurities for the full launch, agents were given individual
M-PESA cash float accounts and reassurances from Safaricom's head offices.

   Finally, "consumer training was quickly identified as being probably the
biggest challenge" to a countrywide implementation of M-PESA.  n39 Individuals
that were not familiar with mobile phones needed significant training in order
to navigate a mobile phone's menu system and the M-PESA application in
particular. Additionally, although many Kenyans were English-speaking, some,
especially those in the rural areas, spoke primarily Swahili and other tribal
languages. Thus, for the full rollout, Safaricom had to condense these languages
that are not as compact as English, to no more than 160 characters for an SMS
message to achieve optimal levels of customer registration in rural areas.  n40
As a result  [*389]  of these efforts, all customer communications are currently
in both English and Swahili.

   III. M-PESA LAUNCH AND MEASURING THE PROGRAM' S SUCCESS IN KENYA

   In addition to addressing the problems presented during M-PESA's pilot
program, M-PESA's full launch would also have to overcome the adverse network
effects that plague the implementation of nearly every new payment system. In
order to overcome these obstacles, prior to the 2007 launch, Safaricom made a
number of "significant up front investment[s]" in the product, including opening
750 M-PESA providers nation-wide and ensuring at least one M-PESA agent was
available in each of Kenya's 69 districts.  n41 Further, in order to cement
trust and familiarity with the brand, Safaricom began a nationwide advertising
campaign that included television and radio spots as well as traveling roadshows
that provided customer training in the use of mobile phone technology and the
M-PESA service.

   The launch was described as a "massive logistical challenge that led to a
great deal of customer and store confusion and, in the first months . . .
several days' delays to reach customer service hotlines."  n42 Yet the gamble
paid off and within one month Safaricom had registered over 20,000 customers for
the M-PESA service.  n43 Since the launch of the service, about 15 million new
customers have signed up and used it to transfer over US$ 1.4 trillion. As a
result, M-PESA's launch in Kenya has been universally hailed as a success based
upon almost any meaningful vector of comparison.

A. The Rate and Sustained Growth of Customer Registration

   One indication of M-PESA's success is the sheer number of Kenyans who have
chosen to register for the service despite other  [*390]  remittance services
available to them. Between March 2007 (the date of the program's full launch)
and May 2008, over 2 million customers registered; and the number of customers
"reached the 10 million mark in just over three years [after the service was
launched]."  n44 As of December 31, 2011, the reported number of active M-PESA
customers has topped 15.2 million. Currently, out of Safaricom's 17 million
subscribers, 15.2 million (90 percent) are registered for M-PESA, which is 63
percent of the adult population in Kenya. These numbers reflect M-PESA's
outstanding success as a mechanism of financial inclusion.

B. The Growth of M-PESA Retail Agents in Kenya

   The number of M-PESA retail agents in Kenya has grown almost as quickly as
the number of M-PESA clients. During the first year of service, despite
Safaricom's significant initial investment in new M-PESA locations, the growth
of agents lagged behind the demand created by an expanding customer base. This
result, however, was partially by design. Since "store revenues are dependent on
the number of transactions they facilitate, Safaricom was careful not to flood
the market with too many outlets, lest it depress the number of customers per
agent."  n45 As of December 30, 2011, the number of M-PESA retail agents has
expanded to meet customer demand and there are now over 35,500 M-PESA agents in
such diverse sectors as supermarkets, fuel stations, and Safaricom dealers. In
fact, there are now "over five times the number of M-PESA outlets [in Kenya]
than the total number of. . . post offices, bank branches, and automated teller
machines (ATMs)."  n46

C. Volume of e-Money Transactions

   Another important measure of M-PESA's success is the amount of money
transferred through its e-money system. Over two million transactions are
conducted over M-PESA every day.  [*391]  That number constitutes 90 percent of
all mobile money transactions in Kenya and 70 percent of all non-cash financial
transactions. Cumulatively, these transactions amount to more than US$ 4.98
billion transferred per year, which accounts for 17 percent of Kenya's gross
domestic product. Over its five-year history, Safaricom's M-PESA has moved more
than US$ 1.4 trillion in peer-to-peer (P2P) transactions. As a point of
comparison, M-PESA "processes more transactions domestically than Western Union
does globally."  n47

   It is important to note, however, that M-PESA has not replaced banks in
Kenya. In fact, although some traditional banks initially resisted Safaricom's
implementation of M-PESA, many have recently developed partnerships with
Safaricom to offer the M-PESA payment solution to their customers via their own
mobile banking platforms. Nevertheless, the volume of transactions effected
between banks under the Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) method is nearly 700
times the daily value transacted through M-PESA.  n48 On the other hand, the
average mobile transaction is about a hundred times smaller than the average
check transaction (Automated Clearing House, or ACH), and just half the size of
the average ATM transaction.  n49

D. Expansion of Services

   Since its launch, M-PESA has also expanded beyond its initially conceived of
role as a money transfer service that might facilitate microloan repayment. The
first notable new service was announced when Safaricom partnered with Pesa
Point, one of the largest ATM service providers in Kenya, and allowed its users
to make a withdrawal from their M-PESA account at any ATM. This service provided
more convenience to consumers who needed to  [*392]  make a withdrawal after
M-PESA's agents have already closed or from an agent who did not have enough
currency on hand to fulfill a withdrawal request.

   In 2009, Safaricom expanded M-PESA's services again when it launched its pay
bill service. At least "75 companies [began to use] M-PESA to collect payments
from their customers. The biggest user is the electric utility company, which
now has roughly 20 percent of its one million customers paying through M-PESA."
n50 Since then, Safaricom has partnered with 25 banks and over 700 businesses to
facilitate fund deposits, bank transfers and the regular payment of utility
bills, insurance premiums, and loan installments, and more recently, since
November 2012, M-PESA subscribers are now able to open interest earning bank
deposit accounts electronically through their phones. The accounts are funded by
transfer from the subscribers' M-PESA accounts and attract varying rates of
interest. The subscribers will also be able to borrow against funds held in
their bank accounts.

   Other notable services now offered through M-PESA also include: the ability
to purchase airtime for Safaricom's cellular service, the ability to use e-money
to purchase goods and services at M-PESA partner outlets, international money
transfer services currently offered in partnership with Western Union,
M-Ticketing, M-PESA prepaid Visa cards, promotional cash prize payments,
dividend payments, the ability to make charitable contributions, the transfer of
Loyalty Points, and the ability to use M-PESA as a fundraising tool. The final
category, M-PESA as a fundraising tool, deserves special attention following the
recent success of the Kenyans for Kenya Famine Relief Initiative spearheaded by
Safaricom and other businesses. The fundraiser raised KES678 million (US$ 8.5
million), of which KES170 million (US$ 2.1 million), or about 25 percent, was
contributed through M-PESA.

E. Financial Independence for Rural Communities and Female Empowerment

   Of course, M-PESA was not developed solely as a  [*393]  moneymaking
enterprise. In fact, at inception, its explicit purpose was to help achieve the
United Nation's Millennium Development Goals. Thus, another measure of M-PESA's
success is the manner in which it has helped reduce the impact of poverty for
women and children in rural Kenya.

   Since M-PESA allows the safe transfer and storage of money, rural Kenyans no
longer need to make lengthy trips to urban areas to make monthly payments for
basic services, such as light or heat. This saves not only time that would
otherwise be directed toward economically productive activity, but also money
(on average US$ 3 per transaction) that can be more usefully spent on food and
placed into long-term savings.

   M-PESA also has the potential to increase net household savings by
"facilitat[ing] inter-personal transactions [that] improve the allocation of
savings across households and businesses by [improving] the person-to-person
credit market [and] . . . increas[ing] the average return to capital [in that
market] . . . producing a feed-back to the level of saving."  n51 Whether this
has actually resulted is up for debate: "While some customers use M-PESA as a
savings device, [the service] still falls short of being a useful [method of
savings] for most [of Kenya's] poor."  n52 As of 2009, the average savings
balance of an M-PESA account was around US$ 3.  n53

   Nevertheless, because M-PESA also makes the transfer of funds across large
distances comparatively inexpensive, rural households are more likely to make
efficient investments in human capital by sending "members to high paying jobs
in distant locations . . . and [allowing them] to invest in skills that are
likely to earn a [greater economic] return" in places outside their village.
n54 Moreover, M-PESA allows rural households to effectively spread risk. If a
"risk-related effect arises," M-PESA allows a quick transfer of funds.  n55
"Instead of waiting for  [*394]  conditions to worsen to levels that cause
long-term damage, M-PESA might enable support networks to keep negative shocks
[such as a medical emergency] manageable."  n56

   Finally, M-PESA has increased the bargaining power of weaker family members,
in many cases women. These family members can now expect "larger and more
regular remittances from better-off city-dwelling relatives" and can also create
a private place to store and manage their own funds, giving them a level of
financial independence previously unavailable to them.  n57

   IV. FUTURE CHALLENGES : ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING AND COUNTER-TERRORIST FINANCING
REGULATIONS IMPLICATING M-PESA

   Despite its successes, one of the challenges M-PESA faces is compliance with
the ever-changing requirements of local and international anti-money laundering
(AML) and counter-terrorist financing (CTF) programs. Although M-PESA is subject
to the same AML controls required of banks operating in Kenya, the CBK and
Kenya's telecommunication regulator, the Communications Commission of Kenya
(CCK)--cognizant of the risk posed by premature regulation of the mobile money
industry--have historically taken a very open and supportive stance towards
telecommunication operators seeking to provide financial services to unbanked
populations in Kenya. The following sections seek to outline the manner in which
AML controls in Kenya have evolved in their application to services like M-PESA.

A. The Application of Traditional Kenyan Banking Law to Mobile Money

   At the time of M-PESA's launch, Kenya attempted to regulate mobile money
service providers only though an expansion of preexisting regulations applicable
to traditional banks. Prior to 1990,  [*395]  the only measures taken to control
mobile money laundering were contained in generally applicable criminal laws
(such as the Anti-Corruption and Economic Crimes Act) and guidelines issued by
the CBK, pursuant to the Kenyan Banking Act, seeking to implement
recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF). These FATF
Recommendations included: know your customer (KYC) regulations, customer due
diligence (CDD) procedures, transaction monitoring requirements, watch list
screening procedures, suspicious activity reporting (SAR), and mandatory record
keeping. In December 2009, more stringent regulations were imposed with the
passage of the Proceeds of Crime & Anti-Money Laundering Act (AML Act). Kenya's
AML Act explicitly criminalized money laundering, provided enforcement measures
to the Kenya government (such as tracing and seizure rights), and imposed severe
penalties on money launderers. Moreover, the FATF Recommendations previously
implemented only through CBK prudential guidelines became mandatory for all
financial service providers, including mobile money service providers like
Safaricom.

B. The CBK's Electronic Payment Guidelines and Sector-Specific Regulations

   In 2011, the Kenyan government deviated from its regulatory strategy of
merely applying traditional banking law to mobile money service providers by
developing sector-specific guidelines concerning mobile money and electronic
payments. In consultation with stakeholders including Safaricom, the CBK issued
its Electronic Payment Guidelines of 2011 and Retail Electronic Transfer
Guidelines of 2011. These regulations notably required authorized electronic
money issuers, such as Safaricom's M-PESA Holding Company (which holds funds on
behalf of M-PESA customers), to maintain a core capital of the greater of KES10
million or 1 percent of one-twelfth of the previous year's total turnover.

   Following the release of the CBK's e-money guidelines and a substantial
lobbying effort by Kenya's banking industry, the Kenyan Parliament began
debating the potential for a new payments law that would more rigorously control
electronic  [*396]  payments and place mobile money on an equal regulatory
footing with comparable funds-transfer services provided by traditional banking
institutions. These debates culminated in the enactment of the National Payment
Systems Act (NPSA) in December 2011.

   The NPSA brings all payment service providers, including mobile phone service
providers, into one regulatory framework and provides the CBK with direct
oversight of these providers to ensure their safety and efficiency. Discussions
are also currently underway concerning the passage of a Kenyan Anti-Terrorism
Bill that will impose even further AML and CTF regulations on mobile money
service providers.

C. Compliance With and Voluntarily Imposed AML Programs in Mobile Money

   By all accounts, Safaricom's M-PESA service has maintained compliance with
all applicable AML regulations and has remained largely immune from corruption
or misuse. In fact, in 2008, when the traditional banking industry lobbied the
Kenyan Finance Minister to order an audit of the service, it was "declared . . .
safe and in line with the country's objectives for financial inclusion" with
minimal incidences of fraud perpetrated by the use of the M-PESA system were
uncovered through the audit.  n58 Safaricom's own internal and voluntary AML
procedures are largely responsible for this result.

   As with any major financial service, however, there have been reported cases
of fraud and social engineering scams whereby unsuspecting subscribers have lost
money to confidence tricksters. Thus, the financial innovations that have
transformed M-PESA into a major payment service with millions of transactions
worth billions of dollars annually should be developed hand in hand with
appropriate controls to protect the M-PESA service from being used as an easy
tool for money laundering and terrorism financing.

   In this regard, Safaricom has proactively developed and implemented a
comprehensive set of internal AML policies and  [*397]  procedures including:
(1) agent training, (2) internal KYC policies, and (3) strict transaction
monitoring.

1. Staff and Agent Training for M-PESA Providers

   For many aspects of the M-PESA service, Safaricom only works directly with
"master agents" who in turn are entrusted with the control of retail sub-agents.
However, there is one area over which Safaricom maintains tight and direct
control: staff and agent training. Safaricom maintains this control, in part, to
ensure that M-PESA's users receive a consistent and positive experience
regardless of which agent they choose to patronize, but also to comply with
Safaricom's AML and CTF policies. Before a new agent is authorized to provide
the M-PESA service, Safaricom provides in-depth and comprehensive agent training
that covers all aspects of the service, as well as Safaricom's AML, CTF, and KYC
procedures. Additionally, staff members at all levels are taken through formal
and web-based AML awareness training. The program, adapted from the AML policy
instituted by the Vodafone Group, encompasses all aspects of the M-PESA service
and is annually audited by the Vodafone Group Money Laundering Reporting Office
to ensure its effectiveness.

2. Identity Verification and "Know Your Customer" Procedures in M-PESA

   M-PESA customers and agents are also subject to comprehensive KYC
verification and CDD checks to protect M-PESA and related services from being
used for money laundering. These procedures include an automated watch-list
screening program (screening both for Politically Exposed Persons and persons on
international sanctions lists) and a KYC regime requiring retail agents to
"validate a customer's identity during each transaction using [a] national ID
card presented by the customer."  n59 Should a customer or agent present a
money-laundering risk, appropriate deterrent action is taken resulting,  [*398]
when applicable, in the investigation and prosecution of suspects by the
relevant law enforcement agencies.

3. Transactional Controls

   In addition to the KYC controls mentioned above, Safaricom has implemented a
number of transactional controls, including transactional limits and ongoing
transaction monitoring to detect suspicious activity and prevent money
laundering.

   M-PESA transactions are closely monitored through an automated Transaction
Monitoring System with appropriate exception parameters, based on set
transactional patterns. Any exception alerts generated by the system are
investigated and appropriate action is taken to close the account and/or to
escalate the matter to management or the relevant law enforcement agencies for
resolution.

   Transaction limits are set at KES70,000 (approximately US$ 900) per
transaction with a maximum daily limit of KES140,000 (approximately US$ 1800)
for cash deposits, transfers, and withdrawals, a maximum holding limit of KES
100,000 (approximately US$ 800), and a KES 10,000 (approximately US$ 130) limit
for airtime purchases. System restrictions are in place to prevent any attempt
to circumvent these limits. Further,


     Retail agents are also required to record transactions in a paper log
     book. For each transaction, the agent enters: the M[-]PESA balance,
     the date, agent ID, transaction ID, transaction type (customer deposit
     or withdrawal, agent cash rebalancing), value, customer phone number,
     customer name, and the customer's national ID number. Most of this
     information is copied from the confirmation SMS that the agent
     receives. Customers are then asked to sign the log for each
     transaction, which helps to discourage fraud. The log book is branded
     by  [*399]  Safaricom and all retail agents use the same format.  n60

   All transactional information is stored electronically on the M-PESA
platform, appropriate reports of those transactions are made available to
customers and compliance officers, and suspicious transactions are automatically
reported in compliance with Kenya's AML and CTF programs.

   CONCLUSION

   What lessons can be drawn from the development of M-PESA in Kenya? First,
there are a number of characteristics of Kenya's population and culture that
generated a unique demand for remittance services and made Kenya especially
supportive of M-PESA's development. However, Safaricom's diverse agent network,
robust money transfer platform, low price, and strong mobile infrastructure were
able to generate the trust, convenience, and brand recognition necessary to
ensure early and consistently high levels of M-PESA service adoption.

   Finally, and perhaps most significantly, M-PESA's success in Kenya is due, at
least in part, to the enabling environment provided by regulators such as the
CBK and the CCK. The passage of Kenya's NPSA and related legislation, coupled
with increasing international efforts seeking to tighten control over mobile
payment service providers might significantly alter the regulatory landscape for
services like M-PESA and guide their progress in the future.

   The development of AML and CTF efforts, however, is not a one-way street. In
fact, the most recent Mobile Financial Services Risk Matrix issued by the United
States Agency for International Development (USAID) Booz Allen Hamilton group
was developed largely by incorporating Safaricom's own risk mitigation policies,
procedures, and processes. Thus, it is evident that Safaricom and its successful
implementation of the M-PESA service in Kenya will continue to have an important
influence on the development of  [*400]  mobile financial services and the
future of international AML efforts.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Business & Corporate LawAgency RelationshipsDuties & LiabilitiesIndemnityTax
LawFederal Income Tax ComputationSales & ExchangesRelated Party Transactions
(IRC sec. 1239)Eighty Percent OwnershipTax LawFederal Income Tax ComputationTax
AccountingGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:





n1  William Jack & Tavneet Suri, Mobile Money: The Economics of M-PESA 2 (Nat'l
Bureau of Econ. Research, Working Paper No. 16721, 2011), available at
http://www.nber.org/papers/w16721.





n2  Id. at 3.





n3  Id. at 2-3.





n4  Id. at 2.





n5  Ignacio Mas & Daniel Radcliffe, Mobile Payments Go Viral: M-PESA in Kenya,
32 J. FIN. TRANSFORMATION 169, 172 (2011), available at
http://www.capco.com/sites/all/files/journal-32_article-16.pdf.





n6  Jack & Suri, supra note 1, at 2.





n7  Briana Sapp, Mobile Phones Revolutionise Banking, INTER PRESS SERVICE NEWS
AGENCY, May 23, 2007, available at
http://www.ipsnews.net/2007/05/finance-africa-mobile-phones-revolutionise-bankin
g/.





n8  Pesa is Swahili for money.





n9  Int'l Fin. Corp., M-Money Channel Distribution Case -- Kenya 1 (World Bank
Grp., Case Study Tool 6.7, 2011).





n10  Id. ("Registration and deposits are free and most other transactions are
priced based on a tiered structure to allow even the poorest users to be able to
use the system at a reasonable cost. Transaction values are typically small,
ranging from USD 5 to USD 30."); Mas & Radcliffe, supra note 5, at 170
("[Retail] stores are paid a fee by Safaricom each time they exchange [cash for
M-PESA credit] on behalf of customers.").





n11  Jack & Suri, supra note 1, at 5 ("The average number of new registrations
per day exceeded 5,000 in August 2007, and reached nearly 10,000 in December
that year . . . [b]y August 2009, a stock of about 7.7 million M-PESA accounts
had been registered. There are now about 23,000 agents, and data from late 2009
indicated that even by then more than two-thirds of Kenyan households had at
least one member who used the service.").





n12  For a discussion of the difficulty of replicating the success of M-PESA in
Kenya and some explanations of this result, see, e.g., Gunnar Camner & Emil
Sjoblom, Can the Success of M-PESA Be Repeated? -- A Review of the
Implementations in Kenya and Tanzania, VALUABLE BITS (Sept. 14, 2009),
http://www.mobileactive.org/files/file_uploads/camner_sjoblom_differences_ke_tz.
pdf.





n13  See, e.g., Mas & Radcliffe, supra note 5.





n14  Olga Morawczynski, Surviving in the "Dual System": How M-PESA is Fostering
Urban-to-Rural Remittances in a Kenyan Slum 2 (Univ. of Edinburgh, Soc. Studies
Unit, Working Paper, 2008), available at
http://www.mobileactive.org/files/file_uploads/Olga_Morawczynski-M-PESA-2008.pdf
.





n15  Id.





n16  Id.





n17  Id.





n18  Amrik Heyer & Ignacio Mas, Seeking Fertile Grounds for Mobile Money 5-6
(Bill & Melinda Gates Found., Working Paper, 2009), available at
http://mmublog.org/wp-content/files_mf/fertile_grounds_mobile_money.pdf.





n19  Morawczynski, supra note 14, at 4.





n20  Mas & Radcliffe, supra note 5, at 173.





n21  Morawczynski, supra note 14, at 2.





n22  Id. at 10.





n23  Mas & Radcliffe, supra note 5, at 174.





n24  Kamau Kabbucho et al., Passing the Buck: Money Transfer Systems: The
Practice and Potential for Products in Kenya v DAI (May 2003),
http://dai.com/sites/default/files/pubs/other/Passing_the_Buck.pdf.





n25  Jack & Suri, supra note 1, at 4.





n26  Id. at 5.





n27  Nick Hughes & Susie Lonie, M-PESA: Mobile Money for the "Unbanked": Turning
Cellphones into 24-Hour Tellers in Kenya, 2 INNOVATIONS 63, 66 (2007).





n28  Id.





n29  Mas & Radcliffe, supra note 5, at 173.





n30  Id.





n31  Int'l Fin. Corp., supra note 9, at 10.





n32  Hughes & Lonie, supra note 27, at 70.





n33  Id. at 74.





n34  Id. at 76.





n35  Id.





n36  Int'l Fin. Corp., supra note 9, at 10.





n37  Id. at 4.





n38  Id.





n39  Hughes & Lonie, supra note 27, at 74.





n40  Id. at 72-73.





n41  Mas & Radcliffe, supra note 5, at 178.





n42  Id.





n43  Hughes & Lonie, supra note 27, at 63.





n44  Mas & Radcliffe, supra note 5, at 170.





n45  Id. at 179.





n46  Id. at 170.





n47  Id. at 169.





n48  Stephen Mwaura Nduati, Head, Nat'l Payments Sys., Cent. Bank of Kenya,
Kenya's Payments System 16 (Feb. 17, 2009), available at
http://aitec.usp.net/Banking%20&%20Payment%20Technologies%20EA"17-19Feb2009/Step
hen%20Mwaura%20Nduati%20%5bCompatibility%20Mode%5d.pdf.





n49  Id.





n50  Mas & Radcliffe, supra note 5, at 171.





n51  Jack & Suri, supra note 1, at 11.





n52  Mas & Radcliffe, supra note 5, at 180.





n53  Id.





n54  Jack & Suri, supra note 1, at 11.





n55  Id.





n56  Id.





n57  Id.





n58  Mas & Radcliffe, supra note 5, at 174.





n59  Int'l Fin. Corp., supra note 9, at 13.





n60  Id.


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 New Market Era

                           January 17, 2013 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

York female entrepreneurs get boost

BYLINE: Sean Pearce, spearce@yrmg.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 473  words


Hundreds of low-income women will receive help growing their businesses thanks
to a new government microloan program unveiled by the province this week. The
Microlending for Women in Ontario program was announced by Education and Women's
Issues Minister Laurel Broten at the Women's Centre of York Region in Newmarket.
As part of the program, six non-profit organizations, including the Women's
Centre, will receive funding to assist low-income women seeking to grow their
businesses by offering financial literacy training, entrepreneurial mentoring,
skills development and other types of support.

Once business-ready, the women who go through these programs will be eligible to
receive small loans, also known as microloans, to start their own businesses. As
many as 400 microloans will be given out across Ontario, ranging in value from
$500 to $5,000, provincial officials estimate. "Microlending has been proven to
be effective in lifting women out of poverty in Ontario and around the world,"
Ms Broten said. "It not only allows women to survive, but to thrive." Richmond
Hill MPP Reza Moridi was also on hand for the announcement and stressed women
"contribute immensely" to the provincial economy. Programs such as the new
microlending initiative can only ensure the trend will continue, he said. "This
program will help low-income women in York Region by giving them the necessary
support and skills to succeed as entrepreneurs," Mr. Moridi said. Women's centre
executive director Kristen Eastwood said 2013 is already shaping up to be a big
year for the organization, with new initiatives coming online and plans to
expand its economic development programs into Markham this spring. The new
microlending program is one more positive development that will help women going
through the centre's Enterprising Business Incubator Program, who might not
ordinarily have access to capital due to poor or non-existent credit, realize
their entrepreneurial visions, she said. "We wanted to create a well-rounded
program that would not only give the applicants the knowledge and support needed
to run a successful business, but the self-confidence to start one from the
ground up," Ms Eastwood said. The Women's Centre will receive close to $50,000
to establish its micro-financing program for women in its business incubator. In
addition to thanking the province, Ms Eastwood also expressed gratitude to
Meridian Credit Union for altering its lending requirements to become a partner
in the program. Meridian is always seeking new ways to get involved in the
community and the new microloan program is definitely a means of doing just
that, branch manager Jill Hendry explained. "It's really giving back to the
community," she said. "It's also going to help create jobs here, so it's really
a good fit for us." To learn more, visit wcyr.ca

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 31, 2016 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

What Data Can Do to Fight Poverty

BYLINE: By ANNIE DUFLO and DEAN KARLAN.

Annie Duflo is the executive director of Innovations for Poverty Action, of
which Dean Karlan, a professor of economics at Yale, is the founder.

SECTION: Section SR; Column 0; Sunday Review Desk; GRAY MATTER; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 937 words


IF social scientists and policy makers have learned anything about how to help
the world's poorest people, it's not to trust our intuitions or anecdotal
evidence about what kinds of antipoverty programs are effective. Rigorous
randomized evaluations of policies, however, can show us what works and what
doesn't.

Consider microloans. This celebrated and sensible-sounding strategy -- advancing
small sums of money to help women in developing countries become entrepreneurs
-- has been supported by inspiring tales of people pulling themselves out of
poverty by creating small businesses. But studies show that such stories are
outliers. Six randomized evaluations of microloan programs, for example,
published last year in the American Economic Journal, found that microloans,
though helpful for the poor, didn't actually increase income for the average
borrower.

Two other recent studies, conducted in sub-Saharan Africa by field researchers
working with scholars of behavioral science in the United States and England,
also tested antipoverty strategies and found in each case that conventional
instincts about what would work were wrong. (These collaborations were organized
by our nonprofit, Innovations for Poverty Action, which has overseen more than
500 such evaluations in 51 countries.)

The first study took place in Uganda. As is the case in many poor countries,
even when children in Uganda can go to school, they often lack the money for
basic school supplies, which can limit their learning. Research has shown that
''commitment devices,'' which keep savings out of reach until a date or savings
goal is reached, can be effective in helping people save. So one of us,
Professor Karlan, along with the University of Texas economist Leigh Linden,
collaborated with two education organizations in Uganda to find out if
commitment devices could help students save for school supplies -- and if so,
how best to design the commitment strategy.

Public primary school students were given the chance to deposit money weekly
into a lockbox, and they were informed that their accumulated savings would be
returned to them at a school-supplies fair at the beginning of the next
trimester. Schools were randomly assigned to one of three groups. In the first
group, students were offered a ''hard'' commitment: Their accumulated savings
would be returned in the form of a voucher that had to be spent on school
supplies. In the second group, students got a ''soft'' commitment: Their savings
would be returned in cash, and could be spent as they wished. The third group of
schools continued as normal, serving as a comparison group whose savings and
spending money were also observed.

You might think that the ''hard'' commitment would be the best strategy, since
it forces the money to be spent on school supplies. But surprisingly, as we
report in a working paper, the soft commitment worked better. Students who got
their savings back in cash saved more, and when the program was combined with
parental involvement (which was also randomized), the students also bought more
school supplies and achieved higher test scores.

The second study took place in Zambia. One problem there, as in other low-income
countries, is how to recruit the ''right'' kind of workers for jobs like
teachers and health workers -- where ''right'' refers to those who are capable
and genuinely interested in helping the community, not just looking for money
and a steppingstone to another job. There is often resistance to increasing what
these jobs pay, or otherwise improving their benefits, for fear of attracting
opportunists.

The researchers Nava Ashraf and Scott Lee from Harvard Business School and
Oriana Bandiera from the London School of Economics and Political Science tested
this conventional wisdom by varying whether one particular job benefit --
opportunities for career advancement -- was advertised in a government
recruitment drive for a nationwide health-worker program. The researchers
randomly assigned some rural communities to receive advertisements for the jobs
that announced opportunities for career advancement, whereas in other areas, the
advertisements were silent on this issue.

Contrary to expectation, the researchers reported in a working paper released
last year, those recruited with ''career'' advertisements were more qualified
and scored higher on exams during training, and also exhibited the same degree
of emphasis on community service. The ''go-getters'' also outperformed the
''do-gooders'' on the job, seeing the same number of patients in their health
clinics while conducting 29 percent more home visits and twice as many community
health meetings. (After being recruited, everyone was told about the
opportunities for career advancement, so that no differences in performance
could be attributed to differing incentives.)

More important, updated data show that communities served by the ''go-getters''
are doing better on key health benchmarks such as facility-based childbirth,
breast-feeding, vaccinations and nutrition. Based on these findings, the Zambian
government changed its recruitment advertising as it looks to expand its
health-worker program.

These two insights -- committing to cash savings, recruiting ''go-getters'' for
community service jobs -- are just the tip of the iceberg. We have found that
pairing experts in behavioral science with ''on the ground'' teams of
researchers and field workers has yielded many good ideas about how to address
the problems of poverty. Hope and rhetoric are great for motivation, but not for
figuring out what to do. There you need data.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/31/opinion/sunday/what-data-can-do-to-fight-pover
ty.html

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY GéRARD DUBOIS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                                  June 3, 2005

Donation is great news

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 279 words


Veteran BBC broadcaster John Humphrys has made a generous donation to the work
of the Chiswick-based charity the MicroLoan Foundation from his newly created
Kitchen Table Charities Trust.

He said: "We're all vaguely familiar with the hideous statistics. More than a
billion people live on less than 70p a day the average cow on a European farm
gets twice that in subsidies.

"The charities supported by the Kitchen Table Charities Trust put all their
effort into helping the most vulnerable people.

"They all make a big difference for a very small amount of money and everyday
they are literally transforming the lives of people in need.

"It is profoundly moving to see what they are doing to change people's lives and
profoundly depressing to see them struggle to raise the small sums they need to
keep doing it.

"That's why I have set up the Trust."

The MicroLoan Foundation fits this profile perfectly.

Established in 1998 since 2002 it has been making small loans typically less
than £50 to women in Malawi and training them to set up and run their own
cottage-industry type businesses.

To date over 3 300 loans have been made and the charity which employs only local
staff in Malawi has grown from one man and a bicycle to nine staff and several
motorbikes.

Ninety-seven per cent of loan capital is repaid at the end of the loan period
and so gets recycled into further loan groups.

Managing trustee Peter Ryan based in Chiswick West London said: "We are really
grateful to John Humphrys for helping us continue this work and for recognising
that fundraising for charities such as ourselves is a massive on-going
challenge."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            July 15, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Brewer taps into the market for craft beer;
FUNDING

BYLINE: ROBERT GIBSON

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 478 words


ACOUNTY Durham microbrewery has secured a £25,000 cash injection as it taps into
the growing market for locally-produced craft beer.

Black Paw Brewery, which manufactures and distributes its own ales, received the
investment from the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund, a regional
scheme managed by Rivers Capital Partners, which gives small companies with
solid business plans the boost they need to grow.

Established in July 2011, the company was set up by director Phil Whitfield who
had worked for the NHS for 20 years, pursuing an interest in beer during his
spare time, and brewing at home when possible.

After long aspiring to create his own brand, he got the business of the ground
after converting an empty industrial unit in Bishop Auckland, County Durham,
into a brewery.

With a capacity larger than its competitors, Black Paw can produce 1,600 litres
of beer in a single brew, meaning Mr Whitfield can produce six year-round beers
along with numerous seasonal products.

As well its selling its casks both locally and nationally, the company also
produces bottles and minicasks to be sold directly to local businesses and at
Farmers and Christmas markets.

Mr Whitfield applied to the Microlan Fund after being encouraged to do so by his
business mentor as a method of growing working capital.

The cash investment will enable the business to grow substantially in numerous
directions and Mr Whitfield intends to set up an E-Commerce site through which
he can send his products by post. He also has ambitions to export Black Paw's
products, envisages tripling his turnover within three years and is considering
purchasing new premises.

The Microloan Fund, he said, provided a good alternative to mainstream lenders
through a "very open and honest" process, aided by River Capital's "helpful and
friendly" approach.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "It has been a
pleasure working with Phil, who shows a real passion for what he does. Turning a
hobby into a business is something a lot of people dream of doing, and we're
happy that the Microloan Fund was there to help him take Black Paw beer to the
next step".

The North East Microloan Fund provides loans of £1,000 to £25,000 and is pitched
as being ideal for inspired individuals who recognise lack of finance to be the
missing link holding their businesses back.

The Fund is specifically aimed at those who have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance and can even provide affordable credit for those with a poor
credit history. Since the provision of a loan is not based on the company's
assets but rather its overall quality, the application process is designed to be
quick and hassle-free, with guidance provided by professionals throughout.

Turning a hobby into a business is something a lot of people dream of
doingNikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: From left, trainee investment executive at Rivers Capital Partners
James Holloway, fund manager Nikita <BBazko and director at Black Paw Brewery
Phil Whitfield

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       April 3, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

The Boston Beer Company: Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream Continues to
Expand Small Business Micro-lending and Coaching

LENGTH: 923  words


April 3 -- Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream today announced that it is
expanding its program in the coming year and expects to lend another $1 million
in microloans and increase its coaching and counseling activities. To date, the
program has already provided nearly $3 million in microloans to more than 300
small businesses, and advised more than 4,000 entrepreneurs nationwide.



The program, inspired by Samuel Adams founder and brewer Jim Koch's own
experience starting a business, provides critical access to funding and expert
business advice. Working in partnership with Accion, the nation's leading
non-profit provider of small business capital and coaching, Brewing the American
Dream provides microloans ranging from $500-$25,000 to food, beverage, craft
brewing, and hospitality small business owners. The innovative program also
offers critical nuts-and-bolts business advice through its Speed Coaching
events, ongoing mentoring, and Pitch Room competitions that are held in select
cities across the country.

"The smallest businesses continue to face the same challenges I did when brewing
my first batch of Samuel Adams Boston Lager in my kitchen 30 years ago," said
Jim Koch, brewer and founder of Samuel Adams. "Not only are traditional lenders
still unable to lend to them because they're viewed as too risky or their loan
needs aren't big enough, but also small business owners continue to be in need
of real-world guidance and counseling.  Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream
remains committed to filling those needs through an impactful combination of
financing and coaching that helps entrepreneurs grow their businesses and drive
economic growth within their communities."

Koch noted that while the success of the program could be measured by the number
of jobs it's helped create or retain (more than 1,900 to date) or its
above-average loan repayment rate (98.1%), he's especially pleased with its
ability to help small businesses build their credit to secure larger loans.

"A great example is ice cream maker Halo Top Creamery in Los Angeles," he said.
"After receiving a loan and one-on-one coaching through Brewing the American
Dream, the founders built-up their credit and were then able to secure a
$250,000 loan from the SBA. Now they have a major contract with Whole Foods and
are selling products in 36 states."

Extending Business Coaching and Mentoring Activities

Brewing the American Dream will extend its Speed Coaching activities in cities
throughout the country In 2014 the program will host events in 14 locations
including Boston, Chicago, Cincinnati, Denver, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, San
Diego, San Francisco, Lehigh Valley, Pa, Western Mass  and Washington, DC - and
for the first time in Philadelphia and Seattle.

Trudy Alston, owner of Harvest Time Cafe in Chicago, is just one of thousands of
small business owner who've benefitted from the program's Speed Coaching events.
"I received a business education in a single night at my first Speed Coaching
event," said Alston. "I met with three or four coaches, and walked out of there
with information on how to finally write my business plan and get all of the
licenses I needed."

Following Speed Coaching Trudy applied for and received a Brewing the American
Dream loan. One year later she was able to open a storefront catering business
with a take-out counter, and has plans to expand into a restaurant location and
hire more staff.

In 2014, Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream will also hold its Pitch Room
competition for the second year in a row to help food and beverage small
business owners perfect the art of the sales pitch. The competition consists of
four regional events across the country in which participants pitch their
products to a panel of expert judges - including celebrity chefs as well as
major retail buyers- and receive constructive feedback and advice Regional
winners are invited to participate in the final competition for the chance to be
named the 2014 national Pitch Room winner and receive a $10,000 business grant
as well as extended mentoring and coaching from Samuel Adams.

This year, regional Pitch Room competitions will be held in Boston, Chicago,
Denver, and New York with the final competition also in New York. Additionally,
there will be a new online "Wild Card" component where small businesses from
across the country can submit video pitches for consideration. The best pitches
will be posted online and the public will be invited to vote for a "Wild Card"
winner to compete in the finals alongside the regional winners.

Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream Model Grows

According to Gina Harman, president and CEO of Accion's U.S. Network, the
success of the Brewing the American Dream program can largely be attributed to
its unique pairing of critical capital and business know-how. "Access to capital
is only one piece of the puzzle. By pairing much needed financing with
real-world educational resources through Samuel Adams employees and local
business advisors, the program is able to equip small business owners with the
tools they need to grow, succeed and realize their big dreams."

Harman noted these types of programs continue to be extremely important given
that the lending environment for the smallest businesses remains challenging.
"Finding financing can still be very difficult for many entrepreneurs who are
just starting out," she said. "That's why partnerships like Brewing the American
Dream, that deliver real value to small business owners, are needed now more
than ever.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                           August 24, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Mersey Edition

New jobs as microloans provider expands Speke office

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 242 words


EUROPE'S leading provider of microloans is expanding its Speke-based UK
headquarters.

Finland-based Ferratum provides short-term loans online and via mobile phone in
15 countries and opened its first UK office last month.

It can provide loans of between pounds 50 and pounds 300, repayable from seven
to 45 days, to meet the short-term financial needs of customers.

It has received thousands of applications in the month since the office opened,
leading to a recruitment drive taking staffing from three to 12, with more
expected in the coming weeks.

Ferratum UK's sales and marketing manager, Ian Porter, said: "We could not have
wished for a better start and, if we continue at this rate, we will smash our
firstyear business targets within a matter of months.

"We believe we have entered the market at exactly the right time."

The firm aims to be the leading global mobile microloan company by 2014,
operating on all five continents in more than 50 countries and serving more than
10m customers.

So far, the Helsinkiheadquartered organisation employs more than 150 staff and
currently serves more than 700,000 customers.

It was founded by chief executive and Finnish entrepreneur Jorma Jokela, in
2005. Jokela said: "We are pleased with how well our UK launch has gone, but our
extensive research told us that demand for our products was likely to be high.

"As a company, we believe passionately in the importance of responsible
lending."

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2011 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Microloans and more;
Agencies offer money and other support for budding entrepreneurs

BYLINE: Stories Natalie Paddon Hamilton Business

SECTION: HBDF; Pg. HB10

LENGTH: 888 words


When Josie Rudderham and Nicole Millerwere preparing to launch Cake and Loaf in
2011, they knew traditional financing wasn't an option.

Rudderham was on maternity leave and Miller had been working at another bakery
for about a decade making a modest wage. Neither was in a position where they
would qualify for the funding needed to get their neighbourhood bakery business
rolling.

"Banks wouldn't come near us. There was no way," says Rudderham, now 34. "Any
financial institution we went to said, 'OK, where are your co-signers?'"

But the two wanted to maintain their independence and not involve anyone else in
the company.

A private family loan allowed the partners to do that by providing enough
funding to finance the bulk of their business.

A $15,000 microloan through the Canadian Youth Business Foundation - now called
Futurpreneur Canada - was the icing on the cake. The nonprofit provides support
to aspiring business owners between the ages of 18 and 39.

"We jumped at it," Rudderham recalls. "Finally we were in a lucky position where
it just made things easier."

The whole process - from applying for the loan to receiving feedback directly
from small business people - was a supportive one, she adds. Not only did the
program offer funding, it also hooked the two women up with a mentor for two
years: a chartered accountant they could call for advice.

"It feels a lot more co-operative, like they are truly trying to start a
business with you."

Being a young entrepreneur whose wage is enough to get by on but not what banks
want to see before they'll lend money is among the barriers to launching small
and medium-sized businesses. So are living in poverty and not having assets that
can be used as collateral, and not having Canadian credit history because the
would-be entrepreneur is new to the country.

"Maybe in Syria you had an empire. Maybe you had a factory. Maybe you employed
3,000 ... but you came here, there's no record of you," says Dr. Benson Honig,
the Teresa Cascioli Chair of Entrepreneurial Studies at McMaster University's
DeGroote School of Business.

"For the bank, it doesn't matter what is in your head, you are extremely
high-risk."

Microloans - sums as little as $500, on up to $15,000 or more - can serve as an
alternative for financing a startup if you face such barriers.

But they appear to be slow to catch on. According to 2011 numbers from
Statistics Canada, only two per cent of small and medium-sized businesses used
microcredit.

Ontario-wide microlending programs range from the Ontario Catapult Microloan
Fund for Social Enterprises that provides loans of $5,000 to $25,000, to Rise
Asset Development, which offers funding from $300 to $10,000 to people facing
mental health or addiction challenges.

For Ontario residents between the ages of 15 and 29, the Strategic Community
Entrepreneurship Projects program offers entrepreneurship training and $3,000
grants to help get businesses started.

Locally, programs include the one offered through the Hamilton YWCA and another
through FirstOntario Credit Union, and grants are available through provincial
programs such as Starter Company, which is administered through the city's Small
Business Enterprise Centre.

FirstOntario's program launched as a pilot in 2010 and brought together a group
of not-for-profit organizations that helped bring it to life.

Initially it was open to new immigrant women but has since broadened to include
"individuals who wanted to start a small business as a means of which to change
their life," said Mary De Sousa, executive vice-president of member and
community engagement for FirstOntario.

"Essentially these individuals will have poor credit or no credit."

Participants receive training in sales, marketing and product development before
being assessed for up to $2,500 in funding.

Many people will go through the training without taking the funding, De Sousa
says. They might receive financial support from family or friends or have their
own means to start their business.

It's the same with the YWCA's program, where program participants - all women -
have the opportunity to tap into between $500 and $5,000.

"The purpose of our program is not just to access the loan portion, but it's
also to give them the tools to help them move forward," said Deborah Schwientek,
manager of employment and training services at YWCA Hamilton.

At the Y, program participants are given help in developing marketing and
implementation plans for their business and offered support as they carry them
out.

"Small businesses are the backbone of Hamilton's economy," Schwientek says.
"We've lost a lot of big manufacturing industries here so the small and
medium-sized entrepreneur ... needs to kind of pick up that slack."

YWCA Hamilton started offering the program in 2013 and has seen 176 women
complete it.

They've had everything from newcomers who want to start a home-based business,
to new moms who want to find a way to work and stay home with their kids, to
people on Ontario Works or the Ontario Disability Support Program who want to
generate a little extra income, Schwientek says.

Businesses launched have included jewelry vendors, African artifact importers,
dog walkers, web developers, bookkeepers and personal trainers.

"It really crosses all cultural spectrums," she adds.

npaddon@thespec.com

905-526-2420 | @NatatTheSpec

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

New Hamilton business offers range of spiritual services, products

BYLINE: Eric Schwartzberg, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 499 words


Sept. 14--A new business in downtown Hamilton is focusing on providing services
and products to guide people toward feeling more relaxed, balanced and filled
with energy to handle the challenges and opportunities of a busy life.

Creating Sacred Space, 229 Main St., Hamilton, opened Sept. 1 and exists to
bring harmony, peace, love and kindness "into the everyday realm of everyday
people," according to owner Olivia Pierce.

"We utilize techniques and natural ways to help remember the gifts and joy of
life inside even when the outside world feels as if it is not cooperating," said
Pierce, a recent graduate of the Microenterprise, Microloan Program sponsored by
the Small Business Development Center and Supports to Encourage Low-Income
Families.

Three area nonprofits -- SELF, the Butler County Small Business Development
Center and Neighborhood Housing Services of Hamilton -- collaborated to start
the microenterprise and microloan program in 2011. More than 190 people have
been served by the microloan program and 43 businesses have started or expanded
in the past four years.

The 400-square-foot Creating Sacred Space offers the services of Reiki, a
Japanese technique for stress, anxiety and discomfort reduction that also
promotes healing and involves no physical contact. There's also services in Feng
Shui, spiritual medium/angel reading, healing and other nontraditional
methodology.

The business also offers classes on a variety on those areas and sells a wide
variety of objects, including stones, crystals, gemstones, pendulums, chakras
and mandalas for meditation or for sending and receiving energy.

Pierce said her decision to open such a business followed retirement from her
career as a special education teacher, a career that allowed her to show
children how they could express themselves via artwork. As a chemical dependency
counselor in the years between, she learned how others felt "less than,"
couldn't relate or felt disconnected from themselves, signs she said people were
trying to find their spirituality and their place on Earth.

The new business, she said, allows her to do that by presenting all she has
learned about healing, sharing information that can be helpful to the public.

"My hope in my existence here is to let people know how powerful each person is
in the choices that we make and in our environment to make it as peaceful and as
loving as possible and to let everybody ask as many questions as they want," she
said. "I ask from above that I have the words to allow them to hear the
information."

IF YOU GO

WHAT: Open house for Creating Sacred Space

WHERE: 229 Main St., Hamilton

WHEN: 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 17

MORE INFO: Regular store hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Tuesdays through Saturdays.
For more information, visit www.oliviadpierce.com, call 513-709-7879 or email
1spiritfriend@gmail.com

___ (c)2016 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160914-HL-New-Hamilton-business-offers-range-of-spiritual-services-products-09
14-20160914

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2016 The Journal-News


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

New Hamilton business offers range of spiritual services, products

BYLINE: Eric Schwartzberg, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 499 words


Sept. 13--A new business in downtown Hamilton is focusing on providing services
and products to guide people toward feeling more relaxed, balanced and filled
with energy to handle the challenges and opportunities of a busy life.

Creating Sacred Space, 229 Main St., Hamilton, opened Sept. 1 and exists to
bring harmony, peace, love and kindness "into the everyday realm of everyday
people," according to owner Olivia Pierce.

"We utilize techniques and natural ways to help remember the gifts and joy of
life inside even when the outside world feels as if it is not cooperating," said
Pierce, a recent graduate of the Microenterprise, Microloan Program sponsored by
the Small Business Development Center and Supports to Encourage Low-Income
Families.

Three area nonprofits -- SELF, the Butler County Small Business Development
Center and Neighborhood Housing Services of Hamilton -- collaborated to start
the microenterprise and microloan program in 2011. More than 190 people have
been served by the microloan program and 43 businesses have started or expanded
in the past four years.

The 400-square-foot Creating Sacred Space offers the services of Reiki, a
Japanese technique for stress, anxiety and discomfort reduction that also
promotes healing and involves no physical contact. There's also services in Feng
Shui, spiritual medium/angel reading, healing and other nontraditional
methodology.

The business also offers classes on a variety on those areas and sells a wide
variety of objects, including stones, crystals, gemstones, pendulums, chakras
and mandalas for meditation or for sending and receiving energy.

Pierce said her decision to open such a business followed retirement from her
career as a special education teacher, a career that allowed her to show
children how they could express themselves via artwork. As a chemical dependency
counselor in the years between, she learned how others felt "less than,"
couldn't relate or felt disconnected from themselves, signs she said people were
trying to find their spirituality and their place on Earth.

The new business, she said, allows her to do that by presenting all she has
learned about healing, sharing information that can be helpful to the public.

"My hope in my existence here is to let people know how powerful each person is
in the choices that we make and in our environment to make it as peaceful and as
loving as possible and to let everybody ask as many questions as they want," she
said. "I ask from above that I have the words to allow them to hear the
information."

IF YOU GO

WHAT: Open house for Creating Sacred Space

WHERE: 229 Main St., Hamilton

WHEN: 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday, Sept. 17

MORE INFO: Regular store hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Tuesdays through Saturdays.
For more information, visit www.oliviadpierce.com, call 513-709-7879 or email
1spiritfriend@gmail.com

___ (c)2016 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160913-HL-New-Hamilton-business-offers-range-of-spiritual-services-products-09
13-20160913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2016 The Journal-News


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              June 15, 2009 Monday

Center helps women purchase sewing machines

BYLINE: By Matt Robinson Headlight Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 474 words


Give a person a sweater and they will be warm.

Teach a person to sew and they can clothe a community.

Our Lady of Las Palomas Hermitage and Retreat Center of Columbus, located in the
Village of Columbus, is sponsoring a unique program to help local women become
self-sustaining. The group, comprised of less than 30 people, acquires sewing
machines then gives local women a "microloan" to help pay off the sewing
machines. The cost of the sewing machines vary from $130 and up, on which the
women make monthly payments of $4 to $40.

"In the cooperative, in the artisanry group, we call it, they earn according to
what they make and sell," Janet Shepard, a member of the co-op, said. "Those
that are in the cooperative, some earn very well, some earn some, some earn
nothing."

The first microloans were given to four Palomas residents on May 15. The
microloans were for new, professional level sewing machines. Some of the
cooperative members sew for the Border Partners' "Aprons and More" project.
Border Partners is operated by Polly and Peter Edmunds, who sell aprons, bags
and other oil cloth products. Aprons sell for $15 plus tax and shipping and
floral handbags sell for $25. For more information or to order products, visit
www.borderpartners.org.

"It goes on and on and on... shawls, blouses, childrens' clothing," Shepard said
of products crafted by cooperative members, adding that hats, shoes, pony-tail
holders and beaded necklaces are also popular craft items.

Aside from providing loans for sewing equipment, members of the cooperative are
given informative lessons on a variety of topics. Sewers are taught how to clean
and maintain their machines to get the maximum longevity out of their
finely-tuned machines. Members are also instructed in various crafts to broaden
their creative and money-making horizons.

"Today (Monday), I'm going to teach coiled baskets. I'm sure we're going to have
some coiled baskets in the future," she said. "We're going to be doing weaving
and quilting. It's very broad-based."

It's not just the sewers who are getting involved, learning and making money.
Shepard told a story of recent craft fairs in which youngsters got involved.

"Three of the cooperative children, including one five-year-old, proudly and
excitedly showed the group new artisanry that they were doing, beaded bracelets
and beaded animals," she said. "In the next crafts fairs, two of the children
earned an average of $20 each for the pieces of jewelry that they had made."

Donations of materials and money are greatly needed. Shepard said the
cooperative is in need of used sewing machines that are in good condition, yarn,
scrap material, sewing notions, looms, weaving yarns and quilting tools. For
more information, or to make a donation, contact Shepard at (575) 313-9685.

Matt Robinson can be reached at mrobinson@demingheadlight.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Members of the Our Lady of Palomas Hermitage and Retreat practice
sewing for their cooperative. From left are Wendy Olivas, Marta Chavez, Janet
Shepard and Trinidad Chavez.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of the Aspire Challenge-An Agency Prize
Competition Pages 96155 - 96157 [FR DOC # 2016-31455]

LENGTH: 2661  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Announcement of the Aspire Challenge--An Agency
Prize Competition AGENCY: U.S. Small Business Administration. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Aspire Challenge is a prize competition conducted under the America Competes
Act. The objective of the prizes is to spur the development and provision of
innovative entrepreneurial development and access to capital resources for
formerly incarcerated individuals or those who are non-violent ex-offenders
DATES: The submission period for entries will begin on December 29, 2016 and
close on February 13, 2017. SBA anticipates that winners will be announced no
later than March 14, 2017. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Matthew Stevens,
Strategic Initiatives Manager, Office of Entrepreneurial Development, U.S. Small
Business Administration, 409 Third Street SW., 6th Floor, Washington, DC 20416,
(202) 205-7699, SI@sba.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Background The U.S. Small
Business Administration (SBA), officially established in 1953, maintains and
strengthens the nation's economy by aiding, counseling, assisting, and
protecting the interests of small businesses, and by helping families and
businesses to recover from national disasters.

The SBA's mission includes assisting small businesses to start, grow, and
compete in markets by providing quality training, counseling, and access to
resources. The Aspire Challenge is a prize competition designed to spur the
development and provision of innovative entrepreneurial development and access
to capital resources for formerly incarcerated individuals or those who are
non-violent ex-offenders. Of the 600,000 individuals released on average each
year from federal prisons, an estimated 60 percent remain unemployed one year
after their release, raising the risk of recidivism and resulting in lost
lifetime earnings. In fact, two-thirds of these individuals historically are
rearrested within three years of their release. This challenge competition is
separate but builds on the momentum of the Aspire Entrepreneurship Initiative, a
public-private partnership announced in August 2016 between the SBA, W.K.
Kellogg Foundation and JUSTINE Petersen. The three-year initiative is a pilot to
test entrepreneurship education programming and microloan assistance through SBA
Microloan Intermediaries to formerly incarcerated individuals in St. Louis, MO,
Chicago, IL, Louisville, KY and Detroit, MI. The goal of the Aspire Challenge is
to source additional [[Page 96156]] innovative solutions in other areas in the
United States beyond these four metropolitan areas. This challenge also aligns
with other actions identified by the Federal Interagency Reentry Council, a
cabinet-level working group to support the federal government's efforts to
promote public safety and economic opportunity through purposeful cross-agency
coordination and collaboration.\1\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- \1\
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2015/11/02/fact-sheet-president-obam
a-announces-new-actions-promote-rehabilitation.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Through the design and delivery of intensive entrepreneurial education and
increased access to micro-loans, the Aspire Challenge will serve as a catalyst
to leverage business formation as a tool for economic mobility and
self-employment for the formerly incarcerated. This competition is designed to
award prizes to entrepreneurial support organizations that propose innovative
and sustainable solutions to equipping the formerly incarcerated with the
education and technical assistance they need to start and grow a business.
Competition Details (1) Subject of Challenge Competition: The SBA is working to
create pathways towards entrepreneurship and access to capital resources to
individuals who have been formerly incarcerated. The SBA is looking for
contestants who offer solutions that are innovative and relevant based on the
needs of this target market. Solutions should incorporate the following two
components: (i) Delivery of Intensive Entrepreneurial Education to individuals
who have been formerly incarcerated, by providing innovative and comprehensive
entrepreneurial education with a focus on the following: (A) Develop and deliver
comprehensive entrepreneurship training, for which individuals who have been
incarcerated will earn a certificate upon completion; (B) Provide individualized
business mentoring to support participants' growth as prospective entrepreneurs;
(C) Build participants' ties to the larger business community; and (D) Connect
participants to opportunities for life skills development and financial
literacy. (ii) Access to Capital: When appropriate, link participants with
participating microlenders including SBA Microloan Intermediaries, to fund new
businesses and provide capital to existing ventures. (iii) Aspire Challenge
contestants shall provide a data-driven assessment of the proposed community's
entrepreneurial ecosystem as it exists today and identify training, education
and support gaps for individuals who have been formerly incarcerated.
Contestants shall propose an intensive entrepreneurship education and program
plan that provides targeted support to participating entrepreneurs in an effort
to increase their ability to start and grow businesses, while at the same time,
enhancing their personal and professional skills to improve their employment
outlook. Contestants shall demonstrate an ability and cultural competency to
reach formerly incarcerated individuals or those who are non-violent
ex-offenders. (2) Eligibility Rules for Participating in the Competition: To be
eligible to win a prize under this competition, a contestant: (i) Shall have
registered to participate in the competition under the rules promulgated by SBA;
(ii) Shall have complied with all the requirements under this Notice; (iii) In
the case of a private entity, shall be incorporated in and maintain a primary
place of business in the United States, and (iv) May not be a Federal entity or
Federal employee acting within the scope of their employment; (v) Shall not be
an SBA employee working on their applications during assigned duty hours. (3)
Registration Process for Contestants: Contestants will submit their application
through challenge.gov. Winners will be required to have an account in System for
Award Management (SAM) https://www.sam.gov to receive the award. (4) Amount of
Prize: Through the Aspire Challenge, the SBA will award up to sixteen awards of
up to $75,000 each for a total of up to $1.2 million in prizes. (5) Payment of
Prize: The cash prize portion of the award will be disbursed in a series of
three of payments. The first payment, equal to 40 percent of a winner's total
prize amount, will be disbursed upon award once all initial requirements in the
Official Rules available at https://www.challenge.gov (see Rules tab under the
Aspire Entrepreneurship Challenge subpage) have been met and the contestant has
provided documentary evidence satisfactory to SBA. The second payment, equal to
30 percent of a winner's total prize amount, will be disbursed after a winner
has delivered a kickoff event and the first 50% of the proposed training program
has been delivered to the intended audience and the contestant has provided
documentary evidence satisfactory to SBA. The kickoff and first 50% of the
program must be executed within six months of the date of the award unless
otherwise specified by the SBA. The remaining 30 percent of the total prize
amount will be disbursed after a winner submits a written assessment that
includes, but is not limited to, the outcomes and outputs of the pilot
implementation of the training program as measured by the metrics outlined in
its challenge application, a summary of any lessons learned and best practices,
and suggestions for any improvements to the design or implementation of similar
competitions in the future. The written assessment must be submitted to SBA no
later than eighteen months after a winner receives its first prize payment and
the documentation must be satisfactory to SBA. (6) Selection of Winners: (i)
Competition entries will be evaluated by a review committee that may be
comprised of SBA officials, employees of other Federal agencies, and/or private
sector experts. Winners will be selected based on the quality, clarity,
completeness, and feasibility of their proposals in addressing the issues
outlined in the criteria below. In addition, in order to achieve nationwide
distribution of prizes for the purpose of assisting business startups across the
entire United States, SBA may take into account contestants' geographic
locations and areas of service when selecting winners. For the announcement of
winners, any travel or related expenses to attend an event will be the
responsibility of the winner and may not be paid with prize funds. (ii) Each
Aspire Challenge solution plan shall include innovative solutions under the
following criteria: (A) Entrepreneurial Education (1) Recruitment: Key to
testing entrepreneurship training/access to microloans as a tool to reduce
recidivism is the outreach to and recruitment of formerly incarcerated
individuals. The applicant shall demonstrate how they intend to identify the
participants who will receive the services described in this challenge. (2)
Classroom Instruction: A proven, existing intensive entrepreneurship education
curriculum designed for starting and growing businesses. Contests shall include
how contestants will: (i) Organize participants to meet in-person for classroom
instructions that progressively develops over several weeks; (ii) Provide online
resources and other components/activities that supplement the in-person
curriculum; [[Page 96157]] (iii) Guide participants to explore their personal
entrepreneurial interests and visions; (iv) Address topics such as process,
strategy, financing, marketing, human resources, leadership, contracting and
market/product development; (v) Guide all participants, by the end of the
training, to refine and draft a complete business plan. (3) Mentoring: (i)
Provide individualized support on developing entrepreneurial skills and
strategies. (4) Community Connections: (i) Opportunities to connect with the
local business community and social service providers to increase participants'
financial literacy. (B) Access to Capital (1) Access to micro-lending and other
capital/funding opportunities: \2\ (i) Link participants with participating
microlenders, including SBA Microloan Intermediaries, when appropriate, to fund
and grow new businesses;
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- \2\
In 2015, the SBA published a final rule for its Microloan Program allowing
microloans to be made by SBA Microloan Intermediaries to small businesses owners
currently on probation or parole. 13 CFR 120.707(a). The SBA's Microloan Program
is focused on new businesses and other underserved markets and provides loans up
to $50,000.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- (ii)
Provide Assistance to prepare to meet with capital providers, preparing proper
documentation, matchmaking events with local lenders and funders, or business
pitch events to angel investors, for example. (7) Applicable Law: This
Competition is being conducted by SBA pursuant to the America Competes Act (15
U.S.C. 3719) and is subject to all applicable federal laws and regulations. By
participating in this competition, each contestant gives its full and
unconditional agreement to the Official Rules, located on www.challenge.gov and
the related administrative decisions described in this notice, which are final
and binding in all matters related to the competition. A contestant's
eligibility for a prize award is contingent upon its fulfilling all requirements
identified in this notice and in the Official Rules. Publication of this notice
is not an obligation of funds on the part of SBA. SBA reserves the right to
modify or cancel this competition, in whole or in part, at any time prior to the
award of prizes. (8) Conflicts of Interest: No individual acting as a judge at
any stage of this competition may have personal or financial interests in, or be
an employee, officer, director, or agent of any contestant or have a familial or
financial relationship with a contestant. (9) Intellectual Property Rights: (i)
All entries submitted in response to this competition will remain the sole
intellectual property of the individuals or organizations that developed them.
By registering and entering a submission, each contestant represents and
warrants that it is the sole author and copyright owner of the submission, and
that the submission is an original work of the contestant, or if the submission
is a work based on an existing application, that the contestant has acquired
sufficient rights to use and to authorize others to use the submission, and that
the submission does not infringe upon any copyright or upon any other third
party rights of which the contestant is aware. (ii) The winning contestant will,
in consideration of the prize to be awarded, grant to SBA an irrevocable,
royalty-free, exclusive worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, copy,
display, create derivative works, and publicly post, link to, and share the
solutions or parts thereof that are to be developed as a result of winning this
competition or for any official SBA purpose. (10) Publicity Rights: By
registering and entering a submission, each contestant consents to SBA's and its
agents' use, in perpetuity, of its name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions,
and/or hometown and state information for promotional or informational purposes
through any form of media, worldwide, without further payment or consideration.
(11) Liability and Insurance Requirements: By registering and entering a
submission, each contestant agrees to assume any and all risks and waive claims
against the Federal Government and its related entities, except in the case of
willful misconduct, for any injury, death, damage, or loss of property, revenue,
or profits, whether direct, indirect, or consequential, arising from their
participation in this competition, whether the injury, death, damage, or loss
arises through negligence or otherwise. By registering and entering a
submission, each contestant further represents and warrants that it possesses
sufficient liability insurance or financial resources to cover claims by a third
party for death, bodily injury, or property damage or loss resulting from any
activity it carries out in connection with its participation in this
competition, or claims by the Federal Government for damage or loss to
government property resulting from such an activity. Competition winners shall
be prepared to demonstrate proof of insurance or financial responsibility in the
event SBA deems it necessary. (12) Record Retention and Disclosure: All
submissions and related materials provided to SBA in the course of this
competition automatically become SBA records and cannot be returned. Contestants
shall identify any confidential commercial information contained in their
entries at the time of their submission. Award Approving Official: Lori Gillen,
Deputy Associate Administrator, Office of Entrepreneurial Development, U.S.
Small Business Administration, 409 Third Street SW., Washington, DC 20416.
Authority: America Competes Reauthorization Act of 2010, 15 U.S.C. 3719. Maria
Contreras-Sweet, Administrator, U.S. Small Business Administration. [FR Doc.
2016-31455 Filed 12-28-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 8025-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                       July 14, 2015 Tuesday 7:40 PM GMT

Black Paw Brewery in Bishop Auckland secures £25,000 cash injection to aid
growth plans;
The County Durham business is now considering exporting and launching its own
E-commerce website

BYLINE: By Robert Gibson

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 457 words


A County Durham micro-brewery has secured a £25,000 cash injection as it taps
into the growing market for locally-produced craft beer.

Black Paw Brewery, which manufactures and distributes its own ales, received the
investment from the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund, a regional
scheme managed by Rivers Capital Partners, which gives small companies with
solid business plans the boost they need to grow.

Established in July 2011, the company was set up by director Phil Whitfield who
had worked for the NHS for 20 years, pursuing an interest in beer during his
spare time, and brewing at home when possible.

After long aspiring to create his own brand, he got the business of the ground
after converting an empty industrial unit in Bishop Auckland, County Durham,
into a brewery.

With a capacity larger than its competitors, Black Paw can produce 1,600 litres
of beer in a single brew, meaning Mr Whitfield can produce six year-round beers
along with numerous seasonal products.

As well its selling its casks both locally and nationally, the company also
produces bottles and mini-casks to be sold directly to local businesses and at
Farmers and Christmas markets.

Mr Whitfield applied to the Microlan Fund after being encouraged to do so by his
business mentor as a method of growing working capital.

The cash investment will enable the business to grow substantially in numerous
directions and Mr Whitfield intends to set up an E-Commerce site through which
he can send his products by post.

He also has ambitions to export Black Paw's products, envisages tripling his
turnover within three years and is considering purchasing new premises.

The Microloan Fund, he said, provided a good alternative to mainstream lenders
through a "very open and honest" process, aided by River Capital's "helpful and
friendly" approach.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "It has been a
pleasure working with Phil, who shows a real passion for what he does.

"Turning a hobby into a business is something a lot of people dream of doing,
and we're happy that the Microloan Fund was there to help him take Black Paw
beer to the next step".

The North East Microloan Fund provides loans of £1,000 to £25,000 and is pitched
as being ideal for inspired individuals who recognise lack of finance to be the
missing link holding their businesses back.

The Fund is specifically aimed at those who have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance and can even provide affordable credit for those with a poor
credit history.

Since the provision of a loan is not based on the company's assets but rather
its overall quality, the application process is designed to be quick and
hassle-free, with guidance provided by professionals throughout.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 15, 2010 Friday

Carolyn Livengood: San Mateo Girl Scout strives to help less fortunate

BYLINE: By Carolyn Livengood San Mateo County Times

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 1118 words


Mariko Kuga of Girl Scout Troop 32811 in San Mateo is inviting the public to
support her Girl Scout Gold Project (which is equivalent to the Boy Scout Eagle
award) by participating Oct. 23 in a free 3K or 5K walk or run, "Run for a
Change."

A Hillsdale High School senior, Kuga wants to raise the public's awareness of
microloans that are made available to women in developing countries to help them
start their own businesses and lift their families out of poverty.

Check-in and warm-up starts at 8 a.m., and the run or walk begins at 9 a.m. at
Hillsdale High School. The first 100 registrants will receive a free T-shirt.
Water and snacks will also be provided.

"I wanted to do something with microloans because of a club I'm really involved
in at school called The Hillsdale Effect," Kuga said in an e-mail.

The club has formed relationships with nonprofit organizations that work to
provide microloans to impoverished women in Third World countries.

For more details or to register, e-mail Mariko Kuga at roadrunner45@astound.net
or call 650-341-7408.

Immigration law advice

The Millbrae Library, in partnership with the San Mateo County Bar Association,
is hosting a free "Lawyers in the Library" legal clinic on immigration law from
5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Wednesday at the library, 1 Library Ave. in Millbrae.

A new topic will be presented the third Wednesday of each month. To learn more,
call 650-697-7607.

Club seeks volunteer

Soroptimist International of Burlingame, San Mateo and the mid-Peninsula is
encouraging girls ages 14 to 17 who are active volunteers in their community, to
apply for its Violet Richardson award.

The winner will be a girl who is involved in projects that benefit women or
girls and is committed to making the world a better place. She must also have
demonstrated initiative in identifying a problem and trying to solve it, and she
needs to have noteworthy accomplishments as a volunteer.

The club's winner receives $250 plus the opportunity to compete with winners
from other Soroptimist clubs for a larger prize. Applications, which must be
postmarked by Nov. 30, are available from the Soroptimist club at
sibsmmp@gmail.com or 650-293-1147 or from high schools in Belmont, Burlingame,
Hillsborough, Millbrae and San Mateo.

Reading for charity

Family Connections in San Carlos is collaborating with The Reading Bug bookstore
to present "An Evening With Children's Authors" from 6 to 9:30 p.m. Nov. 3 at
the Hiller Aviation Museum in San Carlos.

Three distinguished authors and illustrators -- Elisa Kleven, Leuyen Pham and
Robert San Souci -- will be featured at the fundraising event.

Founded in 1993, Family Connections, a tuition-free parent-participation program
for low-income families, educates more than 400 parents and young children each
year at three locations: East Palo Alto, Menlo Park and Redwood City.

"Providing parents with the skills and confidence to support their child's
education is one of the keys to future academic success," said Executive
Director Renee Zimmerman.

To purchase tickets ($25), visit www.familyconnections.org or call 650-556-9503.

Seeking sculpture

The South San Francisco Cultural Arts Commission is inviting entries for
original or existing sculpture, which should reflect the city's heritage,
culture or progress in the future. The artwork will be placed in the city's
Centennial Way linear park.

All artistic styles, abstract or representational, will be considered. All
artists 18 years and older who reside in the U.S. are eligible to enter. Entries
must be postmarked by Nov. 1.

For the complete sculpture prospectus, visit "Cultural Arts" at www.ssf.net or
send a self-addressed and stamped envelope to SSF-CAC Public Art Program, SSF
Parks and Recreation Department, P.O. Box 711, South San Francisco, CA 94083.

The Cultural Arts Commission is also seeking entries for its photography
exhibit, which will be held from 6 to 8 p.m. Nov. 5 (a reception for exhibitors
and the public) and from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Nov. 6.

The entries must be hand-delivered to the Municipal Services Building at 33
Arroyo Drive, where the free event will be held.

Entries using traditional camera processing or digital methods, suitable for
viewing by all ages, are welcome from artists 13 years and older who reside in
San Mateo County. The entries ($5 fee per entry) must be original and created
within the last two years.

For photography entry rules, requirements, applications or other information,
call the Parks and Recreation Department at 650-829-3800, e-mail
ercie.santos@ssf.net or visit "Cultural Arts" at www.ssf.net .

Dinner honor

Ario Gregori, a member of the Italian Catholic Federation's Central Council
since 1971, would have been very proud of the outpouring of love shown for him
at a dinner held Sept. 27 at Holy Angels Hall in Colma.

The dinner was originally intended to celebrate the 82nd anniversary of Italian
Catholic Federation Branch 19 at Holy Angels and to honor Gregori, who had
become a life member emeritus of the Central Council. Sadly, Gregori died
unexpectedly Sept. 13 at age 75. More than 200 people attended the dinner in his
memory.

Born in San Francisco, he graduated from Jefferson Union High School in Daly
City and then worked at Roos Brothers Clothing and Bank of America before
retiring in 1996 as staff technician after 37 years at United Airlines.

Gregori married Rosemarie Rodondi in South San Francisco in 1959. They moved in
1963 to Burlingame, where they became parishioners of Our Lady of Angels. The
proud parents of Mark and Janet, they were later blessed with two grandchildren,
Taylor and Casey.

Joining Branch 19 in 1952, Gregori became president in 1955, 1958 and 1964-66
and was also a trustee and vice president. He also served as grand secretary for
the Central Council from 1988 to 1993 and was the first president of the San
Mateo District for five years. Gregori also chaired and served on many Italian
Catholic Federation committees.

Due to the collaboration of Gregori's longtime friend Al Teglia and the Rev.
Frank Murray, district chaplain, a papal blessing was obtained and presented to
Rosemarie in Ario's memory. She also received several gifts, presentations, and
contributions in her husband's name.

Several speakers quoted Ario as having said, "The Italian Catholic Federation is
important to me because of our worthy and apostolic programs, which allow us to
accomplish so much good for so many people. From the day I joined, I have
enjoyed this special and great organization and it has been a major part of my
life. You could say that I eat, drink and sleep ICF."

If you have any news tips about our county communities, call or fax Carolyn at
650-355-5533 or e-mail her at carolynlivengood@sanbrunocable.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 6, 1993 Sunday

LENGTH: 203 words


U.S. Sens. Kent Conrad and Byron L. Dorgan announced that the Small Business
Administration has awarded a $750,000 grant to the Lake Agassiz Regional Council
in Fargo. The grant is part of the SBA's innovative Microloan Demonstration
Project. Under the Microloan program, the SBA selects community-based nonprofit
organizations with lending experience to receive 10-year loans of up to
$750,000. The non-profit organizations use the money to create revolving loan
funds that provide access to commercial credit for budding entrepreneurs. The
program will permit the Lake Agassiz Regional Council to grant loans ranging
from a few hundred dollars to a maximum of $25,000. According to Irv Rustad,
director of the Lake Agassiz Regional Council, people can apply for microloans
through one of the state's eight regional councils in Dickinson, Bismarck,
Jamestown, Fargo, Grafton, Devils Lake, Minot and Williston. He said it will be
a few months before the program becomes operational. ""This program is designed
to help small business people obtain a small commercial loan more quickly,''
said Rustad. ""The loan will be based on the character of the individual rather
than some of the traditional bank loan requirements.''

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 19, 2012 Tuesday

Federal funding to support existing, future business owners in Aroostook,
Washington counties

BYLINE: Jen Lynds BDN Staff

LENGTH: 379 words


CARIBOU, Maine -- Current or aspiring business owners in Aroostook and
Washington counties now have access to federal funding offered through a local
economic development firm.


Officials at the Northern Maine Development Commission announced Tuesday that
they had received a $1.2 million loan from the U.S. Small Business
Administration Microloan Program.


Portions of the funding will be loaned to qualified applicants in small amounts
over a six-year period.


Duane Walton, director of business finance at NMDC, said Tuesday that people
looking to start a new business or expand an existing one could qualify for the
funding, which can't exceed $50,000. The maximum period of the loan is six
years, and the average microloan nationally is $13,000.


The loans also can be used for working capital or the purchase of inventory,
supplies, furniture, fixtures, machinery and-or equipment.


Walton said the $1.2 million loan is significant, as it is the most the SBA will
award.


He said he expects half of the loans to be in Washington County and the other
half in Aroostook.


"We asked for the extra money for Washington County and we still have money to
loan to businesses in Aroostook County like we always have," he said.


Walton said he believes there will be more economic development in the region,
which will mean an increase in need.


Over the years, NMDC has made 224 microloans totaling $4 million. That funding
has created 281 jobs and retained 639 jobs.


It is the prior success with the program, which Walton said allowed the SBA to
approve the application in just about a month, a quick turnaround period for the
federal government.


Another benefit of the program is each applicant will be eligible for and will
be contacted concerning technical assistance provided free of charge by NMDC's
Business Finance Department. Technical assistance is available concerning all
aspects of the business and business development. A representative will provide
ongoing assistance to help grow the venture and achieve the short-term and
long-term goals of the business.


"We work very closely with the applicant after the fact to make sure they are
successful," Walton said.


For information on the microloan program, contact the Business Finance Division
at NMDC at 498-8736 or visit www.nmdc.org.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            January 27, 2013 Sunday

Farm Briefs for Jan. 27

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 362 words


Contest to choose theme for county fair

GRIDLEY   The Butte County Fair is searching for a theme for the 2013 fair, and
is asking for ideas. Suggestions can be submitted by March 1 for a chance to win
a family fun pass for the summer fair. The pass would allow two adults and two
children entry for the entire fair.

Rules for participation: The theme must be agriculturally related, only one
submission per person, ideas must be submitted, emailed or postmarked by March
1.

Include your phone number with your submission and email to
info@buttecountyfair.og, bring to the fair office at 199 East Hazel St., or mail
to PO Box 308, Gridley, CA 95948.

Offer: new MicroLoans for small farms

DAVIS   As of this month the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service
Agency will offer a MicroLoan designed to help farmers and ranchers with credit
needs of $35,000 or less. The loan features a streamlined application and a
simplified qualification process.

"For those selling at farmers markets or through community-supported agriculture
operations (CSAs), a MicroLoan might serve their needs perfectly," said Val
Dolcini, FSA state executive director.

The interest rate of the new loans is 1.25 percent.

Funding for conservation initiatives

DAVIS   The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation
Service (NRCS) is accepting applications for special conservation initiatives
funded through the Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) to help
producers conserve energy, address resource concerns on certified organic
operations or those transitioning to organic production, and achieve a number of
other environmental benefits. Applications must be received by Feb. 15 for the
next round of funding.

Funding areas include energy conservation, extending the growing season and
organic certification.

NRCS staff is available to help producers create conservation plans on a
first-come, first-served basis. Applications can be submitted throughout the
year. Applications received by Feb. 15 will be evaluated for funding priority
for the pending 2013 funding. Applications received after Feb. 15 may be
considered for future funding. Online:www.ca.nrcs.usda.gov .

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                             July 7, 2011 Thursday
                                 Mersey Edition

European microloan provider opens UK operation in Speke

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 196 words


FERRATUM, one of Europe's biggest lender of microloans, has opened its first UK
office, in Speke.

The Finland-based firm provides short-term loans online and via mobile phone in
15 countries.

It can provide loans of between pounds 50 and pounds 300 repayable from seven to
45 days to meet the short-term financial needs of customers.

The company was founded in 2005 by Jorma Jokela, who said: "The continuing
uncertainty in the UK economy and across Europe means that companies such as
Ferratum can play an important role in helping people meet unexpected bills or
cope with any cash flow issues that arise.

"A microloan is often better than using your credit card because you cannot fall
into the trap of making the minimum repayment and therefore staying in debt for
longer."

Jane Shaw is UK operations manager based in Speke and she said: "There are a
number of other providers in the UK offering microloans, or payday loans as they
are more commonly known. We believe passionately in the importance of
responsible lending and, as such, we will only be providing loans during the
working day, rather than through the night, as is the case with some of our
competitors."

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2011 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            February 7, 2016 Sunday

A look at what data can do to fight the problems of poverty

LENGTH: 961 words


By ANNIE DUFLO and

DEAN KARLAN

For The New York Times

If social scientists and policymakers have learned anything about how to help
the world's poorest people, it's not to trust our intuitions or anecdotal
evidence about what kinds of antipoverty programs are effective. Rigorous
randomized evaluations of policies, however, can show us what works and what
doesn't.

Consider microloans. This celebrated and sensible-sounding strategy - advancing
small sums of money to help women in developing countries become entrepreneurs -
has been supported by inspiring tales of people pulling themselves out of
poverty by creating small businesses. But studies show that such stories are
outliers. Six randomized evaluations of microloan programs, for example,
published last year in the American Economic Journal, found that microloans,
though helpful for the poor, didn't actually increase income for the average
borrower.

Two other recent studies, conducted in sub-Saharan Africa by field researchers
working with scholars of behavioral science in the United States and England,
also tested antipoverty strategies and found in each case that conventional
instincts about what would work were wrong. (These collaborations were organized
by our nonprofit, Innovations for Poverty Action, which has overseen more than
500 such evaluations in 51 countries.)

The first study took place in Uganda. As is the case in many poor countries,
even when children in Uganda can go to school, they often lack the money for
basic school supplies, which can limit their learning. Research has shown that
"commitment devices," which keep savings out of reach until a date or savings
goal is reached, can be effective in helping people save. So one of us,
professor Dean Karlan, along with the University of Texas economist Leigh
Linden, collaborated with two education organizations in Uganda to find out if
commitment devices could help students save for school supplies - and if so, how
best to design the commitment strategy.

Public primary school students were given the chance to deposit money weekly
into a lockbox, and they were informed that their accumulated savings would be
returned to them at a school-supplies fair at the beginning of the next
trimester. Schools were randomly assigned to one of three groups. In the first
group, students were offered a "hard" commitment: Their accumulated savings
would be returned in the form of a voucher that had to be spent on school
supplies. In the second group, students got a "soft" commitment: Their savings
would be returned in cash, and could be spent as they wished. The third group of
schools continued as normal, serving as a comparison group whose savings and
spending money were also observed.

You might think that the "hard" commitment would be the best strategy, since it
forces the money to be spent on school supplies. But surprisingly, as we report
in a working paper, the soft commitment worked better. Students who got their
savings back in cash saved more, and when the program was combined with parental
involvement (which was also randomized), the students also bought more school
supplies and achieved higher test scores.

The second study took place in Zambia. One problem there, as in other low-income
countries, is how to recruit the "right" kind of workers for jobs like teachers
and health workers - where "right" refers to those who are capable and genuinely
interested in helping the community, not just looking for money and a
steppingstone to another job. There is often resistance to increasing what these
jobs pay, or otherwise improving their benefits, for fear of attracting
opportunists.

The researchers Nava Ashraf and Scott Lee from Harvard Business School and
Oriana Bandiera from the London School of Economics and Political Science tested
this conventional wisdom by varying whether one particular job benefit -
opportunities for career advancement - was advertised in a government
recruitment drive for a nationwide health-worker program. The researchers
randomly assigned some rural communities to receive advertisements for the jobs
that announced opportunities for career advancement, whereas in other areas, the
advertisements were silent on this issue.

Contrary to expectation, the researchers reported in a working paper released
last year, those recruited with "career" advertisements were more qualified and
scored higher on exams during training and also exhibited the same degree of
emphasis on community service. The "go-getters" also outperformed the
"do-gooders" on the job, seeing the same number of patients in their health
clinics while conducting 29 percent more home visits and twice as many community
health meetings. (After being recruited, everyone was told about the
opportunities for career advancement, so that no differences in performance
could be attributed to differing incentives.)

More important, updated data show that communities served by the "go-getters"
are doing better on key health benchmarks such as facility-based childbirth,
breast-feeding, vaccinations and nutrition. Based on these findings, the Zambian
government changed its recruitment advertising as it looks to expand its
health-worker program.

These two insights - committing to cash savings, recruiting "go-getters" for
community service jobs - are just the tip of the iceberg. We have found that
pairing experts in behavioral science with "on the ground" teams of researchers
and field workers has yielded many good ideas about how to address the problems
of poverty. Hope and rhetoric are great for motivation, but not for figuring out
what to do. There you need data.

Annie Duflo is the executive director of Innovations for Poverty Action, of
which Dean Karlan, a professor of economics at Yale, is the founder.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                             May 20, 2010 Thursday

In New Orleans, microloans filling gaps traditional banks can't

BYLINE: David Muller

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 758  words


Clouds of termites are beginning to swarm throughout New Orleans, the city's
annual version of a biblical plague. It's a major annoyance for anyone who
ventures near a light fixture at night.

For Ivan Varnado, owner of Inspector 12 pest control service, it means more
business.

"They're attracted to the light, so while you're pumping gasoline they'll crawl
in your ear," Varnado said, half-jokingly adding, "I'm sorry for those who are
affected. "

Varnado has been in the pest control business for 28 years, but even his
knowledge and experience couldn't prevent the economy from cutting into his
business last year. Needing to borrow $25,000 to meet his expenses and add new
products, he found Accion Texas, a subdivision of international small lender
Accion that has been in New Orleans for about a year.

"The loan came in. It was easy, simple and has helped us to get through a time
when the work just sort of dried up," Varnado said.

It was at a small business forum that Varnado learned about Accion, which he
said he chose over a traditional bank because of its simpler lending process.

Varnado's needs fall under the category of microlending, which is loosely
defined as an amount of $50,000 or less. For larger banks, such small business
loans for businesses are generally considered unprofitable or too high-risk.

Accion Texas founder and CEO Janie Barrera said her borrowers have a 96 percent
repayment rate on microloans, but credit scores are a regular issue for her
customers. The typical credit score cutoff for banks is 680, while the average
credit score for Accion Texas' clients is 575.

"That's part of the problem," Barrera said.

To help solve it, Accion reports its customers to the credit bureaus every 30
days, she said, "when they're good-paying customers and when they're not good
customers. "

Another barrier exists when loan seekers are new to their business or involved
in an industry in which credit is not easily accessible, such as small
restaurants.

"Customers will go in and talk to a banker, and the banker just can't help
them," Barrera said, adding that many of her clients are referred to her by
larger or regional banks and small business development centers.

On the community bank level, commercial lending activity at Gulf Coast Bank and
Trust is "extremely slow" right now, said lending agent Herman Boudreaux. And
with so few loans on the books, it's difficult for the bank to take on the risk
of a microloan customer with bad credit.

"We just tell them we can't do anything for them," Boudreaux said.

That void is where the Good Work Network sees itself fitting in. The Central
City-based nonprofit helps connect smalltime start-ups with capital. Chase Bank,
which spokesman Greg Hassel said does not offer microloans, helped get the
network off the ground with a $200,000 grant.

"Very few of our clients want to be multimillion-dollar firms any time soon,"
said Phyllis Cassidy, who founded GWN in 2001. "They just want stable income and
something they can pass on to their kids. "

Most businesses she works with are pursuing loans of less than $25,000, Cassidy
said, an amount generally unprofitable for banks.

"The underwriting for $10,000 loans is the same as $200,000 ones, and you don't
make any money off it," she said.

Construction is now a major area of focus for microlenders in New Orleans, said
Robin Barnes, senior vice president of Seedco Financial Services in Louisiana.

"If you drive around New Orleans, you see a lot of work being done," Barnes
said, which means there are small contractors who have ample opportunity but
need capitalization.

Seedco Financial built its presence in Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina and now
seeks to fill a gap in lending that begins where microloans end and larger ones
begin. The agency's most common loans are in the $35,000 to $200,000 range,
Barnes said.

One place Seedco directs those gap borrowers is ASI Federal Credit Union, which
has an 18 percent interest ceiling on its loans but rarely reaches that level,
president and CEO Mignhon Tourne said.

There is also New Corp Business Assistance Center, which provides loans of up to
$50,000 for startups and existing businesses in New Orleans. At least one loan
is awarded every two weeks, and typically 40 percent of loan applications are
approved, said program coordinator Roseangel Taylor.

Cassidy said she sees all agencies working together to help the city's unbanked
businesses and startups.

"We need a pipeline so we can all work together and create a really strong
middle class in this city, which is lacking," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bangkok Post

                            February 5, 2013 Tuesday

Microloan recipients decline for first time: study

LENGTH: 584  words


The number of the world's poor people who benefited from small loans has
declined for the first time as purported abuses in India cast a shadow over the
"microfinance" industry, a study said Tuesday. Officials from an Indian
microfinance organisation meet potential borrowers in Gujarat state, January 6,
2011. The number of the world's poor people who benefited from small loans has
declined for the first time as purported abuses in India cast a shadow over the
"microfinance" industry, a study said Tuesday.

The report called for microlenders to find ways to be more effective, including
by tightening rules on accountability and by embracing mobile technology to
better reach the world's desperately poor. Microfinance -- pioneered by Nobel
Peace Prize winner Muhammad Yunus of Bangladesh -- seeks to reduce poverty by
offering small loans to low-income but entrepreneurial people, especially women,
usually shunned by traditional banks.

The Microcredit Summit Campaign, which promotes microfinance, said in its report
that after more than a decade of sharp growth, the number of microloan
recipients slipped to 195 million in 2011 from 205 million a year earlier. The
drop, the first since statistics began in 1997, were led by falls in India --
which had 14.2 million fewer microfinance clients in 2011 than in 2010 -- and to
a lesser extent in Bangladesh.

"I think it could be a very good warning sign, a time for us to pause and take a
look at what's happening and to reassess how we are operating," said Larry Reed,
director of the Microcredit Summit Campaign, which is based in Washington.

"It gives us a chance to really look more closely at what's happening in
clients' lives and make sure we have products that are appropriate for them," he
said. The southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh launched a crackdown in 2010
after reports of suicides by microloan recipients. Authorities accused
microlenders of exploiting vulnerable people through exorbitant lending rates
and abusive debt collection practices.

The report said the crisis triggered a chain reaction of funding drying up for
Indian microlenders. India's parliament is drafting a law to provide clearer
oversight on microlenders and strengthen protections for clients. The study
called for microlenders to look more at clients' needs instead of their numbers,
saying that Andhra Pradesh's woes showed that poor people with a "psychology of
scarcity" are willing to pay dearly to borrow.

"If a lending institution focuses on its own growth and not the well-being of
its clients, it can make loans that may make their clients worse off financially
in the long term," it said.

In Bangladesh, Reed said microfinance has seen uncertainty in part because of
Yunus' troubles. The Dhaka government has tightened control over Grameen Bank in
what Yunus' backers see as a move to sideline the well-known figure.

While nearly 89 percent of the world's poorest microloan clients live in Asia,
the industry made strides in other regions including sub-Saharan Africa. The
report pointed to Kenya's embrace of digital technology, saying that a system
for mobile payments now covers more than 70 percent of households in the eastern
African nation.

The study said that mobile technology  with its relatively low cost to expand a
client base after an initial investment -- could be used to offer more products
to microloan customers such as insurance and savings accounts. "There are huge
possibilities there because it drastically reduces the cost," Reed said.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             April 23, 2012 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

On the money. Nzimande's irresponsible banking claims affirm Khoza's concerns

BYLINE: Stuart Theobald

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 728  words


Nzimande's irresponsible banking claims affirm Khoza's concerns

I ARGUED last week that there is no reason to panic over the growth of unsecured
lending. Yet a few days later came the unfathomably irresponsible claims of
Higher Education Minister Blade Nzimande to the contrary.

Last week, as part of a general diatribe about Nedbank chairman Reuel Khoza's
disparaging comments on the leadership of the country in the Nedbank annual
report, Mr Nzimande declared that SA's banks were sitting on a time bomb
comparable to the subprime crisis. He seems to have no grasp of the
responsibility that politicians carry to protect confidence in the banking
system, and through his own example affirms Mr Khoza's concerns. There are few
countries where a politician would not be fired for brazenly and ignorantly
threatening confidence in the financial system.

The fears over unsecured lending began after figures from the National Credit
Regulator (NCR) last month showed that unsecured lending grew by 25% in the
fourth quarter of last year. That has been complemented by Reserve Bank data
showing one category of lending - that includes unsecured lending - grew 17%
from January to February. These two sets of data are apples and pears. The NCR's
include all registered lenders, while the Reserve Bank's include only banks. The
NCR's are specific to unsecured loans, commonly known as microloans, while the
Reserve Bank's include overdrafts and other forms of commercial lending.

The regulatory environment in which this growth has occurred is a different
world to what it was a decade ago, when a tsunami of microloans washed away
Saambou and Unifer, and sparked a full-on banking crisis. There are however
several reasons to want to know more about the growth.

The NCR's figures show that most of the lending is of three-to five-year
duration loans, much longer than traditional microloans. That is perhaps because
the consolidated national loans register, which all lenders are now required to
check when extending credit, incentivises lenders to extend long-term credit so
as to block competitors from the same clients. There is also, in the Bank's
data, a blunt measure of total loans which does not break down to a granular
level to see how much of it is microloans. That is why the Bank is improving its
data collection.

Once again this is no reason to panic. The growth in loans is a result of
improved technology and consumer confidence, and a widening of banking services.

Even if you think such lending is reckless, it accounts for such a small portion
of total lending that it could never spark a crisis.

I IMAGINE few Business Day readers have ever stood in a social grants queue. So
few would know of the undertaking that is the monthly payment of 14-million
social grants to 12-million recipients. Imagine the masses of cash moved about
and the logistics at payout points with little other infrastructure - and the
money to be made by the service provider who does it.

Whoever manages the payout process gets about R17,50 a grant. That comes to
R245m in revenue a month, although it used to be much more when the fees were
higher. So it is no surprise just how much some firms want to have that job.

According to the Sunday Independent of two weeks ago, a firm paid three bribes
to key decision makers in the South African Social Security Agency (Sassa) which
has the job of deciding on the tender to pay grants. The bribes had the effect,
according to the newspaper, of changing the technical specs of the tender so
that in effect only one company was eligible.

The winning company is Cash Paymaster Services (CPS), which is owned by Net1
UEPS, listed on the Nasdaq exchange in the US. CPS had previously distributed
grants in five provinces. Sassa has now been taken to court over the tender
award by Absa subsidiary All Pay, which was responsible for three provinces
before the latest tender award. The problem for the court is going to be what to
do about the mess. It cannot suspend social grants and Net1 has moved quickly to
get up and running in the provinces in which it was not already handling
payouts, though I hear there have been teething problems.

The best the court can do is order the tender process to be conducted again. The
last one was five years in the making.

A tragic mess has been made of one of the most sensitive areas of financial
services in SA.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             April 23, 2012 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

Nzimande's irresponsible banking claims affirm Khoza's concerns

BYLINE: Stuart Theobald

SECTION: PROD:PAGE

LENGTH: 728  words


Nzimande's irresponsible banking claims affirm Khoza's concerns

I ARGUED last week that there is no reason to panic over the growth of unsecured
lending. Yet a few days later came the unfathomably irresponsible claims of
Higher Education Minister Blade Nzimande to the contrary.

Last week, as part of a general diatribe about Nedbank chairman Reuel Khoza's
disparaging comments on the leadership of the country in the Nedbank annual
report, Mr Nzimande declared that SA's banks were sitting on a time bomb
comparable to the subprime crisis. He seems to have no grasp of the
responsibility that politicians carry to protect confidence in the banking
system, and through his own example affirms Mr Khoza's concerns. There are few
countries where a politician would not be fired for brazenly and ignorantly
threatening confidence in the financial system.

The fears over unsecured lending began after figures from the National Credit
Regulator (NCR) last month showed that unsecured lending grew by 25% in the
fourth quarter of last year. That has been complemented by Reserve Bank data
showing one category of lending - that includes unsecured lending - grew 17%
from January to February. These two sets of data are apples and pears. The NCR's
include all registered lenders, while the Reserve Bank's include only banks. The
NCR's are specific to unsecured loans, commonly known as microloans, while the
Reserve Bank's include overdrafts and other forms of commercial lending.

The regulatory environment in which this growth has occurred is a different
world to what it was a decade ago, when a tsunami of microloans washed away
Saambou and Unifer, and sparked a full-on banking crisis. There are however
several reasons to want to know more about the growth.

The NCR's figures show that most of the lending is of three-to five-year
duration loans, much longer than traditional microloans. That is perhaps because
the consolidated national loans register, which all lenders are now required to
check when extending credit, incentivises lenders to extend long-term credit so
as to block competitors from the same clients. There is also, in the Bank's
data, a blunt measure of total loans which does not break down to a granular
level to see how much of it is microloans. That is why the Bank is improving its
data collection.

Once again this is no reason to panic. The growth in loans is a result of
improved technology and consumer confidence, and a widening of banking services.

Even if you think such lending is reckless, it accounts for such a small portion
of total lending that it could never spark a crisis.

I IMAGINE few Business Day readers have ever stood in a social grants queue. So
few would know of the undertaking that is the monthly payment of 14-million
social grants to 12-million recipients. Imagine the masses of cash moved about
and the logistics at payout points with little other infrastructure - and the
money to be made by the service provider who does it.

Whoever manages the payout process gets about R17,50 a grant. That comes to
R245m in revenue a month, although it used to be much more when the fees were
higher. So it is no surprise just how much some firms want to have that job.

According to the Sunday Independent of two weeks ago, a firm paid three bribes
to key decision makers in the South African Social Security Agency (Sassa) which
has the job of deciding on the tender to pay grants. The bribes had the effect,
according to the newspaper, of changing the technical specs of the tender so
that in effect only one company was eligible.

The winning company is Cash Paymaster Services (CPS), which is owned by Net1
UEPS, listed on the Nasdaq exchange in the US. CPS had previously distributed
grants in five provinces. Sassa has now been taken to court over the tender
award by Absa subsidiary All Pay, which was responsible for three provinces
before the latest tender award. The problem for the court is going to be what to
do about the mess. It cannot suspend social grants and Net1 has moved quickly to
get up and running in the provinces in which it was not already handling
payouts, though I hear there have been teething problems.

The best the court can do is order the tender process to be conducted again. The
last one was five years in the making.

A tragic mess has been made of one of the most sensitive areas of financial
services in SA.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             April 23, 2012 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

On the money. Nzimande's irresponsible banking claims affirm Khoza's concerns

BYLINE: Stuart Theobald

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 728  words


Nzimande's irresponsible banking claims affirm Khoza's concerns

I ARGUED last week that there is no reason to panic over the growth of unsecured
lending. Yet a few days later came the unfathomably irresponsible claims of
Higher Education Minister Blade Nzimande to the contrary.

Last week, as part of a general diatribe about Nedbank chairman Reuel Khoza's
disparaging comments on the leadership of the country in the Nedbank annual
report, Mr Nzimande declared that SA's banks were sitting on a time bomb
comparable to the subprime crisis. He seems to have no grasp of the
responsibility that politicians carry to protect confidence in the banking
system, and through his own example affirms Mr Khoza's concerns. There are few
countries where a politician would not be fired for brazenly and ignorantly
threatening confidence in the financial system.

The fears over unsecured lending began after figures from the National Credit
Regulator (NCR) last month showed that unsecured lending grew by 25% in the
fourth quarter of last year. That has been complemented by Reserve Bank data
showing one category of lending - that includes unsecured lending - grew 17%
from January to February. These two sets of data are apples and pears. The NCR's
include all registered lenders, while the Reserve Bank's include only banks. The
NCR's are specific to unsecured loans, commonly known as microloans, while the
Reserve Bank's include overdrafts and other forms of commercial lending.

The regulatory environment in which this growth has occurred is a different
world to what it was a decade ago, when a tsunami of microloans washed away
Saambou and Unifer, and sparked a full-on banking crisis. There are however
several reasons to want to know more about the growth.

The NCR's figures show that most of the lending is of three-to five-year
duration loans, much longer than traditional microloans. That is perhaps because
the consolidated national loans register, which all lenders are now required to
check when extending credit, incentivises lenders to extend long-term credit so
as to block competitors from the same clients. There is also, in the Bank's
data, a blunt measure of total loans which does not break down to a granular
level to see how much of it is microloans. That is why the Bank is improving its
data collection.

Once again this is no reason to panic. The growth in loans is a result of
improved technology and consumer confidence, and a widening of banking services.

Even if you think such lending is reckless, it accounts for such a small portion
of total lending that it could never spark a crisis.

I IMAGINE few Business Day readers have ever stood in a social grants queue. So
few would know of the undertaking that is the monthly payment of 14-million
social grants to 12-million recipients. Imagine the masses of cash moved about
and the logistics at payout points with little other infrastructure - and the
money to be made by the service provider who does it.

Whoever manages the payout process gets about R17,50 a grant. That comes to
R245m in revenue a month, although it used to be much more when the fees were
higher. So it is no surprise just how much some firms want to have that job.

According to the Sunday Independent of two weeks ago, a firm paid three bribes
to key decision makers in the South African Social Security Agency (Sassa) which
has the job of deciding on the tender to pay grants. The bribes had the effect,
according to the newspaper, of changing the technical specs of the tender so
that in effect only one company was eligible.

The winning company is Cash Paymaster Services (CPS), which is owned by Net1
UEPS, listed on the Nasdaq exchange in the US. CPS had previously distributed
grants in five provinces. Sassa has now been taken to court over the tender
award by Absa subsidiary All Pay, which was responsible for three provinces
before the latest tender award. The problem for the court is going to be what to
do about the mess. It cannot suspend social grants and Net1 has moved quickly to
get up and running in the provinces in which it was not already handling
payouts, though I hear there have been teething problems.

The best the court can do is order the tender process to be conducted again. The
last one was five years in the making.

A tragic mess has been made of one of the most sensitive areas of financial
services in SA.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             April 23, 2012 Monday
                              Business Day Edition

On the money. Nzimande's irresponsible banking claims affirm Khoza's concerns

BYLINE: Stuart Theobald

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 728  words


Nzimande's irresponsible banking claims affirm Khoza's concerns

I ARGUED last week that there is no reason to panic over the growth of unsecured
lending. Yet a few days later came the unfathomably irresponsible claims of
Higher Education Minister Blade Nzimande to the contrary.

Last week, as part of a general diatribe about Nedbank chairman Reuel Khoza's
disparaging comments on the leadership of the country in the Nedbank annual
report, Mr Nzimande declared that SA's banks were sitting on a time bomb
comparable to the subprime crisis. He seems to have no grasp of the
responsibility that politicians carry to protect confidence in the banking
system, and through his own example affirms Mr Khoza's concerns. There are few
countries where a politician would not be fired for brazenly and ignorantly
threatening confidence in the financial system.

The fears over unsecured lending began after figures from the National Credit
Regulator (NCR) last month showed that unsecured lending grew by 25% in the
fourth quarter of last year. That has been complemented by Reserve Bank data
showing one category of lending - that includes unsecured lending - grew 17%
from January to February. These two sets of data are apples and pears. The NCR's
include all registered lenders, while the Reserve Bank's include only banks. The
NCR's are specific to unsecured loans, commonly known as microloans, while the
Reserve Bank's include overdrafts and other forms of commercial lending.

The regulatory environment in which this growth has occurred is a different
world to what it was a decade ago, when a tsunami of microloans washed away
Saambou and Unifer, and sparked a full-on banking crisis. There are however
several reasons to want to know more about the growth.

The NCR's figures show that most of the lending is of three-to five-year
duration loans, much longer than traditional microloans. That is perhaps because
the consolidated national loans register, which all lenders are now required to
check when extending credit, incentivises lenders to extend long-term credit so
as to block competitors from the same clients. There is also, in the Bank's
data, a blunt measure of total loans which does not break down to a granular
level to see how much of it is microloans. That is why the Bank is improving its
data collection.

Once again this is no reason to panic. The growth in loans is a result of
improved technology and consumer confidence, and a widening of banking services.

Even if you think such lending is reckless, it accounts for such a small portion
of total lending that it could never spark a crisis.

I IMAGINE few Business Day readers have ever stood in a social grants queue. So
few would know of the undertaking that is the monthly payment of 14-million
social grants to 12-million recipients. Imagine the masses of cash moved about
and the logistics at payout points with little other infrastructure - and the
money to be made by the service provider who does it.

Whoever manages the payout process gets about R17,50 a grant. That comes to
R245m in revenue a month, although it used to be much more when the fees were
higher. So it is no surprise just how much some firms want to have that job.

According to the Sunday Independent of two weeks ago, a firm paid three bribes
to key decision makers in the South African Social Security Agency (Sassa) which
has the job of deciding on the tender to pay grants. The bribes had the effect,
according to the newspaper, of changing the technical specs of the tender so
that in effect only one company was eligible.

The winning company is Cash Paymaster Services (CPS), which is owned by Net1
UEPS, listed on the Nasdaq exchange in the US. CPS had previously distributed
grants in five provinces. Sassa has now been taken to court over the tender
award by Absa subsidiary All Pay, which was responsible for three provinces
before the latest tender award. The problem for the court is going to be what to
do about the mess. It cannot suspend social grants and Net1 has moved quickly to
get up and running in the provinces in which it was not already handling
payouts, though I hear there have been teething problems.

The best the court can do is order the tender process to be conducted again. The
last one was five years in the making.

A tragic mess has been made of one of the most sensitive areas of financial
services in SA.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Western Leader (New Zealand)

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

Sir Bob Harvey pays it forward on Father's Day

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 216 words


Sir Bob Harvey's first memory of money was his adoptive father placing two
pennies in his hand to buy an ice cream.

The West Aucklander was just 3 and it was 1943.

He remembers handing the copper coins over at a shop in Mission Bay and in
return being given his first ice cream.

"As we walk back it falls from the cone on to the hot road," he says.

Harvey is one of several well- known Kiwis to share their memories about their
father's generosity in a bid to encourage others to pay it forward this Father's
Day.

ChildFund is encouraging people to finance a microloan for someone living in
poverty in honour of their father's financial support.

Chief executive Paul Brown says the microloans will be given to young people in
Sri Lanka to start a business in order to help them build a sustainable future.

More than 1500 women and men have received microloans to start small businesses
through ChildFund.

The loans are paid back into the community to help others, with the small
interest payment going towards supporting feeding in preschools.

Go to childfund.org.nz or call 0800 223 111 for more information.

Purchases will receive a gift card explaining how the present will benefit the
recipient, and a full tax credit.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Sir Bob Harvey, 3, with his adoptive father back in 1943.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Union-Recorder (Milledgeville, Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 27, 2008 Friday

Benefit to businesses: Microloan program available within downtown district

BYLINE: Alexander Cain, The Union-Recorder, Milledgeville, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 891 words


Jun. 27--Kenneth Washington is owner of The Art Cellar, 108 W. Hancock St., a
business that sells art supplies and frames for photographs and pieces of art.

Across the street, Villane Waldhauer is owner of Villane's Jewelry & Unique
Accessories, 105 W. Hancock St., which sells jewelry, clothing and women's'
accessories.

The two long-time business owners in the downtown Milledgeville community seem
to have little in common when it comes to the wares they offer to the public --
except for the fact that both have benefited from a microloan program available
from the organization tasked with overseeing the economic development and
stability of the downtown Milledgeville area.

Milledgeville Main Street has been in existence for more than a decade, and in
that period of time the nonprofit organization has assisted downtown merchants
in the creation, expansion and even closure of their businesses.

The microloan program is no different -- in this case, Main Street provides as
much as $2,000 to a business owner that has established his or her business
within the downtown district who is seeking financial assistance to improve his
or her location.

"In my case, I applied for it to increase the inventory I had for art supplies.
It was definitely a help to my business," Washington said.

For Heather Holder, Milledgeville Main Street's executive director, dealing with
microloan applications is just another part of the job -- and one she's always
eager to work with, since it means a business is not only interested in staying
in the downtown area, but also increasing its presence there as well.

"Essentially, a business owner sends us [Main Street] an application, and the
Main Street Board of Directors discuss and vote on it," Holder said. "The
business owner does pay us back, and will eventually have to recoup the loan,
but it can be as much as $1,000 or as high as $2,000, depending on the
particular request."

On Tuesday the board agreed to provide $2,000 to Old Capital Treasures, one of
the newer businesses in the downtown area, to restore the exterior of its Wayne
Street location.

Old Capital Treasures was born out of the former Grapevine Antiques, which was
dissolved last month after Grapevine owners agreed to part ways after severe
storms damaged the building.

In the case of Old Capital, owner Molly Vandiver requested Main Street also
assist with the selection of a contractor, painter and other parties involved
with the process of fixing up the outside of the building.

"Normally it's only a reimbursement. We've never done a loan where we'll handle
the contracts. That's something that I think that we can do, but it's unusual,"
Holder said.

Generally a business like Old Capital Treasures will repay the loan over a
period of months and pay based on the amount available from the business or a
pre-arranged amount with Main Street.

In the past that's meant a payment of as low as $75 a month to as much as $300 a
month.

"It absolutely helps. Anywhere you get a loan now the interest can be high. When
I had my loan a few years ago, I used it for some shelving and fixtures. I think
it's a big asset for small business owners," Waldhauer said.

It's also a fairly extensive process as far as paperwork is concerned.

To ensure a business is serious and the business owner is aware of the request,
each microloan application requires a large amount of information.

In a typical application, for instance, a person must list their length of
residency in Milledgeville, the date their business was established, the current
number of employees, purpose of the request ("Help in purchasing equipment,
stocking and start up fees," one owner wrote), total amount of the request,
length of time requested to pay off the loan and the amount that he or she plans
to invest in the business or project.

An applicant must also fill out questions regarding how the loan will help the
business, supplies or merchandise planned to purchase, tools and equipment
planned to purchase, improvements that will be made and how much will be spent
on marketing or advertising.

It's a fairly personal process -- but one that pays off in the long run,
according to Waldhauer.

"It had the desired effect. It allowed me to get everything I needed all at once
rather than piece by piece. The overall effect was incredible," Waldhauer said.

For Washington, who spends his days working at Central State Hospital and part
of his evenings making sure The Art Cellar is going well, there was a similar
reaction.

"Anytime you can get those type of funds it's always helpful. It would be
especially beneficial to someone like me at this point because business is slow
these days," Washington said.

Milledgeville Main Street is located in the lower level of the Campus Theatre
building below the building's marquee.

Interested business owners seeking more information on the microloan program
through Main Street may call the Main Street offices at (478) 414-4014.

To see more of The Union-Recorder or to subscribe, go to
http://www.unionrecorder.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Union-Recorder,
Milledgeville, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080627-UG-Benefit-to-businesses-0627

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UG


                                 Copyright 2008


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 16, 2012 Friday

IMAX Industries, Core Systems, Seven Brothers Distilling awarded loans to expand

BYLINE: John Arthur Hutchison, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words


March 16--Lake County commissioners have approved three loans totalling $280,000
to help three small companies expand and create jobs.

The funds came from the county's Revolving Loan Fund and a third loan utilizing
the county's Microloan fund.

The two loans from the Revolving Loan Fund involved a $125,000 loan to IMAX
Industries of Painesville and $150,000 to Core Systems of Painesville.

IMAX plans to create five new jobs and Core System plans to create 25 jobs.

A $5,000 Microloan was awarded to Seven Brothers Distilling in Leroy Township.

The Lake County Port Authority assisted the businesses to obtain the financing
from the county.

"This is exactly what was envisioned when (commissioners) created the Lake
County Port Authority and provided us with the additional support of the
Microloan and Revolving Loan Funds," said Cathy Walsh, the Port Authority's
chief financial offer.

The county's revolving loan fund, created last year with federal Community
Development Block Grant Funds as seed money, is aimed at spurring economic
development and assist businesses that might have trouble gaining access to
capital dollars.

"I don't think there is anything that does more for community development than
creating additional jobs for our residents," Commissioner Daniel P. Troy said.

Howard Siegel of Core Systems said the agreement is a perfect example of a
public/private partnership.

"General Electric has made a commitment to bring back manufacturing to the U.S.
and has selected Core Systems as one of their major injection molders primarily
in the refrigeration industry," Miller said. "We need these additional funds to
do this."

Mike Miller of IMAX Industries said his company already has hired an additional
four people and plans to hire another four or five during the next few months.

"For a company our size this is a huge expansion for us," Miller said. "This has
really worked well."

Kevin Suttman of Seven Brother Distilling said his flagship product is vodka
that is sold in many state liquor stores and restaurants.

"The reason I'm here today is to expand my capacity and to add additional
products," Suttman said.

He hopes down the road to move into a larger facility and to rapidly expand at
that point.

"Five thousand dollars might not seem like much, but for some small companies
that's the difference between growing or continuing in business or starting a
new business," Commissioner Raymond E. Sines said. "Most banks won't loan this
kind of loan."

___ (c)2012 The News-Herald (Willoughby, Ohio) Visit The News-Herald
(Willoughby, Ohio) at www.news-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120316-WL-IMAX-Industries-Core-Systems-Seven-Brothers-Distilling-awarded-loans
-20120316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2012 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                August 29, 2011

CAREER CALENDAR

SECTION: Pg. 15 Vol. 27

LENGTH: 247  words


Attention, entrepreneurs

The Service Corps of Retired Executives Detroit hosts "Should I Start My Own
Business?" from 8:45 a.m.-noon Sept. 7. Cost is $10. SCORE Detroit also hosts
"Planning Your Own Business" from 8:45 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Sept. 14. Cost is $45.
Participants can learn to do the research and planning required to start a
successful business. Both programs are at the Dearborn Chamber of Commerce,
22100 Michigan Ave. Call (313) 226-7947, email detscore@sbcglobal.net or go to
www.scoredetroit.org.

Coffee and connections

Ann Arbor Spark hosts Ann Arbor Open Coffee from 8-9:30 a.m. Sept. 13 at Spark
Central, 330 E. Liberty, Ann Arbor. The free networking event is for
entrepreneurs, investors and those who work with innovation businesses,
particularly in information technology, clean tech and life sciences. Call (734)
761-9317 or go to www.annarborusa.org.

Biz research, microloans

The Oakland County Executive Office Building is the site of two upcoming
business education sessions. From 9 a.m.-12:30 p.m Sept. 8, the Oakland County
Business Center and others present "Pre-Business Research." From 9-11 a.m. Sept.
21, the Center for Empowerment and Economic Development presents "CEED Microloan
Orientation," which teaches the requirements and process necessary to apply and
obtain a microloan. Both programs are free, but pre-registration is required.
Call (248) 858-0783 or go to www.oakgov.com. The address is 2100 Pontiac Lake
Road, Building 41 West, Waterford Township.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2011 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 17, 2016 Sunday

BRIEF: How it works

BYLINE: Mark Bennett, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 203 words


April 17--The microloan fund, created by Terre Haute men Prodip Dutta and Dr.
Sisir Dhar, helps poor women in India start small businesses. Here's how it
works:

n As donor Prodip Dutta explained, "Our [non-governmental organizations]
organize/encourage the women to form a self-help group (SHG), and in the process
the women learn how to save (very little money) and open a bank account. (In
India, poor villagers usually have no bank account.) Individual members apply
for loans and submit their applications through the group. Once the loan is
granted, each individual receives their loan. There is no collateral here. Each
SHG is headed by a leader, who also is a microloan recipient.

"The purpose of group is to form peer pressure," Dutta added. "If one member
falters, the group brings pressure on the individual to repay."

n People wishing to donate to the fund can do so with a check, written out to:
Ramakrishna Foundation. Write "For Microloan Project" on the memo line. The
checks can be mailed to: Prodip Dutta, 5151 Knightsbridge Court, Terre Haute,
IN, 47803.

___ (c)2016 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160417-TX-BRF-How-it-works-0417-20160417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2016 The Tribune-Star


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

McGovern, Tsongas to Join Business and Community Leaders to Announce North
Central Mass. Chamber of Commerce as Microlender for Local Small Businesses

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Jim MC Govern, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Congressman Jim McGovern (MA-02) and Congresswoman Niki Tsongas (MA-03) will
join business and community leaders at the North Central Massachusetts Chamber
of Commerce (NCM) in Fitchburg to announce that NCM has been designated by the
U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) as a Microlender for local small
businesses.

The North Central Massachusetts Chamber of Commerce will now be able to loan
funds up to $50,000 (microloans) to small businesses that were denied by banks
or only issued a partial amount of needed funds. The microloans come with
technical assistance to help ensure more small businesses succeed and help
reduce the risk of default. SBA will be presenting a $500,000 check to NCM.

The SBA Microloan program provides direct loans or grants to eligible non-profit
microlenders so that they may provide micro-level loans, business training and
technical assistance to start-up, newly established and growing small
businesses.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 11, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

New Line on Credit;
Popularized in the Developing World, Microloans Help Finance Budding Businesses

BYLINE: Krissah Williams, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Financial; D01

LENGTH: 1200 words


Awoman in a rural South Asian village receives a loan of about $250 to buy a
dairy cow. She milks the cow, sells the milk and improves her standard of living
while repaying the loan. In much of the world, this is microfinance.

In the United States, microfinance is an entirely different animal. An aspiring
entrepreneur typically needs thousands, not hundreds, of dollars to build a
business that has a chance of turning a profit.

That's the kind of person Tsehaye Teferra is trying to help.

Teferra is the founder of Arlington-based ECDC Enterprise Development Group, an
affiliate of the Ethiopian Community Development Council specializing in small
loans to refugees, immigrants and others with business ambitions but little
access to traditional sources of capital.

Microfinance became a hot topic this fall with the announcement that the Nobel
Peace Prize would go to Bangladeshi economist Muhammad Yunus, whose Grameen Bank
and its small, collateral-free loans are credited with lifting millions around
the world out of poverty. The award was given in Oslo yesterday.

The Enterprise Development Group, Teferra said, seeks to implement the bank's
global principles on a local scale. "People are frustrated going through this
cycle of employment that is not really moving them up," said Teferra, who came
here from Ethiopia in 1972 to attend Georgetown University. "This serves as a
tool to help people build self-sufficiency."

In the 14 years of its existence, he said, the group has made about 500
microloans, totaling $7.8 million. The average microloan is less than $16,000,
an amount so small that most banks don't think it is worth the paperwork and the
risk.

EDG is a nonprofit organization and its staff members say expanding economic
opportunity is its mission, but it's not a charity. Like other U.S.
microlenders, its interest rates usually range from 11 to 14 percent, depending
on a client's credit history, business plan, interview and sometimes a visit to
the client's start-up. That interest rate seems high, but it is lower than rates
in the developing world, where they are routinely 20 percent or higher. And
compared with rates as high as 400 percent charged by so-called payday lenders
in poor U.S. neighborhoods, microfinance is a bargain.

"What often happens in the U.S. is people go to predatory lending," said Amy
McKenna Luz, chief executive of the 700-member Association for Enterprise
Opportunity, a District-based national organization of U.S. microlenders. When
the borrowers have trouble making payments, they borrow more, she said, and
"it's a cycle they never break free of."

Microfinance is an attempt to halt that cycle. The U.S. movement "is in its
infancy in many ways  --  in terms of the number of people reached, in terms of
awareness by corporate leaders and legislators," Luz said.

While some of the lenders in her association have offered microloans since the
1980s, it wasn't until 1991 that the Small Business Administration launched a
program providing a pool of money for nonprofit groups to lend to small
start-ups. The SBA loans cannot be more than $35,000 and must have terms of six
years or less.

EDG offers loans up to $50,000, using money it gets from the SBA, the federal
Office of Refugee Resettlement, the Calvert Foundation and some banks. Under
federal regulations, EDG cannot lend money to illegal immigrants.

Many of its clients are refugees who left behind successful careers  --  a
former Burundi congressman, a Sudanese accountant  --  but found that their
skills don't translate into well-paying jobs in the United States. And without
credit histories, starting a business is nearly out of reach.

A number of clients have used EDG's small loans to buy taxis. One started a
moving company. In some cases, the loan recipients have already launched
businesses and need loans to expand. Most of the loans help people who may need
a leg up but bring talent, ambition and energy to the table.

"Microfinance is not a proven tool for poverty alleviation in the U.S., but it
can help the people it serves," said Jonathan Morduch, a professor of public
policy and economics at New York University. "Ultimately, a lot of people want
jobs. They don't necessarily want to be self-employed."

About 10.5 percent of EDG clients are more than 30 days late on their loans, the
industry's measure for loans at risk of delinquency. That's more than double the
rate at microfinance institutions in other parts of the world, according to the
Consultative Group to Assist the Poorest,  a group that sets industry standards
for microfinancers. EDG is working to get more of its clients to make their
payments on time.

In some parts of the world, repayment rates are bolstered by a communal ethic;
loans are given out collectively to groups. Members hold one another accountable
for making payments because if one person falls behind, the entire group is
disqualified from further loans.

Such strategies are less effective in the United States, so EDG seeks other ways
to ensure that its clients repay. Andrew Tulchin, EDG's director, recounted the
story of a Latino immigrant who borrowed $35,000 to purchase a dump truck. He
won a hauling contract from a larger company, hired a second driver and paid
upfront costs, such as fuel. After two weeks of work, he had not been paid by
the contractor and was behind on his loan payments. EDG offered to help track
down the contractor and found a lawyer for the truck owner. Now  the driver is
up to date on his payments.

Traditionally, microfinance has been funded by donors and philanthropy. But
there is a growing movement among some interested parties  --  including eBay
founder Pierre Omidyar  --  to commercialize the institutions, essentially
creating profit-making, sustainable banks for the poor. But analysts and
microfinancers said that might be a difficult goal in this country. The costs of
staffing and operating a microfinance institution in the United States are much
higher than in the developing world.

Michael Barr, a law professor at the University of Michigan who studies
financial services for low- and moderate-income households, said U.S.
microfinance is still facing a lot of challenges.

"There are examples of successful programs around the country, and all are
looking for ways to professionalize, to grow their loan portfolios and to lower
their costs," Barr said.

EDG plans to remain nonprofit but is moving to become more like a commercial
bank in the way it reviews clients' credit histories and analyzes their business
plans. But it also considers good character a qualification and will use
nontraditional collateral to secure a loan.

"We are a nonprofit and our mission is to provide affordable financial services
to the community," said Tulchin, who worked with the Grameen Foundation USA  --
a District-based promoter of the global microfinance movement  --  until joining
EDG six months ago. "It's important we do that in a professional and
business-like fashion so that we can continue to do this work."

The ultimate success, though, he said, is not gaining clients but losing them:
"We lose clients because they don't need us anymore. They can go to a bank."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                           November 30, 2006 Thursday

'The people we lend to are full of ideas' A charity that gives loans to women in
Malawi to enable them to start their own businesses is transforming lives. Nick
Britten reports

BYLINE: Nick Britten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 941 words


Alena Phiri sits in her tiny hut wondering where she will find the next meal for
her two children and the orphan she looks after.

When the rains come, probably next week, water will pour through the grass
thatch roof. She struggles to feed her family, and the water they drink is
filthy.

Ten miles away, Chiwanjira Stambuli has 13 young mouths to feed - four of her
own and nine orphans passed to her following the deaths of her brother and
sister. It is a hopeless task and her rice-growing business does not bring in
enough. Too often, she says, the children go without meals.

Malawi, a former British colony, is the ninth poorest country in the world. The
effects of Aids and extreme poverty mean that the average Malawian is unlikely
to live beyond 40. Fifteen per cent will contract HIV and die from Aids.

TB and malaria kill regularly as treatment remains just out of reach. Rural
hospitals regularly run out of drugs and, for the dying, the local witch doctors
still do a roaring, if hopeless, trade.

Malawi has little export business, an unpredictable climate and none of the big
game or tourist attractions that benefit neighbouring countries. In the cities,
locals talk about buying a car in the same terms we would use about buying a
house. In the countryside, the endless lines of people trudging up and down the
roadside stop to gape at anything with four wheels.

Children swarm around our car looking for plastic water bottles - not for the
clean water but for the pittance they can collect by selling them.

Yet, in the midst of all this, there are signs that life can improve. Following
a period of political instability, the country has its first real democratic
government since the long rule of the dictator Hastings Banda; and, thanks in
large part to charities such as the MicroLoan Foundation, families have the
chance to put tin roofs on their houses, send a child to school, or have access
to clean water.

MicroLoan directs itself predominantly at women in Malawi, who bear the weight
of responsibility for their families and communities. The charity lends small
amounts of money to those who are keen to start their own businesses and some
10,000 have so far joined the scheme.

In the sprawling, bustling town of Nkhotakota, on the shores of Lake Malawi,
where the foundation has a field office, many of the women say that their men
take little interest in family life, often flitting between two or more wives
and disappearing for days on end.

Women have to clothe and feed their children, look after the house and,
increasingly, take the initiative to find the money to survive. And among them,
there is a strong entrepreneurial spirit to improve.

MicroLoan's ethos is that it is better to give a hand up than a handout. "It's
no good just giving money away,'' says the charity's founder, Peter Ryan. "It's
about giving people dignity, empowering them.

"The people we lend to are full of ideas, yet a bank would not touch them and a
loan shark, the only other way of getting money, would charge 100 or 200 per
cent interest.''

The charity lends to co-operatives - which then split the money between members
for their projects - rather than directly to individuals. This promotes a sense
of community and, more pragmatically, ensures that if one business fails, the
others cover its losses to make the twice-monthly repayments.

Its next aim is to reach 20,000 loans and increase the number of regional
offices from six to 15.

Initial loans are of between pounds 15 and pounds 180, the average being pounds
40, and are repaid over four months with a 24 per cent interest rate. If
successful, members can apply for a second, larger loan until they complete four
cycles, when they are introduced to a bank for further loans at reduced rates.

The money comes hand in hand with business training and support from experienced
business people, who often fly in from Britain at their own expense to help.

Alena Phiri, 25, owns 10 hectares of land on which she and her husband,
Frackson, grow nuts and maize. They also earn a meagre wage tin-smithing. They
have two children, aged 11 and nine, and took in the 11-year-old son of Alena's
sister when she died from malaria.

Alena approached the MicroLoan office, a four-hour walk away, when she realised
that starvation for her and her family was a definite possibility.

"I had little money and wanted to improve our lives,'' she says. "I used a loan
to set up a stall repairing bicycles. So many people carry firewood on the backs
of their bicycles but there was no one in the community to repair them.''

She set up a small workshop and the bikes, as well as the money, have started
rolling in.

"Business is good and it is easier to feed the children. My vision is to set up
a hardware shop selling bicycle parts to go with the workshop.''

Close by, Valetina Brighton, 20, who has set up a successful business selling
fish and sugar, now wants to bring a maize mill into the community.

"We have a group of women who work well as a team and our lives have been
transformed,'' she says. "Men could never do that. They would take the money or
argue about it.''

Last week, the MicroLoan Foundation opened a new head office in the town of
Kasungo.

Richard Wildash, the British High Commissioner, said the charity's work was
"very much in line'' with the aim of the British and Malawi governments to
empower women: "We believe in it and want to support it. It is very moving and
encouraging to hear the testimonies of people involved in the MicroLoan
Foundation.

"We are quite aware that money alone cannot change lives; it is people who
change lives and the people involved in the MLF are committed to doing that.''

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Nonprofit Provides California Small Businesses with an Alternative to Predatory
Lenders

BYLINE: Pacific Community Ventures

LENGTH: 918  words


San Francisco, CA,  September 16, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Sarah Kersten Studio in
Berkeley has been manufacturing heirloom-quality ceramics for Bay Area consumers
and restaurants for the past four years. Sales have increased steadily, as has
their popularity with major San Francisco restaurants like Frances and Octavia.
As a growing small business, owner Sarah was having trouble accessing
traditional sources of capital to expand her inventory. Her company didn't meet
the guidelines of most mainstream lenders, so Sarah had to look for an
alternative lender. Pacific Community Ventures (PCV), a San Francisco-based
Community Development Financial Institution, was able to provide Sarah a loan
with a fair and affordable rate.

Sarah's story is the story for thousands of California small businesses. Unlike
Sarah, many small businesses in California are forced to turn to online
predatory lenders when they have trouble accessing capital.

PCV, a Bay Area nonprofit with two decades of experience investing in
California's small business community, is aiming to change that. They're growing
their mission to combat predatory online lending by offering microloans to small
businesses that have been turned down by banks or the Small Business
Administration. And, they pair each borrower with a pro bono expert advisor,
because small businesses with mentors succeed at double the rate of those
without.

Since the economic recession, PCV has been filling part of the small business
funding gap in California with loans between $50,000-$200,000. Over the past two
years, however, 20% of the small businesses that came to PCV - like Sarah
Kersten Studio -- were looking for microloans of less than $50,000. So to meet
this growing need, PCV has launched a microloan program in which businesses
across California are able to acquire loans of $50,000 or less - with a special
focus on businesses located in Alameda and Contra Costa Counties. Plus, it's
more than just a check. PCV's borrowers are assigned a pro bono small business
financial advisor to help complete a strong loan application and have access to
free-one-on-one technical assistance throughout the life of the loan.

"The need for services such as those provided by PCV continues unabated in
persistent pockets of poverty throughout Contra Costa County. In December of
2011, for example, Richmond reflected a high unemployment rate of over 15% and a
poverty rate greater than 18%. About one-third of those in poverty in Richmond
are foreign-born. Access to capital for such communities to start or expand
small businesses provides a way for them to generate increased income and
economic security," says Jeff Butler, Director of Women's Business Center for
Anew America.

Small businesses employ half of California's private sector workers, but far too
many of those businesses are unable to access loans from traditional financial
institutions because they are too young or too small. African American,
Hispanic, Asian, and female small business borrowers in particular face
difficult access-to-capital challenges and often lack the guidance to develop
strong loan applications.

"The Federal Reserve's research shows 39% of all small business loan requests
are below $50,000. A third of entrepreneurs who apply for a bank loan are
rejected; 54% among people of color," says Darlene Rios Drapkin, Principal of
Urban Transformation and a Contra Costa Small Business.

Development Center Advisor. "And women in general are turned down for loans 20%
more often than men. Traditional financial institutions aren't meeting that
need, so unfortunately more and more small business owners are turning to online
lenders with more often than not predatory rates."

"Our small business lending program is filling the gap for entrepreneurs who
can't access capital from the traditional banking system," said Mary Jo Cook,
President and CEO of Pacific Community Ventures. "The deck is stacked against
small business owners - yet these are the people who are creating good jobs in
our communities and strengthening our local economies. We have both a moral and
an economic imperative to help them succeed."

In the Bay Area, our economic boom has outstripped the majority of the country
when it comes to creating new jobs - but those gains have gone to investors or
highly-educated workers in high-paid fields.

"PCV Small Business Lending helps communities grow by investing in people who
build businesses and generate jobs in their neighborhoods," says Robert Porter,
Managing Director of PCV Small Business Services. We're providing small business
capital to entrepreneurs from underserved communities across the state of
California that are struggling to stay afloat. We're talking about small
business owners such as women, people of color, immigrants, and combat
veterans."

PCV has already committed close to a million dollars to small businesses in the
East Bay. In the next three years, PCV will lend $5 million more to California
small businesses. If you're in Alameda or Contra Costa counties and you've been
in business for at least one year, then PCV is eager to work with you. Visit
pacificcommunityventures.org/loans to learn more and apply for funding.

About Pacific Community Ventures

Pacific Community Ventures is a nonprofit that engages small businesses,
investors, and policymakers to build an economy that works for everyone. Their
programs strengthen local economies, create new quality jobs, and stimulate
private and public investment in underserved communities.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: USDA Announces Grants to Community Partners to Create Jobs and
Strengthen Small Rural Businesses

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has selected 10
rural microenterprises to receive grants totaling $300,000 that will support job
growth and business development in several rural communities. The funds are
being provided under the Department's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP), which the 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized through 2018.

"Through the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, USDA partners with
local organizations who in turn invest in local, small businesses that otherwise
are unable to obtain the credit they need to grow and thrive," said Vilsack.
"Facilitating long-term economic development in this way empowers rural
residents to invest locally, cultivating stronger communities. This program
exemplifies how USDA can partner with rural communities to maximize the positive
impact of even a small investment of federal dollars"

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs, defined as very small
businesses with 10 or fewer employees, to access microloans to start or develop
businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to
eligible small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide
microloans, typically ranging from $5,000 to $50,000, to rural
microentrepreneurs.

For example, investments from the RMAP program have played a key role in
sustaining a stable rural economy in Iowa, where nearly 86 percent of businesses
qualify as microenterprises. In 2012, USDA awarded $630,000 in RMAP funds to
North Iowa Area Community College and to the Iowa Foundation for Microenterprise
and Community Development (Iowa MicroLoan), who distributed the capital as loans
and grants to small businesses across the state. Iowa's economy is heavily based
in food and agriculture, and many of the businesses that received RMAP support
contribute to the regional, national, and international reach of the industry.

This year, RMAP grants will fund new projects, including the Our Native American
Business Network's initiative to provide training to Native American
entrepreneurs from the Muscogee (Creek) and Cherokee Nations in Oklahoma who are
interested in launching new rural small businesses. In places across the nation,
rural microentrepreneurial investment supports community development, job
creation, and economic stability.

The following recipients each received $30,000 grants to provide technical
assistance and training to rural microentrepeneurs:

California

Jefferson Economic Development Institute
 Yuba-Sutter Economic Development Corporation

Illinois

Two Rivers Resource Conservation & Development Area

Kentucky

Northern Kentucky Community Action Commission, Inc.

Mississippi

Mississippi University for Women

Ohio

ACEnet

Oregon

Our Native American Business and Entrepreneurial Network

Pennsylvania

Bridgeway Capital, Inc.

Washington, D.C.

Community Development Transportation Lending Service

Washington

GROW Washington

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way in
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

Today's funding announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces Grants to Community Partners to Create Jobs and
Strengthen Small Rural Businesses

LENGTH: 722  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA has selected 10
rural microenterprises to receive grants totaling $300,000 that will support job
growth and business development in several rural communities. The funds are
being provided under the Department's Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP), which the 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized through 2018.

"Through the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program, USDA partners with
local organizations who in turn invest in local, small businesses that otherwise
are unable to obtain the credit they need to grow and thrive," said Vilsack.
"Facilitating long-term economic development in this way empowers rural
residents to invest locally, cultivating stronger communities. This program
exemplifies how USDA can partner with rural communities to maximize the positive
impact of even a small investment of federal dollars"

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to help microentrepreneurs, defined as very small
businesses with 10 or fewer employees, to access microloans to start or develop
businesses. MDOs use the funds to provide training and technical assistance to
eligible small businesses or to establish revolving loan funds to provide
microloans, typically ranging from $5,000 to $50,000, to rural
microentrepreneurs.

For example, investments from the RMAP program have played a key role in
sustaining a stable rural economy in Iowa, where nearly 86 percent of businesses
qualify as microenterprises. In 2012, USDA awarded $630,000 in RMAP funds to
North Iowa Area Community College and to the Iowa Foundation for Microenterprise
and Community Development (Iowa MicroLoan), who distributed the capital as loans
and grants to small businesses across the state. Iowa's economy is heavily based
in food and agriculture, and many of the businesses that received RMAP support
contribute to the regional, national, and international reach of the industry.

This year, RMAP grants will fund new projects, including the Our Native American
Business Network's initiative to provide training to Native American
entrepreneurs from the Muscogee (Creek) and Cherokee Nations in Oklahoma who are
interested in launching new rural small businesses. In places across the nation,
rural microentrepreneurial investment supports community development, job
creation, and economic stability.

The following recipients each received $30,000 grants to provide technical
assistance and training to rural microentrepeneurs:

California

Jefferson Economic Development Institute
    Yuba-Sutter Economic Development Corporation

Illinois

Two Rivers Resource Conservation & Development Area

Kentucky

Northern Kentucky Community Action Commission, Inc.

Mississippi

Mississippi University for Women

Ohio

ACEnet

Oregon

Our Native American Business and Entrepreneurial Network

Pennsylvania

Bridgeway Capital, Inc.

Washington, D.C.

Community Development Transportation Lending Service

Washington

GROW Washington

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way in
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

Today's funding announcement was made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm
Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five
years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                             March 18, 2014 Tuesday

Recognising the promise of start-ups;
OCBC's new 'most promising start-up' award will come with expert advice, Insead
courses, reports JAMIE LEE

SECTION: SME INC; Others

LENGTH: 1262 words


OCBC Bank will introduce a new "most promising start-up award" to the existing
suite of Emerging Enterprise awards available to applicants, said Eric Ong, the
bank's head of emerging business.

Award winners will also receive more guidance and education this year: OCBC will
help to match award winners with mentors such as former chief executive officers
and chief financial officers from listed corporations and large firms. And with
a new sponsorship from Insead, the winners will be able to return to school for
a week or two.

The new award for start-ups will apply to businesses that have a sales turnover
of less than $1 million, and which are less than three years old. The judges
will look at the business model and the product offering.

The focus comes as OCBC sees more promising young start-ups who have a good
business model but have no established track record, Mr Ong told The Business
Times in an interview last week.

"This gives us an opportunity to support many new young companies. For the last
six years, we've been looking at a number of them," he said. "It is also in line
with the government's emphasis on helping new start-ups."

In February, Finance Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam proposed a tweak to the
microloan programme in the 2014 Singapore Budget. Spring Singapore is expected
to raise the government's share of risk on microloans to young small and
medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) - specifically referring to firms registered for
fewer than three years - from 50 per cent to 70 per cent, to spur lending. This
is expected to bring about an additional $32 million in loans over fiscal 2014
and fiscal 2015, Mr Tharman said.

Businesses who qualify for microloans - to be used for purchasing equipment or
for meeting working capital requirements - must meet the following criteria:
they must have at least 30 per cent local equity; post an annual turnover of
under $1 million or employ fewer than 10 staff; the group's annual sales
turnover should not exceed $100 million, or have more than 200 employees.
Eligible companies may be granted up to $100,000 in financing, and a repayment
period of up to four years.

There are rich pickings. Of the approximately 170,000 SMEs in Singapore, 96 per
cent are start-ups of emerging businesses, 2011 estimates from Spring Singapore
showed. This refers to businesses with a yearly turnover of under $15 million.

OCBC is a market leader in the emerging business segment, said Mr Ong, with a
market share of more than 50 per cent. The bank declined to disclose the
retention rate of its clients from start-up to maturity, but said that more than
one in two businesses have a banking relationship with OCBC.

It has also found success with its OCBC Business Card. Launched in 2010, it is
the first custom-made business debit Mastercard that allows corporate clients to
print their company logo and corporate title on their cards. OCBC said that it
is in pole position with such bespoke cards for SMEs, with every one in three
emerging businesses in Singapore owning this card.

Still, the risks are high in this business, Mr Ong said. The bank plunged into
uncharted waters in 2006, when it began focusing on emerging businesses, the
first bank to do so in Singapore. "Fifty per cent do fail within five years," he
said, referring to start-ups.

With nearly a decade of experience, OCBC has now developed a sensitivity around
the business needs of emerging businesses. This includes picking the right time
to provide a loan to start-ups, to ensure that the funding is put to proper use.

"The familiarity with the business is very important," Mr Ong said.

Competition has stiffened since OCBC's foray into the market. He said that the
fight today is not on pricing alone, but in pushing out innovative products that
cater to the clients' needs.

New paths to learn

From this year, OCBC will give winners a $150,000 mentorship consulting prize,
replacing an interest-free loan that the bank offered previously.

"There is an urgent need for some consulting support," said Mr Ong. "As the
companies grow, they may not just look at equity, or bank borrowing, they may
also look at venture capital and various kinds of funding."

This also comes as SMEs are looking into regional expansion, but as a recent
Association of Small and Medium Enterprises (ASME) survey noted, about 70 per
cent of SMEs who venture abroad lack proper advice.

These experts - including former heads and chief financial officers of large
organisations - can provide guidance in these areas, he said.

Top international graduate business school Insead has also joined the panel of
partners this year.

It will offer each winner a chance to attend courses at Insead, under an open
enrolment programme package worth $30,000. "It gives the SMEs the opportunity to
go back to school," said Mr Ong. The classes could stretch into a week or so,
and topics range from leadership to risk management, he added.

Cream of the crop

Into its seventh year, the Emerging Enterprise award is Singapore's only annual
entrepreneurial award that assesses emerging enterprises with annual sales
turnover of less than $15 million.

In determining the winners, Mr Ong looks at whether these companies can
differentiate themselves from the competitors.

"You cannot go on a price war. That's not a characteristic of a winner," said Mr
Ong.

Key indicators to note are if the intellectual property has been protected, and
whether the company continues to innovate. Another issue is the extent at which
the business can be scaled up, he said.

Finally, there is the oft-mentioned fire in the belly. Mr Ong noted that the
passion among young SMEs and start-ups counts. "We look at the business owners
for a true reflection of the business," he said.

OCBC has seen a 10-fold increase in the number of applications received as at
last year. The award has revealed several diamonds in the rough. One in three
past winners have hit the $10 million turnover mark, OCBC said. And about 40 per
cent of past Emerging Enterprise winners have established a presence overseas,
with some of them having gone as far as Africa and Brazil.

"Regionalisation is now an even higher priority for the local SMEs as we
continue to focus our efforts on raising productivity amid rising businesses
costs," said Ghanshyam Ahuja, director of JamiQ. "This award is a useful
platform for us to validate our business model and strengthen our brand name,
eventually bringing us closer to realising our globalisation ambition."

Said Shiv Kumar Khetan, CFO of Vida Resources: "Participating in this award is
definitely a win-win for us. If we do win, the recognition that comes with the
award will definitely strengthen our brand and contribute to the realisation of
our globalisation ambitions. Even if we don't win, the rigour of preparing our
submission stands us in good stead to drive our business for further growth."

The prizes sponsored by partners include:


o $20,000 credit in the OCBC Business Debit Card and a MasterCard Priceless
Travel Package worth $30,000, totalling $50,000 per winner;
o Strategic Brand & Product Development Research Package from Acorn Marketing &
Research Consultants worth $30,000 per winner;
o Capability development programme from Spring Singapore;
o Consulting Package for Growing Businesses from RSM Chio Lim worth $30,000 per
winner.  From now until May 2, 2014, emerging enterprises who meet the
qualifying criteria can register for the award and submit their business plans.

leejamie@sph.com.sg

For more information on Emerging Enterprise 2014, visit www.EEaward.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                          September 22, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Guatemalan women, with help from Austin, get business cash

BYLINE: Jeremy Schwartz MEXICO CITY BUREAU

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 973 words


TIERRA LINDA, Guatemala - Alomgir Hossain bursts into the crowded meeting room
with a jolly greeting and shakes the hand of each of the 15 waiting women.

Wearing the colorful, traditional dress of the Guatemalan Maya, the women stand
and, in their native Kakchikel tongue, pledge to make their businesses
profitable and repay their loans. Then, one by one and in front of the watchful
eyes of the group, they make their biweekly loan payments.

Eighteen months ago, a group of Bangladeshi microcredit experts came to the
Guatemalan highlands to spread their version of the anti-poverty gospel.

With financial support from Austin-based Whole Foods Market Inc., Grameen Bank
is hoping to transform deeply etched patterns of poverty in Guatemala.

Founded by 2006 Nobel Peace Prize winner Muhammad Yunus , Grameen has been
developing microcredit programs for two decades in Bangladesh.

Grameen already has given out more than 6,000 microloans to indigenous women in
central Guatemala, who have used the money to start small stores, raise and
fatten pigs, grow tomatoes or buy thread for the dazzling textiles that they
sell to tourists.

The group hopes to make 10,000 loans before it turns over control of the program
to the locals in 18 months.

Whole Foods officials say their interest in the region was sparked by the coffee
the grocery chain buys near spectacular Lake Atitlan , a large tourist draw
ringed by volcanoes.

The company's nonprofit spin-off, Whole Planet Foundation , finances the project
through corporate, employee and customer donations. The company has similar
programs in Costa Rica, Honduras and Nicaragua, countries where it buys items
such as pineapples and bananas.

"Now with almost 200 stores, the company has the scale and scope to expand its
mission to the global communities in developing countries," Whole Foods CEO John
Mackey said by e-mail. "Microcredit is a very direct way out of poverty and it
has a wonderful track record."

Microcredits, loans as low as $100 to help start a small business, have been
hailed as a solution to poverty from India to Latin America. Whole Planet
Foundation has given $5.2 million in grants to various projects in Central
America and India.

An estimated 92 million people in poor countries received microloans from some
3,100 funding institutions in 2004, a number that probably has increased.

The need is great in Guatemala. According to a government study, only 20 percent
of women who want a microloan have access to one.

Despite the rosy reputation, microcredits have not been immune from criticism.

They have yet to prove they can lift the masses out of poverty, and critics have
assailed microcredits as mere bandages for deeper, structural inequalities that
plague the developing world. They worry that governments will slash public
funding in regions where microloans are prevalent.

Grameen officials say that their system works and that they are helping women
take small steps toward improving their lives.

"The poor people here have no opportunity to go to a bank or access government
credits," Hossain said. "So microfinance is a very, very effective program in
Guatemala."

In Tierra Linda, perched above Lake Atitlan, women see gradual improvements.

Juliana Lebon, 49, used her roughly $130 credit to upgrade her tiny store,
building a counter and buying a small refrigerator to store milk and sodas. Her
dreams are modest: to make enough money from the store so she doesn't have to
work in the cornfields to live.

"Before I was poor, but now things are changing a little bit," Lebon said. "If
(the program) keeps helping the women here, the community will advance."

The indigenous women of Guatemala face daunting challenges.

The highlands bore the brunt of Guatemala's 36-year civil war, which left many
women widows. Crippling poverty sent more husbands fleeing to the United States
for work. And long traditions of not educating indigenous women left many unable
to read or write and unprepared to enter a modern work force.

Santos Aj Kichi, a single mother of two who lives near the town of Sololá,
represents the uphill battle that Grameen and Whole Foods face in Guatemala. Her
loans have allowed her to buy thread to make huipiles , traditional Guatemalan
blouses, and quit her job as a housekeeper.

But her new situation is equally precarious.

Kichi can sell a huipil for about $50, but she clears only about $7 in profit.
She makes about three huipiles a month, leaving her with just over $20, not
nearly enough to send her 11-year-old daughter or 13-year-old son to school.

Transportation alone for the children would be about $30 a month, and that
doesn't include school supplies or registration fees.

"The capital (from the loans) has helped a lot, but it's still very little,"
Kichi said. "If I had more capital I could make more huipiles each month and
maybe send my children to school."

Grameen, like most microcredit organizations, starts women with small loans of
about $100. The credits grow in size as the women show they can pay back the
loans.

The women pay 10 percent in interest and are required to put about 2 percent in
a savings account. They don't put up any collateral. Instead Grameen depends on
community pressure to ensure repayments.

The women are organized into groups of five, and Hossain said that if a woman
can't make her every-other-week payment, the other women in the group pick up
the slack.

"This is the system," he said, "community discipline."

In the coffee-growing region around Lake Atitlan, where most of the beans end up
in Whole Foods' stores, the indigenous women are using their loans for thread
and cloth to weave textiles.

Many hope at some point to eventually use their ever-expanding loans to buy some
coffee plants of their own.

"We are just starting," said Carlota Coquix, secretary of the group. "But maybe
down the road."

jschwartz@coxnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 21, 2009 Saturday

Poverty Summit opens people's eyes to solutions, opportunities

BYLINE: Matt Milner, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 603 words


Feb. 21--FAIRFIELD -- Poverty is one of the toughest social issues to resolve.

Politicians have staked their careers on eliminating poverty and lost. Dozens of
private and public organizations offer their solutions. Money, time and energy
are poured into the issue, but it never seems to create real relief.

Against that backdrop, it's hard to say 2-1/2 hours today will have a major
impact. But Mario Van Dijk says it's important that Fairfield and Jefferson
County residents make the effort.

Van Dijk is helping to lead the Local Economy and Poverty Summit from 10 a.m. to
12:30 p.m. today at the Fairfield Public Library. He doesn't want to overstate
the problem in Jefferson County, but believes it is foolish to pretend there
isn't one.

"This whole southeast part of Iowa, it's really below the average wages in the
state," he said. "But even in this tough economy, there are still
opportunities."

Van Dijk hopes the summit can help, not necessarily in terms of giving people an
immediate boost out of poverty, but as a way to open people's eyes to the
opportunities that do exist. Some are basic, like putting an emphasis on
purchasing from local businesses and vendors. Others are a bit harder to spot
without someone to point them out.

He gives the example of localized food processing. The vast majority of food
Americans consume is shipped, processed and shipped again before it even has a
chance to get onto the table at home. That doesn't mean there aren't ways to cut
through the extra steps.

"There's farmers and growers that have tomatoes," Van Dijk said. "They all ripen
at the same time. If [producers] don't have a place to go with them, they're
stuck."

But if multiple producers get together, they go from being stuck to having the
raw materials for a localized food processing business. It won't rival the
megacorporations, but it may be enough to keep those growers from having to
write off part of their crop each year.

Microloans are another trend Van Dijk thinks has the potential to help at a very
local level. The loans are small, generally less than $20,000, and they go
toward business startups and other applicants that large banks may be reluctant
to touch.

The goal with microloans is to give just enough to get the startup on its feet
and in better position to move forward for the short term. The hope is that the
recipient outgrows the need for a microloan and, in doing so, becomes a more
attractive client for the traditional banking system.

Not everything at the summit is new. The first 10 minutes are focused on the
city's 10-year strategic plan, followed by 15 minutes on the Fairfield First
program. But over the course of the summit the program will include things like
microloans, the brain-belt partnership and innovating with digital media.

The largest segment focuses on poverty reduction through job creation, training,
and low-income housing options. Van Dijk admits that the efforts probably won't
change things overnight but says the more people are aware of their options, the
better chance they have to better their situation.

"It's all about opening up new doors, new insights," he said.

Matt Milner can be reached at (641) 683-5359 or via e-mail at mwmilner@mchsi.com

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090221-OT-Poverty-Summit-opens-people-s-eyes-to-solutions-opportunities-0221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                                 Copyright 2009


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

BRIEFLY

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1094 words


SUB-COMMUNITIES AT CONCORD STATION: Lennar recently opened two new
sub-communities and started construction of three new model homes at Concord
Station, the master-planned community on Mentmore Boulevard off State Road 54 in
Land O'Lakes. For information, call Francine Miller, director of sales
operations, at (813) 574-5671.

LOCAL COMPANY RECEIVES MICROLOAN: The Busy Buddy, a company that spends its time
helping other companies streamline operations by providing support services, is
getting a little help of its own, thanks to the Pasco Economic Development
Council's microloan program.

The Busy Buddy, located in the SMARTstart Dade City Incubator, the 15th company
to be awarded a microloan, will use the funds for business operations, training
and marketing. The company was started by Kellye Dash as a part-time business in
2009, and by 2012 it had grown into a full-time enterprise. For information,
call Summer Martin at (813) 926-0827 or email smartin@pascoedc.com

* * *

Who's news

HOSPITAL COO EARNS TOP CREDENTIAL: Kenneth West, chief operating officer at
Medical Center of Trinity, recently became a Fellow of the American College of
Healthcare Executives, the nation's leading professional society for health care
leaders.

Fellow status represents achievement of the highest standard of professional
development. West is now privileged to use the FACHE registered trademark
credential, which signifies board certification in health care management and
ACHE fellow status. In addition, West was also honored by Becker's Hospital
Review as one of the top 25 health care leaders younger than 40 in the nation.
Each year, Becker's Hospital Review honors the 25 men and women who have
demonstrated excellence in their organizations and professional lives before
turning 40.

CHAMBER NAMES PHSC PROVOST BUSINESS LEADER OF THE YEAR: Stanley Giannet, provost
of Pasco-Hernando State College's Porter Campus, was recently awarded the
prestigious honor of 2014-15 Business Leader of the Year and Honorary Mayor at
the 2014 Greater Wesley Chapel Chamber of Commerce banquet. Each year, the
chamber celebrates the extraordinary accomplishments of local community members,
businesses and organizations. The Business Leaders of the Year and Honorary
Mayor is awarded to a business owner or manager who best exemplifies generosity
in giving for community benefit.

* * *

Events

CAREER WORKSHOPS AT PHSC: Pasco-Hernando State College will host career
workshops at its West Campus, 10230 Ridge Road, New Port Richey. The
career-focused workshops are free and open to students and the public.

- "Job Seeking/Applying Online," 9:30-10:30 a.m. today in M-101.

- "Successful Networking," 9:30-10:30 a.m. Oct. 24 in R-151.

For information, call (727) 816-3334 or email Jacqueline Eden at edenj@phsc.edu

RACE TO WORK: CareerSource Pasco-Hernando will host free re-employment community
events from 9 a.m. to noon during October to promote efforts in reducing the
community's unemployment rate.

- Wednesday at Rasmussen College, 8661 Citizen Drive, Suite 300, New Port
Richey.

- Oct. 22 at American Legion Post 15, 37745 Church Ave., Dade City.

For information, contact Joyce Headrick at (352) 200-3050 or
jheadrick@careersourcepascohernando.com

CHAMBER MIXER: The Greater Zephyrhills Chamber of Commerce will have its monthly
chamber mixer from 5 to 7 p.m. Thursday at the Free & Accepted Masons, Masonic
Lodge 198, 5950 12th St., Zephyrhills. For information, email
info@zephyrhillschamber.org

BUSINESS AND CAREER EXPO: The Pasco Hernando Hispanic Chamber of Commerce will
have its fourth annual Business and Career Expo from 3 to 8 p.m. Oct. 17 at
Wesley Chapel Toyota, 5300 Eagleston Blvd., Wesley Chapel.

The theme will be "Integrating Business With Technology." The event will feature
innovation in technology, inventions and creations by local entrepreneurs, as
well as prizes donated by Microsoft and other businesses. At least four business
mentors will be available for those needing direction or assistance in starting,
exporting, operating or developing a business or product. The free one-day expo
is sponsored by Wesley Chapel Toyota. To register, attend or join the PHHCC,
visit phhchamber.com or call (813) 435-1499.

* * *

Building skills

EDUCATING ENTREPRENEURS: SCORE Chapter 439 is presenting an ongoing series of
free business seminars. Upcoming seminars include:

- "Using Excel Software," 10 a.m. to noon Tuesday, SMARTstart New Port Richey,
6345 Grand Blvd., New Port Richey.

- "Advanced Selling Skills," 1-3 p.m. Tuesday, SMARTstart Dade City, 15000
Citrus County Drive, Suite 103 in the Dade City Business Center.

- "Building a Plan for a Successful Business," 5:30-7:30 p.m. Tuesday, New Port
Richey Library, 5939 Main St., New Port Richey.

- "Introduction to QuickBooks," 5:30-7:30 p.m. Wednesday, Hugh Embry Branch
Library, 14215 Fourth St., Dade City.

- "Focused Selling Skills," 5:30-7:30 p.m. Thursday, Regency Park Branch
Library, 9701 Little Road, New Port Richey.

- "How to Really Start Your Own Business," Oct. 21, Hudson Regional Library,
8012 Library Road, Hudson.

- "Introduction to QuickBooks," 5:30-7:30 p.m. Oct. 28, Land O'Lakes Branch
Library, 2818 Collier Parkway, Land O'Lakes.

To register, visit score439.org and click on the "Local Workshops" tab, or call
the SCORE office at (727) 842-4638.

* * *

Save the date

HARVEST FESTIVAL BUSINESS EXPO: The Greater Zephyrhills Chamber of Commerce will
host the 2014 Harvest Festival Business Expo from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Nov. 1 at
Zephyr Park, 38116 Fifth Ave., Zephyrhills. Proceeds will benefit the Samaritan
Project of Zephyrhills. The free event will feature entertainment, food, games,
giveaways and exhibits from churches, businesses and nonprofit organizations.
For more information, call (813) 782-1913 or visit zephyrhillschamber.org.

BUSINESS EXPO: The Greater Dade City Chamber of Commerce and Saint Leo
University will have a 2014 Community and Business Expo from 4 to 7 p.m. Nov. 13
at Dan Cannon Auditorium on the Pasco County Fairgrounds, 36722 State Road 52,
Dade City. The expo is presented by the Greater Dade City Chamber, Saint Leo
University, the Tampa Bay Times and CenterState Bank. The free event is open to
the public. For information, call the chamber at (352) 567-3769.

If you have business announcements to share, mail the details to Jean Hayes,
Business Digest, Pasco Times, 11321 U.S. 19, Port Richey, FL 34668. Or email
items to jhayes@tampabay.com or fax them to (352) 754-6133. Submitted items may
be edited for length and clarity. Photos are published as space permits; they
will not be returned.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Courtesy of David West: ROTARY NAMES BUSINESS OF THE YEAR: The
Sunrise Rotary Club of Dade City recently announced that IHOP in Dade City,
which opened its doors in October 2005, was chosen as its 2014 Business of the
Year. Jean Nathe, club president, presented Amanda White, left, IHOP general
manager, with the award during a recent meeting at the restaurant. White, who
began working at the restaurant in 2006, was promoted to general manager in 2009
and immediately began reaching out to the community to offer assistance. "I
truly believe that if you want the community to give to you, you must first give
to them. You must be there for your community and you must be involved," White
said. IHOP is currently partnered with the local elementary schools, the high
school, several local churches, the chamber of commerce, the local Elks lodge,
VFW post, Meals on Wheels and the Angel Tree Program.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                             March 28, 2014 Friday

Banks develop a liking for microlending

LENGTH: 730  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


umbai, March 28 -- India's microlending industry, dominated by traditional
microfinance institutions (MFIs), is witnessing a re-emergence of interest from
commercial banks, which are targeting low-income borrowers. In the past, banks
had stayed away from offering microloans in rural areas because of the high
operational costs involved but are now using so-called business correspondents
to re-enter the segment. Business correspondents are agents of banks operating
in far-flung areas of the country, where only MFIs used to operate before.
Commercial banks are following the traditional operational model of MFIs in
microlending- be it charging a high interest rate or a no-collateral policy
while giving small loans. The tenure of these loans is between 1 year and 3
years and the banks lend anywhere between '15,000 and '25,000 to customers.
Commercial banks, however, have the advantage of offering the loans at an
interest rate ranging between 20% and 24%, lower than the 26-27% charged by MFIs
including the processing fee. Though banks charge an interest rate of 20-24%,
the final return to them will be far less, about 12-13%, after paying a
commission to the business correspondent, bankers said. In some cases, where the
borrower is represented by a group, banks accept a group guarantee.

Most banks engaged in microlending have built their portfolios over the past 2-3
years, when traditional microlenders plunged into a crisis after the erstwhile
Andhra Pradesh government promulgated a law severely restricting the activities
of MFIs because of alleged use of coercion to recover loans. Banks that are
focusing on low-income borrowers include HDFC Bank Ltd, IndusInd Bank Ltd and
IDBI Bank Ltd. For instance, IndusInd Bank has expanded its microlending book to
somewhere between '400 crore and '500 crore in the past three years from about
'100 crore, said Srinivas Bonam, head of inclusive banking group at IndusInd
Bank. "The idea is to take the direct lending of microloans in the rural
segments and ensure that the end-client has access to financial services at an
affordable rate, and in a sustainable manner, compared with the products offered
by microfinanciers," Bonam said. IndusInd Bank uses its business correspondent
network to reach out to borrowers and lends at about 24%. Such loans will have a
tenor of one year for loans of less than '15,000 and two years for loans above
that amount. IDBI Bank has doubled its direct microlending book from what it was
three years ago, said a senior official at the state-run bank, who is directly
involved in the business.

Its total loan book to the low-income segment, which include loans to MFIs, is
around '1,000 crore, the official said, declining to be named. "With business
correspondents coming in, we are using this model to expand our portfolio," the
official said. He is not authorized to talk to reporters. As on 31 March 2013,
Indian banks had deployed about 195,380 business correspondents covering 221,341
villages, according to the Reserve Bank of India. Analysts said larger banks
such as HDFC Bank too have become active in the microloan segment. HDFC Bank has
significantly grown its portfolio in recent years. A questionnaire sent to the
bank on Friday, 14 March, seeking its response on the progress achieved in the
microloan business remained unanswered. Micro loans help banks meet their
socalled priority sector targets, analysts said. RBI norms mandate that banks
have to lend 40% of their loans to the so-called priority sector that includes
agriculture, micro-credit, exports and economically weaker sections. Some
analysts, however, cautioned that using business correspondents to garner loans
may not be a good strategy.

"From an asset-quality perspective, using business correspondents to get loans
is riskier than bank staff directly going and lending to borrowers, because
there is a possibility that business correspondents may push products to earn
commission without following the due diligence," said Hatim Broachwala, an
analyst at Karvy Stock Broking Ltd. As on 24 January, Indian banks had micro
credit outstanding worth '17,500 crore compared with '15,100 crore in the
year-earlier period.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2014 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                               May 8, 2009 Friday

Small businesses in Oregon get federal stimulus help

BYLINE: Justin Carinci

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 464  words


A loan program for small businesses and start-ups got a huge boost Thursday from
the federal stimulus package. The Oregon Association of Minority Entrepreneurs
can now administer up to $1.15 million of federal Small Business Administration
loans.

Called microloans, the loans range from $500 to $35,000. They aim to provide
opportunities for business ventures that might not qualify for bank lending,
said Jorge Guerra with OAME.

"A lot of banks in Oregon and Southwest Washington have cut the line of credit
for small businesses," Guerra said. "This gives them the cash flow to keep
moving. "OAME started offering microloans in 1992. The association has
participated in the SBA program since 2002.

The program's lending power has increased tenfold, said Harry DeWolf, SBA
Portland district director. Previously, OAME had been authorized to lend only
$115,000 through the program.

A million dollars can go a long way with microloans, DeWolf said. "Sometimes
someone wants to start up a small business from home and they just need $5,000
for inventory. "

Banks, however, sometimes hesitate to loan such small amounts. "It costs just as
much for a bank to process a $5,000 loan as it does for them to process a
$50,000 loan," DeWolf said.

In the past, OAME has offered 40 to 60 loans per year, Guerra said, including
SBA loans. With increased ability to lend, the association will be looking for
more staff to run the program.

"We're asking all the partners of OAME, all private lenders, to contribute
funding for our operations," Guerra said.

DeWolf said OAME has shown it's up to the challenge. "It's more work for them,
but it's quite an endorsement for the SBA to say, 'You did great with $115,000.
Now here's a million. ' "

The increased lending capacity will benefit small businesses in Southwest
Washington, DeWolf said. Some businesses that worked with the Bank of Clark
County have found themselves in a bind.

"There are some borrowers who, because that bank closed, were having trouble
with some of their lines of credit, getting them renewed from other banks," he
said. "I asked OAME if it would be interested in expanding its territory to
Southwest Washington and bumping their lending limit. "

SBA loans have interest rates capped at 7.75 percent for loans of $10,000 or
more and 8.5 percent for loans of less than $10,000.

The program offers more than money, DeWolf said. Microloans come with an
education and training requirement. OAME will hold classes for borrowers on how
to run businesses.

OAME's reach and track record make it an ideal partner for SBA, DeWolf said. "I
have great confidence that OAME would do great and administer the funds the way
they have in the past," he said.

"There's an opportunity for the SBA and OAME to serve a greater amount of small
businesses in Oregon. "

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Banking and Stock Exchange, Finance, Economics (Russia)

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Loans provided by micro-financing organizations (MFO) will increase by 12% to
reach RUR 73 billion in 2016, according to a survey by AKRA Agency

SECTION: BANKING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES; No. 54

LENGTH: 338 words


Reference: "MFO Market to Grow 12-14% in 2016/17", IA Finmarket, March 28, 2016

The MFO portfolio added 14% in 2015 whereas portfolios of SME and retail loans
reduced. "The reason is that the market is young. Besides, growth of the
customer base is driven by the increased number of loan denials by banks. A
growing amount of nonperforming and restructured loans on the books of MFOs
takes its toll, too," say AKRA analysts.

Slowdown of growth (growth in 2014 was 25%) will be seen in all segments of the
microloan market. Growth will slow down from 11% to 7% for microloans to
business, from 14% to 10% for payday loans, from 19% to 16% for consumer loans.
Consumer loans will account for about half (46%) of the total MFO portfolio
closer to the year-end. Loans to business and payday loans will account for 36%
and 18% respectively.

AKRA expects growth of the micro-financing market to speed up to 14% in 2017.
The key drivers include an expected reduction in credit rates, slowdown of the
decline in the economy and in real personal income. This trend will begin to
show up in the second half of 2016, but a major impact on the market will be in
2017. The micro-financing market will benefit from the increase in the maximum
amount of business microloans to RUR 3 million and from expected expansion of
the government support for micro-financing organizations granting loans to legal
entities and self-employed persons.

Expected deterioration in the credit quality of a number of small organizations
together with tougher regulatory requirements would result in a noticeable
reduction in the number of MFOs in 2016/17 and further consolidation of the
micro-financing market with the largest players. As regards large MFOs,
shareholders of the majority of them are in a position and willing to support
their business by increasing authorized capital or providing long-term loans,
AKRA estimates. With this in mind, AKRA expects the market share of MFOs from
the top-20 to increase from 40% at the moment to 50% at the end of 2017.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Pingree announces over $600,000 in federal funding for Midcoast small businesses

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Chellie Pingree, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congresswoman Chellie Pingree announced todaythat the Midcoast Council of
Governments would receive a $105,000 grant and$500,000 loan from USDA Rural
Development through the Rural Micro-entrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP).

"This is a very exciting opportunity to provide small businesses in the Midcoast
with the capital and assistance they need to take their operations to the next
level and create new jobs. With funding being distributed to so many different
small businesses, this valuable investment will have a wide impact," said
Pingree. "My congratulations and appreciation go to Midcoast Council of
Governments for leading this important program."

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to organizations that, in turn, make microloans
to eligible small businesses with 10 or fewer employees for start-up or
development. RMAP grants are used by organizations to provide technical
assistance and training to micro-entrepreneurs.

Midcoast Council of Governments will use the funding to make microloans and
provide training to very small businesses inKnox, Lincoln, Sagadahoc,
Cumberland, and Waldo counties.

Northern Maine Development Commission will also receive a $500,000 RMAP grant
for microloans in Aroostook, Washington, Penobscot, and Piscataquis counties.

USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "These USDA Rural
Development funds will have asignificant impact on business and economic
development in nine Maine counties, as well as a substantial impact on business
development and job creation and retention in Maine. Through relending of these
critical funds, a total of 68 small Maine businesses will be assisted and 165
jobs created or retained throughout our state."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Small Local Actions Make a Big Impact on Small Businesses Growth

LENGTH: 681  words

DATELINE: Washington


National League of Cities has issued the following press release:

Several years ago, Julio and William needed additional financing to expand their
growing plumbing and repair company in the greater Los Angeles area. The
father-son duo estimated that the price of a business office, advertising fees,
and other necessary expenses would cost about $5,000 more than what they had in
the bank.

What happened next is very typical for small business owners - they decided to
apply for a loan that would cover these expansion costs. What is unusual,
however, is that this funding didn't come from a bank or traditional lender.
Instead, the funding came from a diverse group of complete strangers who made
small donations online from as far away as Minneapolis, Pittsburgh, and even
London.

Julio and William received the funding through Kiva City Los Angeles, one of the
programs highlighted in the National League of Cities' recent report, Big Ideas
for Small Business. The Kiva City program helps fill lending gaps by making
microloans available to small business owners in major U.S. cities. A
particularly important aspect of the program is that microloans are available to
businesses that may not meet traditional lending criteria. In Los Angeles, the
local program has already provided over $550,000 in loans to 110 small
businesses.

The success of the Kiva City Los Angeles program, and similar programs in other
cities, relies on partnership and support from civic and local leaders. In order
for Kiva City programs to be successful, there must be collaboration among all
of these groups to recruit local businesses, promote their stories, and partner
with local financial institutions to manage the microloan process.

Small businesses have always needed to interact with city hall to obtain permits
and licenses, but many local leaders are taking a more proactive role in
supporting business owners beyond just serving as a regulatory rubber stamp.
Local leaders are in a unique position to support and develop their city's small
business community. City officials and staff, like those in Los Angeles, can use
their leadership roles, cross-departmental resources, and community partnerships
to build an ecosystem that proactively supports the development of new and
existing small businesses.

A supportive small business ecosystem connects entrepreneurs to mentorship and
technical assistance, reduces timely and unnecessary business regulations, and
alerts owners to innovative funding opportunities, like Kiva City. That National
League of Cities report shares these best practices in an effort to help other
cities replicate their success.

Cities that implement these proactive approaches often experience a positive
impact. That's because small businesses create well-paying jobs, deliver vital
goods and services, generate sales tax revenue, and contribute to the character
and livability of neighborhoods. In Los Angeles, thanks in large part to the
efforts of local leaders, the area saw slightly higher new start-up job growth
than in the heart of Silicon Valley in 2012.

Meanwhile, Julio and William have paid off their initial Kiva loan and applied
for a second one earlier this year to purchase an equipment van. Within two
months, they had fulfilled their funding goal. In online comments to his Kiva
City donors, Julio said, "Thank you everyone that lent to our cause and believes
in our business. This one was a real nail biter. I was dreading the idea of
other ways to raise money for our van." Julio and his son received donations
from 351 individuals and organizations.

Even though the funding for Kiva City Los Angeles businesses comes from
individuals who live across the country and the globe, the first real investment
originated in Los Angeles with the commitment and leadership of local officials
who helped launch the program. We encourage other local leaders, community
activists, and residents to support these types of proactive and innovative
programs that assist small businesses and build better communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.nlc.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Small Local Actions Make a Big Impact on Small Businesses Growth

LENGTH: 691  words

DATELINE: Washington


National League of Cities has issued the following news release:

Several years ago, Julio and William needed additional financing to expand their
growing plumbing and repair company in the greater Los Angeles area. The
father-son duo estimated that the price of a business office, advertising fees,
and other necessary expenses would cost about $5,000 more than what they had in
the bank.

What happened next is very typical for small business owners - they decided to
apply for a loan that would cover these expansion costs. What is unusual,
however, is that this funding didn't come from a bank or traditional lender.
Instead, the funding came from a diverse group of complete strangers who made
small donations online from as far away as Minneapolis, Pittsburgh, and even
London.

Julio and William received the funding through Kiva City Los Angeles, one of the
programs highlighted in the National League of Cities' recent report, Big Ideas
for Small Business. The Kiva City program helps fill lending gaps by making
microloans available to small business owners in major U.S. cities. A
particularly important aspect of the program is that microloans are available to
businesses that may not meet traditional lending criteria. In Los Angeles, the
local program has already provided over $550,000 in loans to 110 small
businesses.

The success of the Kiva City Los Angeles program, and similar programs in other
cities, relies on partnership and support from civic and local leaders. In order
for Kiva City programs to be successful, there must be collaboration among all
of these groups to recruit local businesses, promote their stories, and partner
with local financial institutions to manage the microloan process.

Small businesses have always needed to interact with city hall to obtain permits
and licenses, but many local leaders are taking a more proactive role in
supporting business owners beyond just serving as a regulatory rubber stamp.
Local leaders are in a unique position to support and develop their city's small
business community. City officials and staff, like those in Los Angeles, can use
their leadership roles, cross-departmental resources, and community partnerships
to build an ecosystem that proactively supports the development of new and
existing small businesses.

A supportive small business ecosystem connects entrepreneurs to mentorship and
technical assistance, reduces timely and unnecessary business regulations, and
alerts owners to innovative funding opportunities, like Kiva City. That National
League of Cities report shares these best practices in an effort to help other
cities replicate their success.

Cities that implement these proactive approaches often experience a positive
impact. That's because small businesses create well-paying jobs, deliver vital
goods and services, generate sales tax revenue, and contribute to the character
and livability of neighborhoods. In Los Angeles, thanks in large part to the
efforts of local leaders, the area saw slightly higher new start-up job growth
than in the heart of Silicon Valley in 2012.

Meanwhile, Julio and William have paid off their initial Kiva loan and applied
for a second one earlier this year to purchase an equipment van. Within two
months, they had fulfilled their funding goal. In online comments to his Kiva
City donors, Julio said, "Thank you everyone that lent to our cause and believes
in our business. This one was a real nail biter. I was dreading the idea of
other ways to raise money for our van." Julio and his son received donations
from 351 individuals and organizations.

Even though the funding for Kiva City Los Angeles businesses comes from
individuals who live across the country and the globe, the first real investment
originated in Los Angeles with the commitment and leadership of local officials
who helped launch the program. We encourage other local leaders, community
activists, and residents to support these types of proactive and innovative
programs that assist small businesses and build better communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                 April 26, 2010

Oakland launches microloan program

BYLINE: CHAD HALCOM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0021

LENGTH: 238 words


Oakland County has activated a microloan program for entrepreneurs and small
businesses in cooperation with the Ann Arbor-based Center for Empowerment and
Economic Development and the U.S. Small Business Administration.

The Oakland County Micro Loan Program creates a new $500,000 pool of capital for
county-based businesses that have been unable to obtain traditional loams to
borrow from $500 to $35,000 for equipment, supplies, inventory or working
capital.

There is no set limit on the number of loans the program will generate, said
Maureen Donohue Krauss, director of economic development and community affairs
for the county.

The ideal borrower would be small businesses that need equipment or resources
for something that adds to their current business, she said.

The Oakland County Economic Development Corp. contributed $100,000 to the loan
pool, with the remainder coming from SBA funds. Loans are offered at 4 percent
above the prime interest rate to applicants who are current on other debt,
cannot obtain other lending and have a business plan if a company is less than
three years old.

The Oakland program is distinct from CEED's own microloan program, which has
made more than 300 loans totaling $4.1 million to businesses over the past 26
years. Borrowers can contact the Oakland program office at (248) 460-3973 or
download applications at www.miceed.org.

Copyright 2010 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cd


                      Copyright 2010 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Telegram (Massachusetts)

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday
                              Worcester TG Edition

SECTION: NEWS; 10

LENGTH: 970 words



HIGHLIGHT: Biz Briefs for sun june 12 33.2 inches Page D10 Auburn Rotary wins
awards


Auburn Rotary wins 3 awards at conference

AUBURN -- The 72-year-old Rotary Club of Auburn, revived 16 months ago following
a one-year hiatus, took home two district awards and one international award
during the 2016 District Conference May 20-22 in Plymouth.

The club is part of Rotary District 7910 and Rotary International. Rotary
District 7910 covers Central Massachusetts and MetroWest. Rotary International
has more than 34,000 clubs worldwide.

Deadhorse Hill eatery gets SMOC, city help

WORCESTER -- A new restaurant in downtown Worcester is open for business with
help from the first microloan issued by the South Middlesex Opportunity
Council's Financial Services.

A $25,000 loan was issued recently by SFS to business partners Sean Woods and
Jared Forman, owners of the Deadhorse Hill restaurant that opened May 4 at 281
Main St. Woods, a Worcester resident, said the money supplements another
microloan they received in December from the city Executive Office of Economic
Development.

Peter Dunn, EOED Business Programs manager, said the city began working with the
entrepreneurs in 2014 while they were scouting locations for their new
restaurant. Once the two partners focused on the Main Street location, they
developed a detailed business plan and began applying for conventional bank
loans. That process proved to be challenging for the two entrepreneurs, so they
applied to EOED and received a $25,000 microloan. That money along with their
private savings was used as a down payment on the property.

Mr. Dunn said his office was particularly impressed with the operators'
experience and reputation in the industry. "However, we looked at their business
plan and determined that their financial needs would exceed our capacity," he
said, "so we informed them about additional financial opportunities that could
be available, including SFS."

When the restaurant and café are operating at capacity, Woods and his business
partner expect to employ between 30 and 35 full and part-time staffers. Since
opening in early May, the restaurant has been filled to capacity most nights.

"We watched what was happening in downtown Worcester and we really wanted to be
a part of what's going on here," Woods said. "There's a lot of new industry
coming in and we think our business will attract young professionals and young
medical students. This is an area on the upswing, and Jared and I both believe
that it all starts with a great restaurant like Deadhorse Hill."

SFS opened its offices in January at 7 Bishop St., Framingham, serving the
MetroWest area and at the Martin Luther King Jr. Opportunity Center, 237
Chandler St., serving Worcester and the Greater Worcester region. Executive
director is James Cuddy.

The mission of SFS is to provide low-interest microloans, technical and
educational assistance and support services to local entrepreneurs, with a focus
on minorities, women, veterans and immigrants, as they start, stabilize and grow
their businesses. Banks investing in SFS include Commerce Bank, Middlesex
Savings Bank, Country Bank for Savings, Mutual One Bank, Needham Bank and
Southbridge Savings Bank.

Chamber supports NPDES permit change

WORCESTER -- The Worcester Regional Chamber of Commerce said it is supporting
the efforts of the Baker-Polito administration to localize administration of the
National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permits.

In Massachusetts, NPDES permits are administered by the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency and they are issued every five years. For several years,
Worcester has locked horns with the EPA over mandates in the NPDES permits it
has issued. City officials have complained about the high cost involved to
comply with the permits.

In a letter sent to the state House-Senate Joint Committee on Environment,
Natural Resources and Agriculture, the Worcester chamber voiced its support for
legislation that would place authority to administer the NPDES permits with the
state Department of Environmental Protection. The committee is led by Sen. Anne
Gobi, D-Spencer, and Rep. Paul A. Schmid III, D-Westport.

The change in control would put Massachusetts in line with 46 other states that
administer the process for their municipalities, said Timothy P. Murray, chamber
president and chief executive officer. The legislation is part of a larger
application packet being submitted to the EPA.

The state DEP issues permits for wastewater, stormwater and other water use
programs. Adding the NPDES program under the guidance of the state DEP, Mr.
Murray said, would create continuity and consistency across the permit process.
The Baker-Polito administration has committed to providing additional staff to
the DEP to implement the program locally, he said.

-- Nick Kotsopoulos

Webster Square group elects officers

WORCESTER -- The Webster Square Business Association has elected a new slate of
officers for the 2016-17 membership year at its monthly meeting held June 8 at
Livia's Dish Restaurant.

Newly elected officers are: president, Michael Marchand, Alfred Roy & Sons
Funeral Home; 1st vice president, Oriola Koci, Livia's Dish Restaurant; 2nd vice
president, Maureen Binienda, superintendent, Worcester Public Schools;
secretary, Jack Woods, Thomas J. Woods Insurance Agency; treasurer, Barbara
Roach Kyes, Peoples United Bank.

Board of directors: Brian Barrows, the Rev. Steve Barrett, Denise Bates, Robert
Cross, Moses Dixon, Jack Foley, Chris Liazos, Stu Loosemore, Lemonia Mironidis,
Peg Naylor, Ed Salloom, Cindy Skowyra and Janelle Wilson.

The association aims to ensure the Webster Square area remains a flourishing
commercial destination by creating a favorable business environment, fostering
long-lasting relationships, making the district active for visitors, and
supporting the local community. WSBA's top priority is increasing the commercial
activity in the area.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                 June 27, 2011

Rochester, OU build program offering microloans to retailers

BYLINE: Gary Anglebrandt

SECTION: Pg. 12 Vol. 27

LENGTH: 187  words


Before the end of this year, microloans for retail businesses could become
available through a business incubator at Oakland University.

Loans of $10,000 to $50,000, based on money raised from public and private
sources, will be offered through the OU INCubator.

Kristi Trevarrow, director of the Rochester Downtown Development Authority, said
the DDA has committed $100,000 to the fund and is seeking to raise $400,000 from
private investors by the end of the year.

The loans are to go to retail businesses in downtown Rochester. That includes
restaurants and grocers but not office-based businesses, Trevarrow said.

Loans are not being made yet but could start once $200,000 is raised from
private investors, she said.

An OU website will funnel the loan applications once the program begins, said
Lori Kerch, senior finance and investment capital adviser for OU INCubator.

"The focus will be on existing businesses that need to expand or acquire a piece
of equipment or technology," but startups are also welcome to apply, Kerch said.

To learn more about the microloan program, contact Kerch at (248) 648-4800 or
kerch @oakland.edu.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2011 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            November 30, 2014 Sunday
                             South Pinellas Edition

RED FLAGS OVER CHARITY MODEL

BYLINE: SUSAN TAYLOR MARTIN, Times Senior Correspondent

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1515 words



HIGHLIGHT: Oversight at Mercy Foundation Group, which flips properties to fund
microloans, is called into question.


It seems like a win-win:

A company stuck with a shuttered factory or a vacant office building gets a big
tax deduction for selling at a bargain price to a nonprofit. The nonprofit fixes
up the property and leases or resells it, raising money for charity.

Tampa-based Mercy Foundation Group has used that model to acquire 40 properties
around the nation and to make micro-loans to poor people across the globe.

But Mercy's leadership and model have raised what one expert on charities called
"red flags":

- Mercy's most recent filing with the IRS suggests it spent nearly $1 million
helping people in 2013. But its founder acknowledges that only about $70,000
actually went into microloans.

- The founder, who is also Mercy's CEO, ran a strikingly similar nonprofit, Seed
America Foundation, which went bankrupt in 2010.

- Mercy's four-person board - two of the four are the CEO and his wife - is too
small to provide adequate oversight of Mercy's finances and operations.

"The whole thing looks odd," said Sandra Miniutti, vice president of the charity
watchdog group Charity Navigator.

Founder Joseph "Joe" Johnson, a 39-year-old entrepreneur, said Mercy's unusual
fundraising approach is ''not for the faint of heart."

"But five years from now," he said, "Mercy ought to be doing millions (in loans)
to underprivileged entrepreneurs."

Mercy Foundation and its affiliate, Mercy Real Estate, operate out of a
nondescript building in Ybor City. There, employees scour commercial real estate
sites for distressed properties and urge the owners to "sell to Mercy" and help
"change the world."

All of Mercy's real estate transactions are known as bargain sales or "170
exchanges"because they fall under a provision of the federal tax code that
covers gifts to charities.

The buyer, which must be IRS-recognized as a nonprofit, pays for the real estate
with cash and gives the seller a gift receipt for tax purposes. The seller
deducts the amount of the gift receipt on its tax return.

The "gift" is the difference between the sale price and the appraised
fair-market value of the property.

Though bargain sales are sometimes used in donating real estate to universities,
schools and the like, they are rare. And few, if any, other nonprofits use them
as their only fundraising tool.

"Honestly, I don't know of any other organization that actively goes after them
like we do," said Derick Sutton, Mercy's chief marketing officer.

On its website, Mercy said it has acquired more than 4 million square feet of
commercial space in 18 states. Recent purchases include a former shoe factory in
Milwaukee and a plant in Nebraska once used to make shock absorbers.

Mercy still holds most of the properties but has sold about a dozen. After
closing costs and other expenses, the proceeds are used to make microloans -
typically loans of a few hundred dollars that help people in mostly Third World
countries start or build small businesses.

The money is distributed via Kiva, a California nonprofit that acts as an online
middleman between borrowers and lenders. Called "crowd funding," a single loan
could be funded by many lenders - individuals as well as organizations like
Mercy.

In its 2013 filing with the IRS, Mercy said it has "helped fund" more than 2,000
microloans in more than 60 countries.

How much of Mercy's own money actually went into the loans?

It's impossible to tell.

According to the IRS filing, Mercy spent $906,148 last year on "program service
accomplishments," including microloans. That was 63 percent of its total
expenses.

Charity watchdog groups say nonprofits ideally should spend at least 66 percent
of their budget on the charitable purpose. Most nonprofits spend at least 75
percent.

Mercy's 63 percent is "on the low side, but for a new charity it's probably more
normal than not," said Miniutti of Charity Navigator.

Johnson said Mercy had to put a lot of money into startup costs. Thus most of
the $906,148 for "program services" actually went for salaries and other
expenses of Mercy's own employees.

The actual amount spent on microloans, Johnson said, was about $70,000, a figure
that does not appear anywhere on Mercy's IRS filing.

Other nonprofits making microloans listed the amount in a box on the IRS form
that asks for "grants and other assistance to governments, organizations and
individuals outside the United States." Accion International, a Boston
nonprofit, reported $6.3 million in assistance. Opportunity International of
Illinois reported $10 million in assistance.

That box on Mercy's IRS form is blank.

Regardless of how much Mercy loaned last year, the amount this year should be
about $250,000, Johnson said. "Yes, it's going to take a while, but like a
snowball, you start small and keep growing."

- - -

Johnson, a former Ohio businessman who declared personal bankruptcy in 1996,
started Mercy Foundation Group in 2009.

At the time, he was embroiled in controversy over his Seed America Foundation.
It too bought distressed properties, but its charitable goal was to raise money
to establish a business school based on what Johnson called Christian values.

Seed America expanded rapidly, employing about 60 people and holding properties
worth about $50 million by 2008. As the credit dried up during the recession,
the foundation had a hard time getting enough cash to finance its day-to-day
operations, let alone fulfill its charitable mission.

"It's an odd and disconcerting model," Dean Zerbe, who advised the U.S. Senate
on charity issues, told the Chronicle of Philanthropy in 2008 for a critical
story on Seed America. Regulators should have been paying more attention to the
organization, Zerbe said.

In 2010, Seed America laid off all of its employees and declared bankruptcy with
$16.6 million in debts. One lender accused Johnson of demolishing an Illinois
factory, selling the scrap metal for $370,000 and improperly pocketing money
that should have gone to creditors. A bankruptcy judge ordered a U.S. marshal to
retrieve more than $100,000 in cash from Johnson's Apollo Beach home.

Within two years of Seed America's collapse, Johnson bought Get Motivated
Seminars, a Tampa company that hired notable speakers such as Bill Cosby, former
first lady Laura Bush and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani for motivational
events. As Bloomberg News reported, the daylong seminars were actually vehicles
for investment firms to sell courses in stock options and other risky trading
tactics.

Get Motivated shut down in mid 2012, throwing dozens of people out of work and
leaving millions in unpaid bills, records show.

That left Johnson with his Mercy Foundation. According to its IRS filing, it has
just four officers and directors: Johnson, his wife, Lindsay, Dave Murphy and
Michael Pink.

Murphy is a pastor in Brandon. Pink, who lives in Sarasota, is described on his
website as an author, a speaker and a corporate sales trainer known for
"teaching biblical models for the sales process."

That Mercy has only four board members and that only two, Murphy and Pink, could
be considered independent, is a "red flag right off the bat," said Miniutti of
Charity Navigator.

"You're talking about a lot of money here, at least on this (IRS form) and not
to have a more diverse board is troublesome," she said. "There's a definite lack
of oversight."

Johnson said he and his wife get no salary from Mercy. The IRS filing shows that
the couple deferred $290,000 in compensation and loaned Mercy $852,767, which
was used to buy distressed properties, Johnson said.

"When we started, no one was willing to loan money to do these types of deals.
It just required a commitment from people within the company to really get it
going."

Johnson, who is still trying to settle a $11 million lawsuit against him
stemming from Get Motivated's demise, is vague about where he and his wife got
the money to loan to Mercy. "I've acquired companies and done well with some,
done poor with some" is all he would say.

Miniutti said loaning to a nonprofit is not unheard of, especially with a new
organization, but is still unusual.

"There is just the concern that without a diverse board, what is going on?" she
said. "Are they going to be funneling money back out of the charity? Is there
oversight? What's really going on here?"

Johnson knows there might be skepticism about Mercy given the problems with Seed
America. But he said there is a key difference between the two organizations.

"Seed America relied a lot on bank financing and it was very heavily leveraged,
and that was a huge mistake," he said. "Mercy is not in that position."

Wouldn't it be easier to raise money for microloans some way other than through
a highly unusual and complex type of real estate transaction?

"We could have done like everyone else, just raise cash through donations, but
we just thought that approach was very competitive," Johnson said. "This does
require a special set of skills, but the objective over the long term is to be a
very effective process."

Times researchers Carolyn Edds and Caryn Baird contributed to this report.
Contact Susan Taylor Martin at smartin@tampabay.com or (727) 893-8642. Follow
@susanskate.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Courtesy of Mercy Foundation: This 193,000-square-foot
Wisconsin building was acquired by Mercy, which raises money for micro loans by
buying and selling distressed properties. PHOTO - Courtesy of Mercy Foundation:
Mercy, which acquired this 45,000-square-foot Virginia building, did not list
$70,000 in spending on microloans in IRS filings. PHOTO - Courtesy of Mercy
Foundation: Mercy says it has acquired more than 4 million square feet of space,
including this 310,000-square-foot Nebraska warehouse. PHOTO (3): From left,
Bill Cosby, former first lady Laura Bush and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani
all spoke at events for Get Motivated Seminars, which Mercy's owner also used to
own.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 20, 2014

Expanded credit access put in place for farmers

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 367  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) will improve farm loans by expanding
eligibility and increasing lending limits to help more beginning and family
farmers. As part of this effort, USDA is raising the borrowing limit for the
microloan program from $35,000 to $50,000; simplify the lending processes;
updating required "farming experience" to include other valuable experiences;
and expanding eligible business entities to reflect changes in the way family
farms are owned and operated. The changes become effective Nov. 7.

The microloan changes announced will allow beginning, small and mid-sized
farmers to access an additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application
process with up to seven years to repay. Mi-croloans are part of USDA's
continued commitment to small and midsized farming operations.

In addition to farm related experience, other types.of skills may be considered
to meet the direct farming experience required for farm loan eligibility such as
operation or management of a non-farm business, leadership positions while
serving in the military, or advanced education in an agricultural field. Also,
individuals who own farmland under a different legal entity operating the farm
now may be eligible for loans administered by USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA).
Producers will have an opportunity to share suggestions on the microloan
process, and the definitions of farming experience and business structures
through Dec. 8, 2014, the public open comment period.

FSA is also publishing a Federal Register notice to solicit ideas from the
public for pilot projects to help increase the efficiency and effectiveness of
farm loan programs. Comments and ideas regarding potential pilot projects will
be accepted through Nov. 7, 2014.

Since 2010, USDA has made a record amount of farm loans through FSA -- more than
165,000 loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm
loans now go to beginning farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending
to socially disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

These programs were made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill, which builds on
historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 Turtle Mountain Star


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Go shopping and support startup businesses at Thursday event

BYLINE: Eric Schwartzberg, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 246 words


Aug. 03--Supports to Encourage Low-income Families is scheduled to host its
second annual Small Business Expo from 5 to 9 p.m. Thursday, during Alive After
Five in Hamilton.

The Expo, which will be held at STARTEK, 150 High St., showcases graduates of
the Butler County Microenterprise and Microloan Program.

Past program graduates and budding entrepreneurs who will be selling products
Thursday include:

Freddy's Cookies

Creating Sacred Space LLC

Narratus Creative

Extreme Christian Entertainment LLC

Brandilice Boutique

TRANSPORT-U

Sharp Professional Painting Company

Rose of Sharon Salon and Spa

Club 50+

Robert's Imhoff Auto Salvage

Wonderfully Made Beau'tique & Glam Parties

Room4Life

Bee U Retail and Consignment

While the small business showcase is being held in Hamilton, it is open to the
public from throughout Butler County and elsewhere.

"Attendees will learn more about small businesses in their communities and show
business owners their support," said Jerry Brown, asset building coordinator for
SELF.

Three area nonprofits -- SELF, the Butler County Small Business Development
Center and Neighborhood Housing Services of Hamilton -- collaborated to start
the microenterprise and microloan program in 2011. Over 190 people have been
served by the microloan program and 43 businesses have started or expanded in
the past four years.

___ (c)2016 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160803-HL-Go-shopping-and-support-startup-businesses-at-Thursday-event-0803-20
160803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2016 The Journal-News


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

Why Bad Credit Is No Longer a Barrier to Business Loans

LENGTH: 713  words

DATELINE: San Bruno


AllBusiness experts has issued the following press release:

There was a time when if you didn't have a credit score of at least 650, you
couldn't get a business loan

Even as recently as 2013, reports indicated that over 63 percent of small
business owners most often looked to traditional banks when seeking to borrow
capital. Yet only a dismal 27 percent of these respondents actually succeeded in
attaining a traditional bank loan.

Fortunately for many small business owners, traditional banks are no longer the
only available source of capital. With the recent growth in online alternative
lenders, you now have more options for acquiring funding, even if you are turned
down by traditional sources. And because alternative lenders consider multiple
factors when offering a loan, including the borrowing company's revenue and cash
flow, your credit score alone doesn't hold such overwhelming weight. For
example, if you can offer collateral on the loan -- such as your home or other
property, business equipment, or even inventory -- this can offset the impact of
a low credit score.

Here are a few examples of the alternative borrowing options most commonly
available to entrepreneurs with low or no credit:

Online Term Loan - Most similar to the loans available from traditional banks,
term loans are what typically first come to mind when most people think of small
business lending. These loans are negotiated with a set repayment time of
between 3 months and 10 years, a set number of payments, and can have fixed or
variable interest rates. But unlike term loans from a traditional bank, non-bank
lenders are more flexible in considering multiple factors to determine term loan
eligibility. Borrowers can use a commercial term loan to meet a variety of
business needs including buying more inventory, purchasing equipment, or paying
off other debts.

Microloan - Available through certain non-profit organizations or through the
Small Business Administration's Microloan program, these loans of up to $50,000
are designed to help women and minorities start small businesses. Microloans are
typically more lenient toward business owners with bad credit or no credit
histories, but are more selective in the types of businesses and demographics
they serve.

Merchant Cash Advance (MCA) - This is a lump sum of short term capital offered
to a business owner in exchange for a portion of the company's future credit
card sales. Upon entering the loan agreement the lender will automatically
withdraw an agreed to percentage of the company's daily credit card transactions
until the loan is repaid plus interest. MCA loans are often a great option for
seasonal businesses as the rate of repayment is proportional to current sales,
so owners aren't faced with large payments due at times when revenue is low.

Invoice Factoring - Lenders who offer invoice factoring essentially purchase a
percentage of the borrowing company's outstanding receivables, offering an
immediate cash advance of around 80 percent of the borrower's total invoice
balance. The factor (or lender) collects their processing fee from the remaining
20 percent, as well as a "factor fee" dependent on the time until the invoice is
paid. Invoice factoring can be a valuable option for companies with a large
number of outstanding receivables as an addition to offering cash quickly,
invoice factoring companies also take over the collections process from the
business owner.

Of course, there is no perfect borrowing solution, and each of these alternative
loan options do have downsides. They typically carry higher interest rates and
more fees than traditional bank loans -- so whenever borrowing, it's important
for you consider all the options and weigh the costs and associated benefits of
any loan.

No matter what, having a low credit score will always make it harder to attain a
small business loan. That's why in spite of these new options, it is still
important you do everything you can to maintain good credit. Finding the best
available funding will always be easier with a higher credit score, but it is
nice to know that there are more borrowing alternatives available than was once
the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                               May 9, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Creative sources of seed money;
Small businesses get crafty, bypass banks

BYLINE: Laura Petrecca, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1566 words


Lucy Valena was ready to brew up a java juggernaut.

The barista had tenacity, passion and a robust interest in all things
caffeinated. But she lacked one necessary element to launch her own coffee
business: cash.

She didn't have the  savings,  nor the collateral for a loan.

"I didn't know where to start," she says. "I didn't have a house. I didn't have
a car. It was so overwhelming."

She sought help from the Small Business Administration, which put forth an
unusual solution: Get the coffee money from a beer man.

Her adviser suggested she look into the Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream
program, which provides microloans to food-, beverage- and hospitality-related
entrepreneurs. Valena did, and received $4,000.

The loan funded espresso catering service Voltage Coffee, which  "allowed me to
meet people and make a name for the company," she says.

As that business grew, she secured  $150,000 in venture capital. Last November,
Valena had a coffeehouse to call her own: Voltage Coffee & Art opened in
Cambridge, Mass.

Capital is critical to launching and growing a small business. Yet, getting a
bank loan can be a frustrating and often fruitless process.

As  credit became more difficult to obtain during the downturn, many
entrepreneurs tapped into alternative financing such as microloans, peer-to-peer
lending and crowdfunding. Banks have since eased lending terms,  but business
owners are still exploring non-traditional financing.

With some research,  entrepreneurs can find unexpected loan providers, business
grants, online lists of angel investors and business plan competitions that dole
out cash prizes.

"A whole bunch of options have opened up," says Paul Kedrosky, a senior fellow
at  Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation, where he focuses on entrepreneurship,
innovation and capital markets. "People have gotten much more comfortable with
providing and receiving capital in new ways."

Cash without the banks

In the peer-to-peer and crowdfunding areas, lenders and borrowers never have to
meet face-to-face. Transactions are done online.

Peer-to-peer sites  connect individual borrowers with lenders and take a fee for
the  service. Lending Club, for instance, takes a 2% to 5% cut for "providing
the services of screening borrowers and issuing the loans."

Lending Club borrowers apply online through a free application process. They
supply financial information, background details and explain why the funds are
needed (i.e., to start a business or pay off credit card debt).

Most applicants don't get their loans funded  26,740 loans have been accepted,
and 267,194 have been declined  but those who do get the money quickly. Usually,
cash is deposited in the borrower's bank account within 10 days of an
application's acceptance.

Crowdfunding sites usually pool a large number of small loans or donations. The
sites vary, but one of the most known, Kickstarter.com, posts details on
creative projects that range from producing a movie to opening a vegan
restaurant.

Backers don't get their money back or interest. Instead they receive a "reward"
such as a DVD of the movie produced.

"We shy away from the word 'donation,'" says Kickstarter co-founder Yancey
Strickler. "In a sense, this is commerce. You get something in return."

Kickstarter has an all-or-nothing approach. If a money-seeker doesn't meet his
or her stated fundraising goal, no funding is given and backers aren't charged.

"It's a good way to know if the idea has value or not," Strickler says.He adds
that it's also "hard to complete a project on an incomplete budget."

Some folks back a project because they know the money-seeker or run in the same
circles as that person. Others want to get involved with cool initiatives.

And there are also those who feel an affinity for the project after reading the
back story online. Backers get "that warm and fuzzy feeling" when supporting
someone's dreams, Strickler says.

About 43% of Kickstarter initiatives are successfully funded. The firm  takes a
5% cut from successful projects and uses  Amazon Payments to funnel the rest to
the cash-seeker's bank account.

In the two years since Kickstarter's launch, close to 592,000 people have helped
to back more than 7,500 successful projects.

Another popular site, Kiva.com, has aspects of crowdfunding and microlending.
Lenders select a project that interests them and contribute funds in $25
increments. The money is combined to finance loan requests. Lenders don't
receive interest, but they can get their original pledge money back, resubmit it
for another loan or donate it to Kiva's operational expenses.

Non-profit Kiva, which distributes loans through regional microfinance
institutions, has raised $211 million for worldwide projects.  Nearly 550,000
entrepreneurs have received loans. The repayment rate is 99%.

Unconventional popularity

Many of these services were around before the downturn, but the recession
super-fueled their growth, says Steve Strauss, author of the
soon-to-be-published book Get Your Business Funded: Creative Methods for Getting
the Money You Need.

During tough economic times, cash-strapped entrepreneurs were willing to
experiment with unconventional financing, he says. They sought out microloan
providers, business plan competitions and crowdfunding sites.

As demand for capital rose, so did the financing options. "Necessity is the
mother of invention," Strauss says. "People needed money, so new ideas came
out."

Kiva, for instance, expanded its international-only microloan program to the
U.S. in mid-2009 to help small businesses that had trouble getting bank loans.

The year prior, Jim Koch launched the Sam Adams microloan program in partnership
with not-for-profit microlending group Accion USA. It funds entrepreneurs who
show potential, but may not have the collateral or credit scores to get a bank
loan.

Luiz de Lima is among the five dozen entrepreneurs who have benefited from the
program. He used a $5,000 microloan to launch a  hot dog business that serves
Brazilian-themed frankfurters in the Amesbury beach area of Massachusetts.

The Web makes it possible

The digital revolution has made it easier to explore and secure alternative
financing.

Lenders have gotten comfortable with using Amazon Payments, PayPal and other
accounts to transfer money online. And, as overall use of the Web rises, so does
the ability for entrepreneurs to plead their case to potential backers.

Scott Wilson's Kickstarter posting said that he wanted to raise $15,000 in 30
days to produce  watchbands that securely hold an iPod Nano.  Wilson's design
enables the Apple device to become the watch face.

He described his  watch kits and offered tiered rewards. Those who pledged $25
would get a basic watch kit, and those that pledged more would receive even more
bounty, such as kits with the Nano included.

Thirty days after the posting, more than 13,000 backers pledged $941,718.

There's also the convenience that goes into online borrowing: Small-business
owners don't have to go to a bank for a loan. They can put out feelers from the
comfort of their homes.

"We do everything in a digital way: You can apply online at 2 in the morning if
you can't sleep," says Lending Club CEO Renaud Laplanche. "We're open 24/7. You
can do it from any place you are comfortable in."

Be on the lookout

The plethora of financing options means more fundraising opportunities.  But it
also brings about a larger chance of getting burned by high interest rates,
hidden service fees and other unexpected costs.

"Some  are riskier than others, and some have a higher cost of capital than
others," says Andrew Sherman, a partner at  law firm Jones Day and a specialist
in business financing. "It's not just what capital is available; it's what
capital is available at what cost."

He suggests that borrowers run financing details past professional counsel, such
as an accountant or lawyer, to make sure the deal makes  sense and doesn't
violate  Securities and Exchange Commission rules.

Borrowers should also keep an eye out for scam artists.

"Any time you have small-business owners desperate for capital there are going
to be people with high moral ethics and integrity  and there are going to be
bottom feeders," Sherman says.

Be wary of unsolicited loan offers that come via the phone or e-mail,
small-business experts say. Borrowers should also review any potential lender's
references, and be sure to get details on who the money was raised for, and at
what terms.

And while there are more financing options out there, that doesn't mean a
business owner should partake in any, Sherman says.

"Many small-business owners think they need capital, and they really don't," he
says.

Instead, they should think more creatively and consider "bootstrapping options,"
such as bartering for goods or pooling resources with other businesses.

"Sure, go out there and test the capital markets, but also think outside the
box," Sherman says. "Look at all your options: Some may include not raising
capital at all."

Websites such as StartupAmericaPartnership.org and the recently revamped SBA.gov
have information on how to get free and discounted services. Small-business
advisers, such as a local Chamber of Commerce or Small Business Development
Center, can also provide guidance.

Small-business owners often "get focused on the end, not necessarily the means,"
Sherman says. "Most will assume that the means is raising capital  and it may be
but not always."

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Grant T. Morris for USA TODAY
PHOTO, Color

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 20, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

These gift cards can help pay for college

BYLINE: Hadley Malcolm, @hadleypdxdc, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 421 words


"Just send money" may be an oft-attributed young adult phrase, especially around
the holidays, but several companies are now helping gift-givers do just that.

And instead of sending someone a check that may never be put toward its intended
purpose, online companies such as GradSave and Kiva have systems in place that
let you make direct donations to a child's 529 college savings plan or a
microloan.

Both offer gift cards that are catching on as alternatives to traditional
holiday gifts.

GradSave has seen a "drastic increase" in gift card purchases in the past month,
says spokeswoman Samantha McShine. The site links to members' 529 college
savings plans and offers digital and physical gift cards that come with
redemption codes that recipients enter online to transfer the money.

Natasha Duwin, 46, set up GradSave accounts for both her sons, ages 5 and 7, a
couple of months ago and is asking relatives to give GradSave gift cards instead
of toys for Christmas this year.

GradSave is trying to help parents "start saving as soon as possible," says CEO
Marcos Cordero, who calls the cards a "meaningful stocking stuffer."

Other sites, such as Kiva, let you give microloans through gift cards starting
at $25. Microloans go to low-income borrowers and entrepreneurs, often in
foreign countries, to help them start or maintain businesses. Card recipients
browse through online profiles to choose to whom to lend.

Since the start of November, Kiva has sold more than 18,000 gift cards. Last
year, Kiva Card purchases made during the holiday season made up 60% of the
total value of all cards purchased in 2011, says spokesman Jason Riggs.

This is the third year Tom Shalvarjian will give Kiva Cards to family friends
for the holidays.

"It's something that continues to involve them in the gift," he says of the
cards. Once Kiva loans are repaid  by the borrower, the funds can be re-lent to
someone else, making the process a continuous cycle.

Other sites are popping up to help student-loan borrowers take donations from
family or friends. For the holidays Ellie Norris, 31, is asking family to donate
to her and her husband's accounts on Lily's List, a website that links to
members' student-loan accounts.

"That's a way better gift for me personally than anything you could buy at the
store," says Norris, who works as an occupational therapist in Dallas.

And that's why monetary donations for loans or college savings are becoming
popular, Cordero says.

"People want to be able to give gifts that last," he says, "that are momentous."


LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Reading City Council members oppose having city run small-business loan program

BYLINE: Dan Kelly, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 733 words


Jan. 10--Reading, PA

A move by the Scott administration to have a $280,000 small-business loan
program handled by the city's Community Development Department instead of a
third-party banker met with stiff resistance Monday at a City Council committee
of the whole meeting.

Because of opposition from Councilwomen Donna Reed, vice president, and Marcia
Goodman-Hinnershitz, chairwoman of the finance committee, President Jeffrey S.
Waltman Sr. agreed to remove the microloan program from the agenda of the full
council meeting held later Monday.

A resolution authorizing Mayor Wally Scott to rescind an agreement to transfer
the city's microloan program to the Community First Fund and bring
administration of the fund in-house was set for a vote before Reed,
Goodman-Hinnershitz and other raised concerns about how politics might control
the loan process if it were handled by city employees instead of a third-party
banker.

Under the program, the city plans to use $280,000 in community development block
grant, or CDBG, funds from the state and federal governments to make loans of up
to $35,000 each to small-business owners in the city.

The loans could be used to fund building improvements, expand or increase
inventory to make existing small businesses more viable.

City Managing Director W. Glenn Steckman III said one concern that Scott had
with the Community First management plan was that it intended to charge
small-business owners up to 8 percent interest on the city's CDBG grant funds.

Steckman said the city would only charge 3 percent interest for a loan.

Steckman also said that Community First couldn't promise that it would have a
representative at Monday morning meetings where city officials from all
departments meet with citizens to address their concerns.

Some of those concerns involve small-business owners seeking financial help from
the city.

Councilman Brian Twyman asked how the loans would be approved.

Alejandro Palacios, director of the Community Development Department, said a
loan committee would be selected by the Scott administration and approved by
council, if necessary.

The committee would evaluate each loan application and each applicant's ability
to repay the funds, Palacios said.

He provided council with a seven-page list of instructions on how the microloan
program would work if it were run in-house.

"First of all, I'm not going to be able to read this between now and 7 p.m. when
the (regular) meeting begins," Goodman-Hinnershitz said. "I'm also concerned
about the liability the city might be taking on in becoming a lender."

Councilman John Slifko was concerned about politics creeping into the process.

"Historically, this has been a problem with the city handling loans," Slifko
said. "I like the idea of this being handled by a third party rather than
in-house. And, Community First can leverage our $280,000 into a bigger pool of
money. I'm not sure the city can do that."

Reed said that she thinks bringing the loan program in-house and having city
employees decide who does or does not get loans is fraught with potential
problems.

"I see this as one big mess," Reed said. "Let the mechanics of loans go to those
organizations that know it best. This puts up so many red flags to me.

"To me it's not anything more than political pay-to-play money. To me it is a
problem and we should stay as far away from it as we can."

Steckman said the city has been without a microloan program for almost a year so
he saw no problem in delaying a vote on the resolution for a week or two until
council members can get their questions answered.

However, he said he still thinks the city would do a better job administering
the program, especially at the lower interest rate.

Waltman asked City Clerk Linda Kelleher to officially remove the resolution from
the agenda until further notice.

City officials met with the Community First administrators last April and seemed
to receive the Lancaster-based bank's proposal favorably.

It was unclear when the Scott administration decided running the microloan
program in-house was a better idea.

Contact Dan Kelly: 610-371-5040 or dkelly@readingeagle.com

Dan Kelly -- Reporter/columnist

Reporter Dan Kelly covers City Hall for the Reading Eagle.

Phone: 610-371-5040

Email: dkelly@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2017 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170110-RE-Reading-City-Council-members-oppose-having-city-run-small-business-l
oan-program-0110-20170110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2017 Reading Eagle


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                    November 12, 2015 Thursday 11:30 AM GMT

Washington's Three Horse Shoes pub opens with microbrewery following £40,000
funding;
Landlady Sharon Deehan has turned the venue into what she hopes will become a
top North East gastro pub

BYLINE: By Tom Keighley

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 266 words


Washington pub the Three Horse Shoes has opened with a combined microbrewery,
following a £40,000 slice of funding.

Landlady Sharon Deehan bought the premises in December 2014 with the view to
building it into a top North East gastro pub.

Now a £40,000 loan from the Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund,
managed by Rivers Capital Partners, has helped the entrepreneur to revamp the
venue.

Ms Deehan has used the funding to refurbish and restore the furnishings and to
establish the microbrewery that will produce beer to be sold in-house.

The pub - which is located just off the A1 near Houghton le Spring - will offer
local beers, cognacs and whiskies and food from 12pm, seven days a week.

Ms Deehan, who has run successful pub ventures before, spotted the potential for
the century old pub and it's restaurant, known as the "backroom", that features
a wood burning stove and a new outdoor seating area.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "It is a
charismatic building with a vibrant atmosphere. It is great to see the Microloan
Fund is able to help maintain such a historic, local structure. I hope Sharon
will achieve her previous success with this new venture."

The North East Microloan Fund - financed by the European Regional Development
Fund and managed by Rivers Capital Partners - offers loans of £1,000 - £50,000
to businesses that often struggle to gain financial support from mainstream
lenders. Rivers base their decisions upon the quality of the business, rather
than their assets.

A successful applicant can receive their loan on average in just two weeks.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             April 15, 2005 Friday

Bush and Small-Business Loans

BYLINE: Vina Nguyen Ha and Mary Ann Mitchell

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. 11 Vol. 170 No. 72

LENGTH: 575  words


President Bush has portrayed himself as a strong ally of small businesses

and especially of minority-owned firms. He frequently touts small-business

entrepreneurs as the engine that drives America's economy, and points out

that the majority of new jobs in America are created by small businesses.

So you would assume that the Bush administration would bend over backward

to support small businesses and entrepreneurs. It has not.

The President has said that the role of government is to "inspire" and to

"help" small businesses, but his proposed budget does the opposite: It takes

an ax to the Small Business Administration's funding and would cut the

microloan program, which has helped thousands obtain the capital to start a

business.

The microloan program has been an essential first step for many

entrepreneurs who lack the money, credit history, or collateral to borrow

from a commercial bank.

Under the program, the SBA makes funds available to nonprofit

intermediaries that in turn make loans of up to $35,000. Last year 2,400

entrepreneurs received $33 million of loans under the program, and over its

life it has made loans to more than 15,000 businesses.

In addition, the program's technical assistance grants can be credited

for nurturing thousands of businesses, and the program has helped create

training modules for businesses that serving emerging minority markets.

The microloan program is not the only one being threatened.

Last October, the SBA's guaranteed loan program was shifted to fee-only,

meaning that it now relies solely on fees from the lenders and borrowers

rather than from subsidies.

As a result, fees have increased to almost double on some loans and many

lenders are opting out of the program. This has worsened declining bank

participation in the guaranteed loan program. In 2001, 5,000 banks made

SBA-backed loans, twice the number that did so in 2004.

Moreover, with a proposed budget that is 13% smaller than the previous

year; our fear is that the SBA will be unable to assist unrepresented

minority-owned firms through its flagship guaranteed loan program. Though SBA

Administrator Hector Barreto is correct in pointing out that lending to

minority-owned firms has grown in the past year, minority-owned firms are

still underserved by the program. For example, African-American-owned firms

received just 3% of all SBA loan dollars, and Latino-owned firms just 7%.

These figures are abysmal given that the guaranteed loan program was

originally meant to assist minority-owned firms. The slash-and-burn approach

to the SBA's budget and the move to fee-only loans cast serious doubt on the

agency's ability to work with financial institutions to make more loans to

minority-owned firms.

President Bush is right to champion small business but wrong to cut

programs that benefit them. The small-business community and the financial

institutions that serve them need a clear signal from his administration that

its rhetoric corresponds with its funding priorities.

Reversing the cuts to the SBA's budget and increasing the funding in the

microloan program would show that the President is truly committed to keeping

the engine of America's economy running.

Mr. Ha is the economic policy manager at the Greenlining Institute in Berkeley,
Calif. Ms. Mitchell is the board chairwoman of the National Council of Black
Businesses in Culver City, Calif.

Copyright 2005 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.

http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2005 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                        May 19, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

The Boston Beer Company: Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream Returns to San
Francisco to Host Small Business Speed Coaching

LENGTH: 719  words


May 19 -- Samuel Adams announced it will host small business Speed Coaching in
San Francisco on Monday, May 19th as part of Samuel Adams Brewing the American
Dream, a micro-lending and coaching program for small business owners working in
food, beverage, craft brewing and hospitality.



The Speed Coaching event will be held from 7:00-9:30 PDT at SOMArts (934 Brannan
St.), and provides one-of-a-kind access to business industry experts. Attendees
will be able to participate in up to six 20-minute, high-impact sessions with
coaches in areas such as sales and distribution, packaging, finance, and
marketing.

In San Francisco, Samuel Adams coaches will be joined by experts from
Opportunity Fund, California's leading microfinance provider, and other local
business experts. Small business owners working in food, beverage, hospitality
and craft brewing can register online for the free event at
http://btadsf.eventbrite.com, and are encouraged to come prepared with questions
regarding specific business challenges they face. They are also encouraged to
bring samples of packaging, point of sale material, and other items on which
they seek feedback.

"We're looking forward to bringing our Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream
Speed Coaching back to San Francisco," said Jim Koch, founder and brewer of
Samuel Adams. "It's great to work with and support these passionate small
business owners who make up San Francisco's booming food and beverage
community."

Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream coaching and mentoring has already had a
positive impact on the community.  Just ask Jim Woods, owner of San Francisco
craft brewery MateVeza. Woods worked with Samuel Adams experts on a number of
different business issues including ingredients sourcing strategies, and from
that collaboration he was able to secure and sign his first hops contract.

Year-Round Lending Spurs Success

In addition to coaching, Samuel Adams Brewing the American Dream supports the
San Francisco small business community year-round by working with microlender
Opportunity Fund to provide microloans to small business owners who are often
shut out of traditional lending institutions due to lack of credit, the small
size of the loan request, or the volatile nature of the food and beverage
industry. Brewing the American Dream, in partnership with Opportunity Fund, is
able to see beyond these barriers to provide microloans to viable small
businesses to help them grow and succeed. Two of the most recent loan recipients
include:

* Victor Valenzuela, owner of V+M Ice Cream, ran a successful ice cream truck
for more than 14 years before he decided to open a storefront location. He
needed additional capital to make it a success, and was able to secure a Brewing
the American Dream loan through Opportunity Fund to help purchase equipment and
increase marketing initiatives.

* Alicia Villanueva, owner of Tamales Los Mayas, emigrated from Mexico in 2010,
and brought her love for cooking homemade tamales with her. She began selling
them from a street cart, but dreamed of expanding her business. Through Brewing
the American Dream, her dream is now becoming a reality. With a $15,000
microloan through the program, Alicia will be able to purchase a pick-up truck
to deliver orders and keep up with increasing demand. As Alicia put it, "I am
truly living the American Dream."

"Opportunity Fund is proud to partner with Samuel Adams Brewing the American
Dream to help more Bay Area entrepreneurs access microloans that make a macro
impact," said Eric Weaver, CEO of Opportunity Fund. "As demonstrated by Brewing
the American Dream loan recipients like Victor Valenzuela, these funds allow
owners to grow their small businesses and create more jobs throughout the
region."

Raise a Pint to Brew a Dream in San Francisco

Samuel Adams also recently announced the kick-off to "Raise a Pint, Brew a
Dream," a month-long program providing an opportunity for drinkers in San
Francisco, and across the country, to support small businesses by simply
enjoying a Samuel Adams Boston Lager. As part of the initiative, throughout the
month of May Samuel Adams will donate five cents to the Samuel Adams Brewing the
American Dream microloan fund at Accion for every Samuel Adams Boston Lager
draft sold at participating bars and restaurants across the country.*

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                                February 2, 2009

Where to go when the bank says no: A guide to seeking out alternative sources of
financing

BYLINE: Liz Wolf

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1279  words


The credit crunch is making it tougher than ever for small businesses to secure
a commercial bank loan. Many banks are tightening their lending criteria and
pulling back on small-business lending to reduce their risk.

Furthermore, the number of loans backed by the U.S. Small Business
Administration (SBA) plummeted, meaning fewer entrepreneurs are receiving
funding to launch or expand businesses.

During the first quarter of its 2009 fiscal year -- which is the last three
months of 2008 -- the SBA decreased the total number of loans it backed
nationally by 57 percent from 2008 and 62 percent from 2007. The actual loan
values also dropped by 40 percent. In Minnesota, SBA lending is down 30 percent,
said Melvin Aanerud, district assistant director of the SBA.

So what does a startup or existing business do to shore up capital? What if a
business wants to benefit from the real estate downturn and buy property at a
reduced price or buy out a struggling firm at a discount? While most banks are
making it tougher to borrow, there are places to look for financing.

"We're seeing an increase in the use of alternative financing," said Mike Ryan,
director of the Small Business Development Center at the University of St.
Thomas, which provides free business-consulting services to entrepreneurs. The
center is funded in part by the SBA and the Minnesota Department of Employment
and Economic Development (DEED). Alternative financing includes everything from
factoring and microloans to asset-based lending and purchase order financing.
Unfortunately, these financing methods oftentimes come with a higher price, Ryan
said.

"They're more expensive and you often have to jump through more hoops," he
explained. However, with conventional loans becoming more difficult to obtain,
alternative funding can be a lifeline for entrepreneurs needing cash.

Use your assets

Ryan said one option is asset-based loans, which are secured by accounts
receivable, inventory or other assets. These loans are most commonly used by
manufacturers, distributors and business services providers.

"Say you have a big order with 3M, which owes you $100,000, an asset-based
lender will lend you part of that using the accounts receivable and the
inventory as collateral for your loan," Ryan explained. Asset-based financing
can offer a way for fast-growing, cash-strapped businesses to meet short-term
financing needs.

"However, it's more expensive and has a higher level of reporting to the bank
than a conventional loan, and it won't work for startups," Ryan added. "Also, if
your receivables drop, your line of credit drops. "

Many big banks, like Wells Fargo and US Bank, have big operations offering
asset-based lending, said Charles Schaffer, director of DEED's Small Business
Assistance Office. "Asset-based lending," he said, "certainly is on the rise. "

Factoring is another alternative financing source. It's similar to asset-based
lending; however, the big difference is the lender agrees to buy the accounts
receivable in exchange for a cash advance.

Factoring is used by businesses with cash-flow problems that are waiting for
customers to pay. The factor assumes the credit risk for the outstanding
invoices. A business typically receives 60 to 80 percent of its invoices' face
value upfront. Once the factor collects, the business will get back the rest,
less interest rates and fees. Any type of business with accounts receivable is
qualified, but common businesses using factoring include manufacturers,
construction companies and trucking companies. Like asset-based financing,
factoring costs more than conventional lending.

"There's a glove manufacturer in Minnesota that every year at the same time runs
out of cash and sells its accounts receivable to get over that timeframe,"
Aanerud pointed out.

One of the most expensive and riskiest options is to purchase order financing,
Ryan said. This is used when a company has a purchase order and needs money to
fill it. The purchase order company may assume both the production risk and the
collection risk. Unlike bank financing, purchase order funding doesn't depend on
a business' financial strength, but on the financial strength of its customers.

"There's a very high interest rate charged and lots of paperwork," Ryan warns,
"and it has to be a solid gold customer. "

In all of these cases, Ryan said companies must be selling primarily to other
businesses or the government - they're business-to-business. They won't work for
retailers or restaurants.

Smaller can be better

Another option is a microloan, which is a small loan of $35,000 or less provided
to entrepreneurs who often can't obtain funding elsewhere. Microloans typically
carry a higher interest rate than bank loans, but often are subsidized by
federal, state and local grants. The SBA, for example, provides federal funds to
nonprofit community lenders through its microloan program. Microlenders often
focus on a particular group, like lending to minority or female entrepreneurs.
Two local examples are WomenVenture and the Minneapolis Consortium of Community
Developers. A microloan can be used for working capital, inventory, supplies,
furniture, machinery or equipment.

Equipment leasing is another way to free up working capital. "Leasing makes
sense when cash is tight," Ryan said. "Also, you're better off leasing if you're
a startup. "

By leasing, a company doesn't have the hefty upfront costs if it had purchased
the equipment outright. Instead, it has a flat monthly payment over the lease
term. Another advantage to leasing is when the lease term ends, equipment can be
upgraded. Also, some lease agreements cover various repairs or maintenance.
Furthermore, many lease agreements offer options to purchase the equipment at
the end of the lease term. The disadvantage is leasing tends to cost more than
buying equipment over several years. Also, once the lease expires, a business
doesn't own anything.

Personal credit cards are always an option to finance a business, but "you're
often borrowing at 20 percent," Ryan said. "I always tell people to keep their
day jobs when they do a startup. "

Turning to a company's suppliers might also be an alternative for cash-strapped
entrepreneurs. Suppliers may be willing to extend a company's credit to get it
through a tough financial time. "Be honest with your supplier," Aanerud
suggested. "Call them and say you're in a crunch. Don't hide. Make them part of
your solution. "

Peer-to-peer networks may be another source of alternative financing.
Entrepreneurs can join trade groups and network with other entrepreneurs in
their industry, who may be searching for strategic partnerships and be willing
to put up some money.

Angel investors and venture capitalists are other sources of capital, although
they tend to invest in burgeoning industries like biotech. Of course, the
entrepreneur then has to be willing to give up some ownership or control of
his/her business. Angel investors invest their own personal money in a business,
while venture capital money typically comes from institutional sources. Angels
also invest in startups and early-stage businesses, while venture capitalists
favor more established businesses.

"My suggestion for companies looking for funding is to start with the Small
Business Development Centers," Aanerud said. In addition to the St. Thomas
center, there are eight more statewide. "They know who's lending and what
financing is available.

"It's not an easy time, but there's still money out there; you can still
borrow," he added. "It's hard, but if you can find the resources when it's
difficult, think how easy it will be when things pick up. If you survive this,
it will be gravy. "

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Tips for all sizes and sectors

BYLINE: Rock Spence, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Growth Curve; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 800 words


Looking for a bank loan or a $500,000 equity infusion? Or would you like to
crowdsource some cash on the Internet? A financial forum staged by Enterprise
Toronto last week offered fundraising tips for entrepreneurs of all sizes and
sectors.

The No. 1 takeaway: Raising capital ain't easy. On a panel representing the full
spectrum of financial resources, the banker, community-fund manager,
crowdfunding consultant, angel investor and venture capitalist all agreed the
biggest mistake prospective clients make is thinking the process will be easier
than it is. Yes, these funders want to do business with you. But they have
terms, standards, qualifications and limits you have to meet, and that will
require preparation, analysis and clear thinking on your part.

As keynote speaker Jacoline Loewen told the more than 100 forum attendees, the
growth projections and marketing plans you prepare for funders' scrutiny
represent essential thinking about your business. Even if you don't score
capital with every meeting, going through this process will strengthen your
business and make you that much more attractive to the next lender or investor.

Here are some key takeaways from the sessions I attended:

Keep up! There are new forms of financing coming on stream all the time, to
address specific needs or market niches. This was the first time I had seen a
financial panel that included microloans and crowdfunding - two new and very
different sources of capital for those who have trouble raising conventional
financing.

Can't get a bank loan for your startup? Ontario's Trillium Foundation bankrolls
several community funds that provide low-cost microloans to qualifying
entrepreneurs. (In general, you should own 51% of your business, it's helpful to
have taken business courses, and you must use the loan to expand your business
not pay off debt.) Panelist Michael Scotland of Toronto's Access Community
Capital Fund said first-time microloans are available for as much as $5,000, at
interest rates just 1.5 percentage points above prime (plus a 5% administration
fee). If you pay off your first loan, Access may provide subsequent loans up to
$10,000.

Sweating over a business plan to impress your banker? Check first to see if it
will be read. Alex Ciancio of TD Business Banking noted that most small-business
lending decisions are based on your credit-worthiness - not your business plan.
Taking good care of your personal credit history is one of the most important
things you do to help your business.

Do you have collateral? Many entrepreneurs seeking bank loans are surprised to
be offered interest rates three or four points over prime. That's because most
rate-related advertising refers to mortgages or credit lines, where borrowers
put up their homes or other assets as security. Lower-cost business loans are
available if you have the collateral to secure them, Ciancio said.

Look closer to home. Although no moms or dads were represented on the panel,
several participants noted that love money - from family and friends - is often
the best first step for entrepreneurs. "It's usually the cheapest and most
flexible money you will ever raise," Ciancio said.

Relatives and pals can also get in on crowdfunding. This is where you create a
pitch on a crowdfunding website, say Kickstarter or Indiegogo, asking people to
support your project, usually in return for the equivalent value in products or
personal services.

Crowdfunding capital isn't free. You have to provide sufficient value to attract
supporters (In Canada, crowd-sourced capital is not equity or debt, it's
essentially a donation). You also have to learn how to tell your story, says
Christopher Charles-worth of HiveWire., because that's what people invest in.

Tell a compelling story. Venture capital and angel money are for the few
companies whose growth trajectory has the potential to give investors a return
of 700% to 1,000%, in about five years. Once again, your challenge is getting
the story right.

Again, cash comes with a cost. Several attendees wondered why investors need
"exits" within five or six years. Why can't they just stay invested in good
companies? "An investment isn't a marriage, it's just a relationship," said
Gerard Buckley, CEO of Jaguar Capital. While several CEOs seemed concerned about
their need to sell the company so venture investors can get their exit, Bram
Sugarman of OMERS Ventures, said founders can stay on if they want. Although if
their companies have had anywhere near the success they were hoping for, the
founder probably won't be able to raise enough cash to buy out the investor.

Still, it's a nice problem to have.

Rick Spence is a writer, consultant and speaker specializing in
entrepreneurship. His column appears weekly in the Financial Post. He can be
reached at rick@rickspence.ca

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Tips for all sizes and sectors

BYLINE: Rick Spence, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & TECHNOLOGY; Growth Curve; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 800 words


Looking for a bank loan or a $500,000 equity infusion? Or would you like to
crowd source some cash on the Internet? A financial forum staged by Enterprise
Toronto last week offered fundraising tips for entrepreneurs of all sizes and
sectors.

The No. 1 takeaway: Raising capital ain't easy. On a panel representing the full
spectrum of financial resources, the banker, community-fund manager, crowd
funding consultant, angel investor and venture capitalist all agreed the biggest
mistake prospective clients make is thinking the process will be easier than it
is. Yes, these funders want to do business with you. But they have terms,
standards, qualifications and limits you have to meet, and that will require
preparation, analysis and clear thinking on your part.

As keynote speaker Jacoline Loewen told the more than 100 forum attendees, the
growth projections and marketing plans you prepare for funders' scrutiny
represent essential thinking about your business. Even if you don't score
capital with every meeting, going through this process will strengthen your
business and make you that much more attractive to the next lender or investor.

Here are some key takeaways from the sessions I attended:

Keep up! There are new forms of financing coming on stream all the time, to
address specific needs or market niches. This was the first time I had seen a
financial panel that included microloans and crowd funding - two new and very
different sources of capital for those who have trouble raising conventional
financing.

Can't get a bank loan for your startup? Ontario's Trillium Foundation bankrolls
several community funds that provide low-cost microloans to qualifying
entrepreneurs. (In general, you should own 51% of your business, it's helpful to
have taken business courses, and you must use the loan to expand your business
not pay off debt.) Panelist Michael Scotland of Toronto's Access Community
Capital Fund said first-time microloans are available for as much as $5,000, at
interest rates just 1.5 percentage points above prime (plus a 5% administration
fee). If you pay off your first loan, Access may provide subsequent loans up to
$10,000.

Sweating over a business plan to impress your banker? Check first to see if it
will be read. Alex Ciancio of TD Business Banking noted that most small-business
lending decisions are based on your credit-worthiness - not your business plan.
Taking good care of your personal credit history is one of the most important
things you do to help your business.

Do you have collateral? Many entrepreneurs seeking bank loans are surprised to
be offered interest rates three or four points over prime. That's because most
rate-related advertising refers to mortgages or credit lines, where borrowers
put up their homes or other assets as security. Lower-cost business loans are
available if you have the collateral to secure them, Ciancio said.

Look closer to home. Although no moms or dads were represented on the panel,
several participants noted that love money - from family and friends - is often
the best first step for entrepreneurs. "It's usually the cheapest and most
flexible money you will ever raise," Ciancio said.

Relatives and pals can also get in on crowdfunding. This is where you create a
pitch on a crowdfunding website, say Kickstarter or Indiegogo, asking people to
support your project, usually in return for the equivalent value in products or
personal services.

Crowdfunding capital isn't free. You have to provide sufficient value to attract
supporters (In Canada, crowd-sourced capital is not equity or debt, it's
essentially a donation). You also have to learn how to tell your story, says
Christopher Charles-worth of HiveWire., because that's what people invest in.

Tell a compelling story. Venture capital and angel money are for the few
companies whose growth trajectory has the potential to give investors a return
of 700% to 1,000%, in about five years. Once again, your challenge is getting
the story right.

Again, cash comes with a cost. Several attendees wondered why investors need
"exits" within five or six years. Why can't they just stay invested in good
companies? "An investment isn't a marriage, it's just a relationship," said
Gerard Buckley, CEO of Jaguar Capital. While several CEOs seemed concerned about
their need to sell the company so venture investors can get their exit, Bram
Sugarman of OMERS Ventures, said founders can stay on if they want. Although if
their companies have had anywhere near the success they were hoping for, the
founder probably won't be able to raise enough cash to buy out the investor.

Still, it's a nice problem to have.

Rick Spence is a writer, consultant and speaker specializing in
entrepreneurship.

His column appears weekly in the Financial Post. He can be reached at
rick@rickspence.ca

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Mistake or Miracle: New evidence on the effects of microcredit

BYLINE: Mercedes White Deseret News

LENGTH: 1284 words


For years microfinance, the practice of making small loans to the poor, has been
lauded as a promising solution for eradicating poverty in the developing world.
The idea is that a small loan could enable some poor people to invest in
business opportunities that could improve their income. For example, a poor
woman might be given a loan to buy goats to produce milk or a sewing machine to
make clothing. The hope is that microloans have the potential to generate enough
income for the recipients that they can both improve their lives and repay the
loans with interest. Enthusiasm for microfinance reached its peak in 2006 when
Muhammad Yunus won the Nobel Peace Prize.

Yunus helped develop the concept as an academic and then began to apply in
Bangladesh through the now famous Grameen Bank. Since then, a growing stream of
criticism has fed a furious debate about the effectiveness and side effects of
offering credit to the extremely poor. A recent study by a group of economists
from MIT and Northwestern on microfinance in Hyderabad, India, provides new
evidence that access to credit does not increase income. However, the same study
suggests that microloans may be improving lives in other ways, such as giving
people in poverty the opportunity to make better long-term financial decisions.
A Controlled Trial Study Despite the fierce debate, until recently rigorous data
on microfinance has been surprisingly sparse, said Cynthia Kinnan, assistant
professor of economics at Northwestern University in Chicago. Part of the
problem is that little data has been gathered on people who qualify for
microloans but don?t actually participate. Without such a comparison group, it
is difficult to draw meaningful conclusions about the causal effects of
microfinance, Kinnan said. Kinnan, along with her colleagues at MIT, Abhijit
Bannerjee, Esther Duflo and Rachel Glennerster, are determined to find a more
precise way of evaluating microfinance. Their proposal is to use randomized
controlled trial techniques (the same approach used by the medical industry to
test the effectiveness of medications) to identify how microcredit programs are
actually working. This would allow them to compare borrowers to non-borrowers in
a more precise way. These researchers conducted a three-year study in Hyderabad.
The team selected neighborhoods to observe based on two criteria, absence of
financial institutions and residents who were desirable potential borrowers ?
?poor, but not the poorest of the poor,? Kinnan said. Loans were offered through
an organization called Spandana, which unlike other microfinance providers, does
not require borrowers to start a business to qualify for a loan. Spandana
charges a 24-percent annual interest rate, which while high by American
standards, is less than what local moneylenders charge. The findings, published
in an April 2013 report, show that ?at the highest level and in the broadest
terms both claims (about microcredit) are true,? said Kinnan. While it hasn?t
cured poverty just yet, that doesn?t mean it is an entirely useless program.
Microloans Do Not Improve Income One of the first things that jumps out in the
summary of findings from the Hyderabad study is that the demand for microloans
wasn?t robust. ?By the end of our three-year study, only 38 percent of
households borrowed,? Kinnan said, "and this is among households selected based
on their relatively high propensity to take up microcredit. These are
neighborhoods that are booming, so if there is any place people have investments
that would yield a 24-percent (return on investment), it would be Hyderabad,?
she added. If microcredit helps people get out of poverty, as proponents argue,
why didn?t more people use it? Kinnan suspects part of the reason is that most
households don?t have a project that will yield a rate of return to make
borrowing worth their while. ?If they borrow 10,000 rupees at the beginning of
the year, they need to have 12,400 rupees at the end of the year,? Kinnan said.
This is difficult for anyone in their first year of business ?but particularly
so in competitive markets where the profit margins are slim,? Kinnan said. Among
those who borrowed money, businesses were started and expanded, but in most
cases this industry did not free borrowers from lives of grinding poverty.
Monthly consumption, the best indicator of overall welfare according to Kinnan,
did not change. Business profit in the vast majority of cases did not increase
either. Kinnan and her colleagues found no evidence in the short or long run
that access to microcredit has a positive impact on education outcomes, health
or women?s empowerment in the short run or long run. Overall, it doesn?t ?paint
a picture of dramatic changes in basic development outcomes for poor families,?
said Kinnan. Microloans Can Improve Spending At first glance these findings make
microcredit programs seem like a complete failure, but Kinnan and her colleagues
are quick to point out some important benefits. Although microcredit doesn?t
increase overall consumption, it does appear to impact the kinds of things
people buy. With a lump sum of money families can invest in durable goods like a
tin roof, a television or a sturdy cooking pot. These goods provide long-term
benefits that result in higher overall welfare when compared to the purely
temporary purchases that the poor might be forced to make without access to
credit. Kinnan and her team found that borrowers were much less likely to spend
their money on temptation goods such as dining out, gambling, cigarettes and
alcohol. When asked why they weren?t spending as much on these things, borrowers
said that regular meetings where everyone in the area repaid their loans made it
easier to resist the lure of luxuries. No one wanted to be the family that shows
up for the meeting without their payment. A change in what people buy may have a
significant impact on their well being. ?Different types of spending have
different utility,? Kinnan said. For example, if someone buys a tin roof that
lasts 50 years they can avoid continuously spending money to fix a thatched
roof. Even if the roof doesn?t provide additional income it can be a wise
investment that allows the family to increase spending on unrelated goods.
Avoiding temptation purchases in favor of saving money may also have a positive
psychological impact on people. In essence overall consumption might not change,
but that doesn?t mean they aren?t doing better. For Esther Duflo, one of
Kinnan?s co-authors on the study, the real problem with microcredit is that
expectations about how quickly and completely microcredit would lift people out
of poverty are unreasonable. In an interview with Philanthropy Action, Duflo put
it this way: ?If microfinance suddenly doesn?t make all babies do calculus by
the age of 5, it is deemed a failure.? If we expect microfinance to instantly
change people?s lives, anything less will seem inadequate, she added. Duflo
warned that people should not to be too quick about passing judgement on the
efficacy of microloans because we aren?t satisfied with the rate of change. ?The
fact (is) that results are showing (microcredit) is doing some reasonably good
things." Eradicating poverty is complex and tedious, Duflo said, mostly because
we don?t really know what works. ?We don?t really have the levelers to make
everything work...I think a few things worked, (but) it takes time," she said.
Study co-author Abhijit Banerjee agrees that a realistic time frame for
addressing this problem is crucial. ?Poverty has been with us for thousands of
years. If we have to wait another 50 to 100 to eradicate it, so be it,? he said.
mwhite@deseretnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

USDA expands access to credit to help more beginning and family farmers

BYLINE: Wendy Byerly Wood, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 628 words


Oct. 17--WASHINGTON -- Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden announced that
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) will improve farm loans by expanding
eligibility and increasing lending limits to help more beginning and family
farmers. As part of this effort, USDA is raising the borrowing limit for the
microloan program from $35,000 to $50,000; simplify the lending processes;
updating required "farming experience" to include other valuable experiences;
and expanding eligible business entities to reflect changes in the way family
farms are owned and operated. The changes become effective Nov. 7.

"USDA is continuing its commitment to new and existing family farmers and
ranchers by expanding access to credit," said Harden. "These new flexibilities,
created by the 2014 Farm Bill, will help more people who are considering farming
and ranching, or who want to strengthen their existing family operation."

The microloan changes announced will allow beginning, small and mid-sized
farmers to access an additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application
process with up to seven years to repay. These efforts are part of USDA's
continued commitment to small and midsized farming operations, and new and
beginning farmers.

In addition to farm related experience, other types of skills may be considered
to meet the direct farming experience required for farm loan eligibility such as
operation or management of a non-farm business, leadership positions while
serving in the military, or advanced education in an agricultural field. Also,
individuals who own farmland under a different legal entity operating the farm
now may be eligible for loans administered by USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA).
Producers will have an opportunity to share suggestions on the microloan
process, and the definitions of farming experience and business structures
through Dec. 8, the public open comment period.

FSA also is publishing a Federal Register notice to solicit ideas from the
public for pilot projects to help increase the efficiency and effectiveness of
farm loan programs. Comments and ideas regarding potential pilot projects will
be accepted through Nov. 7.

Since 2010, USDA has made a record amount of farm loans through FSA -- more than
165,000 loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm
loans now go to beginning farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending
to socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

These programs were made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill, which builds on
historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years, while
achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers.
Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each provision
of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and
ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit;
funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of life
in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

___ (c)2014 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141017-NI-USDA-expands-access-to-credit-to-help-more-beginning-and-family-farm
ers-1017-20141017

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2014


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Washington: White House Rural Council Growing Rural Economies, Creating Jobs

LENGTH: 446  words

DATELINE: Washington


The White House has issued the following remarks of President Barack Obama:

This week is National Small Business Week. The U.S. Small Business
Administration (SBA), along with agencies across the Obama Administration, are
hosting events in five cities. These events provide expert advice, mentoring and
explore topics ranging from access to capital to exporting. Small businesses
across the country can tune into these events via livestream at sba.gov.

America's small businesses create two out of three net new private sector jobs
in our economy. And today more than half of all working Americans either own or
work for a small business. Our goal is to ensure that the positive economic
benefits of entrepreneurship can reach every corner of the country.

That's why today the White House Rural Council is announcing new commitments to
increase access to capital and to provide additional training and counseling
services to rural small businesses and entrepreneurs.

For Fiscal Years 2013 and 2014, the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) and
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) have committed to support a
combined $175 million in microloans to small businesses in rural areas, in
addition to new business training and counseling opportunities. To date, in
FY13, we have already supported nearly $85 million to rural small businesses.
Since 2009, USDA and SBA have provided over 19,000 loans and grants, helping
more than 60,000 rural small businesses through programs like USDA-Rural
Development's Intermediary Relending Program and SBA's Microloan Program.

Twenty-five percent of SBA's microloans go to rural entrepreneurs. And the SBA
provides nearly 30 percent of its in-person training and counseling sessions in
USDA-designated rural communities. Our goal, at SBA, USDA and across the Obama
Administration, is to continue to fill the gaps for loans in underserved rural
communities and to ensure that rural entrepreneurs have the resources and
training they need to turn a great business idea into a viable and growing
business.

As President Obama wrote in his proclamation announcing National Small Business
Week, "America's small businesses reflect the best of who we are as a Nation --
daring and innovative, courageous and hopeful, always working hard and looking
ahead for that next great idea. They are our economy's engine and our biggest
source of new jobs."

By taking an inclusive view of entrepreneurship, one that expands access and
opportunity to more rural communities, we can spur new business formation,
innovation, job creation and build strong regional economies across Rural
America.

For more information please visit: http://www.whitehouse.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: White House Rural Council Growing Rural Economies, Creating Jobs

LENGTH: 449  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

This week is National Small Business Week. The U.S. Small Business
Administration (SBA), along with agencies across the Obama Administration, are
hosting events in five cities. These events provide expert advice, mentoring and
explore topics ranging from access to capital to exporting. Small businesses
across the country can tune into these events via livestream at sba.gov.

America's small businesses create two out of three net new private sector jobs
in our economy. And today more than half of all working Americans either own or
work for a small business. Our goal is to ensure that the positive economic
benefits of entrepreneurship can reach every corner of the country.

That's why today the White House Rural Council is announcing new commitments to
increase access to capital and to provide additional training and counseling
services to rural small businesses and entrepreneurs.

For Fiscal Years 2013 and 2014, the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) and
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) have committed to support a
combined $175 million in microloans to small businesses in rural areas, in
addition to new business training and counseling opportunities. To date, in
FY13, we have already supported nearly $85 million to rural small businesses.
Since 2009, USDA and SBA have provided over 19,000 loans and grants, helping
more than 60,000 rural small businesses through programs like USDA-Rural
Development's Intermediary Relending Program and SBA's Microloan Program.

Twenty-five percent of SBA's microloans go to rural entrepreneurs. And the SBA
provides nearly 30 percent of its in-person training and counseling sessions in
USDA-designated rural communities. Our goal, at SBA, USDA and across the Obama
Administration, is to continue to fill the gaps for loans in underserved rural
communities and to ensure that rural entrepreneurs have the resources and
training they need to turn a great business idea into a viable and growing
business.

As President Obama wrote in his proclamation announcing National Small Business
Week, "America's small businesses reflect the best of who we are as a Nation --
daring and innovative, courageous and hopeful, always working hard and looking
ahead for that next great idea. They are our economy's engine and our biggest
source of new jobs."

By taking an inclusive view of entrepreneurship, one that expands access and
opportunity to more rural communities, we can spur new business formation,
innovation, job creation and build strong regional economies across Rural
America.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                              May 24, 2011 Tuesday
                                  1st Edition

Banking on big ideas

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 548 words


A pounds 5M fund has been launched to help Teesside firms struggling to get
finance from mainstream banks.

The Microloan Fund will offer unsecured loans of between pounds 1,000 and pounds
25,000 to start-ups and existing small businesses, including third sector
organisations, disadvantaged entrepreneurs and sole traders.

It aims to support around 700 start-ups or small firms up to December 2014,
safeguarding or creating more than 1,100 jobs in the process.

Fund manager Entrust said it had received around 60 enquiries about the fund and
10-15 firm applications - including some from Teesside.

Microloan is the seventh fund under the Finance for Business North East
Programme, a pounds 125m regional super-fund backed by European cash.

North East Finance, which has overall responsibility for the fund, said
Microloan would help entrepreneurs left high and dry by high street banks.

Alastair Smith, portfolio manager at North East Finance, said: "While banks are
prepared to lend they are looking for some kind of personal guarantee.

"We are not asking people to put their house at risk but it has to be a viable
business with realistic prospects of repaying the loan."

Businesses will be able to pay off the loan over 1-3 years on a monthly
repayment basis.

They will be charged an interest rate of around 8% - less than half the rate
offered by some mainstream banks.

Under the scheme, a pounds 10,000 loan over three years would carry a monthly
repayment of pounds 312.61, resulting in a total payment of pounds 11,253.96.

Mr Smith acknowledged that the fund could be lending to high risk ventures and
that there was no guarantee of getting the money back.

He said: "It has to be accepted that a number of them will default and the money
may have to be written off.

"But it's a relatively small amount that we will be lending and the risk will be
spread across a wide spectrum of businesses. "Across the piece we are still
hoping for a decent level of return (from the investment)."

The scheme has come too late for firms which have had to close due to a lack of
affordable finance on the high street.

Entrepreneur Jayne Read had to shut her Redcar crafts firm after claiming that
one bank removed her overdraft facility and encouraged her to take out a 10-year
loan with an interest rate of almost 25%.

The high street lending freeze, which began after the Northern Rock crisis in
2007, shows little sign of thawing.

Net lending to companies fell by pounds 4.7bn in March following a pounds 4.6bn
drop in February, according to latest figures from the British Bankers'
Association.

The association said uncertainty over the economy had reduced appetite for
corporate borrowing. BBA director David Dooks said: "Weak trading activity is
discouraging businesses from borrowing to expand and most are oriented towards
repaying debt and reducing their operating costs. "Larger corporates are also
using the capital markets less."

pounds 5m - Value of Microloan Fund pounds 7,000 - Typical amount that fund will
lend per applicant 8% - Loan interest rate 3 - Maximum loan repayment period
(years) 1,100 - Number of jobs created or safeguarded by Fund pounds 125m -
Value of Finance for Business North East Programme pounds 4.7bn - fall in
corporate lending in March

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  GUARANTEE: Alastair Smith, portfolio manager at North East Finance

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: gz


                    Copyright 2011 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                            November 13, 2006 Monday

Little loans, big payouts

BYLINE: Andrea MacDonald

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 521  words


Thelma Borden had a dream that she hid from the world for years.

Every summer, she took her children to Toronto, where she'd buy beauty supplies,
bit by bit, and haul them all the way back to Nova Scotia. Under the bed, in the
closet, wherever she could find room to tuck them away for the future.

"They'd be like, 'What are you doing that for, Mom?' I'd say, 'One day, I'm
going to have a little business.' They kind of laughed at me. Anyway, this is
that one day," Borden says, referring, more accurately, to the two mini-empires
she has created from scratch.

Those weren't just any beauty supplies she was bringing home from Ontario. They
were products specially formulated for ethnic hair. Borden had trouble finding
anything similar in Nova Scotia and discovered a ready market in the students at
nearby Coady International Institute.

She had done people's hair her whole life, creating elaborate braids and weaves
and other styles the other local hairdressers didn't do, some of which took
eight to 12 hours to complete.

One day in 2001, a local councillor came in to have her hair done and she told
Borden about the concept of microloans. She urged her to apply to the
Guysborough County Business Development Centre for one. Borden didn't really
want to go because her credit wasn't the greatest. But they understood her
situation, she was told.

Helping hand

The councillor put in a word for her, too, and soon she had her first loan of
$2,000.

She spent it on hair extensions, special shampoos and conditioners, curling
irons and flat irons so she could start up Thelma's Beauty Supplies in
Antigonish. By 2003, she was ready to expand and she was approved for another
microloan of $3,000. Borden moved her business to a new location.

Encouraged by her own success, Borden took out a third microloan in February
2006. This one was for $5,000, which she used to expand her beauty-supply
business again and start up Big Mama's Cook'n and Triple S Variety in tiny
Monastery, Antigonish Co.

What began as a counter service has grown to a full-fledged restaurant, where
customers come from as far as Prince Edward Island for her $9 turbot special or
Big Mama Burger.

"It's not that I'm that big, but big-hearted," Borden, 49, laughs. "So that's
why they all come. It's all homemade and it's all specially made. It's nothing
fast. They have to wait for the food. We have 12-ounce burgers, so that takes a
while to cook. People don't mind waiting because once they get it, they always
say it's worth it."

"The servings and the hospitality are great. There's nothing like Mama," says
Conrad Sampson, a Big Mama's regular who's getting ready to tuck into a
cheeseburger platter.

Has assistance

Borden prepares and cooks the food herself, but has her nephew, sister and
daughter help out. She also hires local students to work there in the summer.
Right now, she cooks on a little fryer and grill from Canadian Tire. She hopes
to have the $5,000 paid off by next summer so she can upgrade her equipment.

Borden's story is one of many microfinance successes in the spotlight at this
week's Global Microcredit Summit in Halifax.

amacdonald@hfxnews.ca

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: hard worker: Thelma Borden has taken out three microcredit loans,
totalling $10,000, to start a beauty supply business, a restaurant and variety
store.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Halifax Daily News, a division of Transcontinental Media
                                   Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Hutt News (New Zealand)

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

Pay back 'Bank of Dad' and help others

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 69

LENGTH: 293 words


Remember when Dad gave you the last of his coins so you could race out to the
ice cream truck? Gave you that critical financial advice? Or perhaps loaned you
the cash to buy a house or start your dream business?

This Father's Day, instead of paying back The Bank of Dad, ChildFund wants you
to pay it forward.

A microloan purchased from ChildFund's Gifts that Grow online catalogue is a
meaningful Father's Day present that will honour Dad's years of support while
also helping a young person in Sri Lanka start their own business and break free
from poverty.

"What better way to recognise Dad's generosity over the years than to emulate it
yourself?" says ChildFund New Zealand CEO Paul Brown. "Just like Dad did for you
through advice or help along the way, you can have a massive impact on someone
else's life and success too."

As a father of two young boys, Paul says a gift from the Gifts that Grow
catalogue fits the bill perfectly at Father's Day.

"It is meaningful enough to pull at the heartstrings of even the toughest
exterior but is also very practical.

"For a young person in Sri Lanka, a microloan is a tangible and life-changing
gift that will enable them to start a business. Most importantly it will empower
people to build a sustainable future for themselves and their family, free from
poverty."

Already, more than 1500 women and men have received microloans to start
businesses such as food production, tailoring, and fishing. The loans are paid
back into the community to help others, with the small interest payment going
towards supporting feeding in preschools.

There are gifts for every interest and budget.

See childfund.org.nz or call 0800 223 111. Purchasers receive a gift card
explaining the gift and get a 'gift back' via a full tax credit.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday

The serenading of the heifers Paul Winter Consort performs benefit for farmers'
Microloan Fund at Latchis

BYLINE: Reformer Staff

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 984 words


By JON POTTER

BRATTLEBORO -- In his lifelong pursuit of what he calls "the greater symphony of
Earth," saxophonist and composer Paul Winter has woven his music around the
calls of whales, wolves, eagles and a menagerie of other species.

Now, you can add heifers.

The multi-Grammy winner and his ensemble, the Paul Winter Consort, will perform
two benefit concerts in New England to support the Strolling of the Heifers
Microloan Fund for New England Farmers.

The first concerts will be held at the Latchis Theatre on Friday, Sept. 11, at
7:30 p.m., followed the next night by a concert at the Colonial Theatre in
Pittsfield, Mass., at 7:30 p.m.

The Consort includes Brattleboro-based cellist Eugene Friesen, who was
instrumental in getting Winter to come to Brattleboro and support the Microloan
Fund.

"The work of Strolling of the Heifers, particularly with the Microloan Fund, is
something that s so inspiring. I know that Paul shares those feelings," said
Friesen.

It was, indeed, an easy sell.

"(The Microloan Fund) is hugely important," said Winter in a telephone interview
last Friday. "The way our culture and our economy is going, it s all the more
critical. Local food is going to be vastly more important than it has been in
the age of agri-business."

Winter has been in Brattleboro before -- he s a big fan of the Brattleboro Food
Co-op, where he often stops on the way up to gigs up north. He last performed at
the Latchis Theatre about three years ago, sharing the stage with an ensemble of
Russian singers.

"We loved it. It is a very enthusiastic community that filled the place," said
Winter. "It felt like a real affirmation. It felt very kindred."

"Kindred" is a good word to describe Winter s music. Since founding in Paul
Winter Consort in 1967, he has been one of the earliest and foremost exponents
of world music, blending elements of African, Asian and South American cultures
with the jazz music that was his first passion.

Hearing the songs of humpback whales for the first time in 1968, Winter s notion
of musical community expanded to include all kinds of creatures in all the
corners of the world.

"The first creatures whose music I got involved with was the humpback whale.
Hearing those recordings in 1968 really opened the door to me for the whole
symphony of nature," he said.

From playing with recordings of whales, Winter moved outdoors to seek them out
in the wild. In 1973, he brought his saxophone onto a small raft in the Pacific
to listen to cals of gray whales and respond to them. Later, he found himself on
a small kayak off the coast of British Columbia, listening to the calls of
killer whales and trying to mimic them, as a recording engineer in the kayak
captured the "duets."

"You can hear them calling to each other, so I started to imitate the calls.
There is one place where it sounded like the whale imitated a phrase of mine.
... I don t know," said Winter. "For me, it was such a thrill."

This embrace of the "symphony of earth" naturally brought Winter into contact
with environmental organizations, for whom he has played numerous concerts. For
those efforts, he has won a Global 500 Award from the United Nations, the Award
of Excellence from the United Nations Environment Program, the Joseph Wood
Krutch Medal for service to animals from the United States Humane Society, and
the Peace Abbey s Courage of Conscience Award, among others.

His concert tours and recording expeditions have taken him to 37 countries and
to wilderness areas on six continents.

"The idea of just walking to the Latchis to do a Paul Winter gig is pretty
wonderful," said Friesen, who has fresh memories of the group s tour of Siberia,
which included a 72-hour train ride on the Trans-Siberian railroad.

Winter was a music student at Fresno State College in 1973 when he first
encountered Winter at an improvising workshop. Five years later, with his career
under way, Winter asked Friesen to join him.

With Winter, Friesen won Grammys in 1995, 2006 and 2008 for musical
contributions to three Paul Winter Consort albums -- "Spanish Angel," "Silver
Solstice" and "Crestone." And, yes, he also got a chance to play with whales and
all sorts of creatures.

"In Paul s world, the cello almost always gets paired with large mammals," said
Friesen, not daring to contemplate what that means.

Yet, for all the notoriety his music with animals has gotten him, Winter
deserves respect for his musicianship, Friesen said.

"Paul is an extremely grounded musician," said Friesen, pointing out that Winter
started playing bebop with a sextet that won the 1961 Intercollegiate Jazz
Festival and was signed to a record contract by John Hammond. He later played in
the Kennedy White House.

"I think he s just become an unusually thoughtful listener of music," said
Friesen. "Paul seems to hear things in a unique way. He tends to hear music
almost solely from his heart. ... He really does convey the sense of gentleness
and compassion."

Also performing with the Consort at the shows in Brattleboro and Pittsfield will
be pianist Paul Sullivan, percussionist Satoshi Takeishi and vocalist Theresa
Thomason.

Tickets for the Latchis concert are $45, $35 and $25, and are available at
www.Brattleborotix.com, or in person at the Latchis Hotel or at Vermont Artisan
Designs, on Main Street. There will be a post-concert reception at which
audience members may meet the artists. Reception tickets are $15. Artist CDs and
Strolling of the Heifers merchandise will be available.

Strolling of the Heifers is dedicated to saving family farms by connecting
people with the food they eat. Last year, in partnership with The Carrot
Project, it launched the pilot phase of the Microloan Fund, which will address
the credit needs of farmers not able to borrow elsewhere.

Perhaps, Strolling of the Heifers will also inspire Winter to record with our
local cows.

"Who knows?" said Winter, laughing. "They might have some virtuosity."

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           February 27, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Whole Foods feeds its microloan initiative

BYLINE: Brian Gaar AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 544 words


Whole Foods Market Inc. has kicked off its annual fundraising drive to benefit
its microlending foundation, which has loaned millions of dollars, a few at a
time, to people in developing countries around the world.

One of the natural foods grocer's most distinctive initiatives, the Whole Planet
Foundation supports organizations that make small loans to people in poor
countries, helping them to start or expand home-based businesses.

Based on the concept of microloans, the foundation has distributed more than
$10.6 million to programs in 18 countries since its debut in 2005.

Last year, Whole Foods raised $1.8 million for the foundation in donations from
customers. This year, the company hopes to raise $1.5 million by the end of next
month. Whole Foods and its employees also contribute money.

"It's about empowerment; it's about local communities supporting themselves,"
said Joy Peterson , the foundation's director of partnership development and
internal programs.

Whole Foods started the foundation through a partnership with Muhammad Yunus,
the Bangladeshi banker and professor who pioneered the concept of microcredit
and won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.

The foundation's loans target women in developing countries in which Whole Foods
buys some of its products.

For instance, in Kenya, a coffee grower used a series of microloans to expand
her farm, and in Haiti, a woman used the money to restore her grocery business
that was wiped out by a hurricane.

The average loan is $185, said Liz Burkhart , a Whole Foods spokeswoman.

Most loans don't exceed $200, she said, "but that just makes a huge difference
for a lot of women around the world."

To date, the foundation's microlending has helped more than 330,000 people,
according to the company.

The foundation operates independently of the company, although CEO John Mackey
and other executives are on the Whole Planet board.

Other grocers tend to focus their charitable giving closer to home.

San Antonio-based H.E. Butt Grocery Co., the dominant grocer in Central Texas,
donates 5 percent of its gross pretax earnings each year to various nonprofit
groups.

For the most part, H-E-B's donations stay in Texas, said spokeswoman Leslie
Lockett . For instance, H-E-B is the largest provider of food and money to food
banks in Texas, she said.

H-E-B also tries to support Texas suppliers, giving them first priority whenever
possible, she said: "If they have a product customers want, we'll bend over
backwards to find a way to work with them."

Safeway Inc., parent company of Randalls, supports causes including cancer
research and disaster relief through the Safeway Foundation.

Typically, about 80 percent of Whole Foods' giving is done at the local level,
Peterson said.

Each store is encouraged to set aside a day every quarter in which five percent
of after-tax profits are donated to a local charity. Through a special "5
percent day" in its stores, Whole Foods raised $525,000 in seed money to start
the foundation.

This year's fundraising campaign will run through March 31. Signs in Whole Foods
stores will encourage shoppers to donate at checkout registers or online
(www.wholeplanetfoundation.org).

"It's making a huge impact in a lot of countries around the world," Burkhart
said.

bgaar@statesman.com; 912-5932

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           August 13, 2008 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Helping hands;
A blog facilitates microloans to aid parents struggling to pay for autism
treatments.

BYLINE: By SAM MILLER; The Orange County Register

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. Cover_E

LENGTH: 918 words

ABSTRACT

A blog provides a way for strangers to fund each other's controversial autism
treatments.

FULL TEXT

Tori Tuncan barely knew Logan Rogers or his mom, but she posted their request on
her blog:

"Logan, 10 years old, is unable to ride his bike because he has 'absolutely no
muscle tone.' He needs occupational therapy. Insurance will cover it, but his
mom needs $250, immediately, to pay for the evaluation up front.

"Can you lend his mom the money?"

Within eight hours, Tuncan had raised the funds for Logan's mom, thanks to five
strangers who agreed to the loans. One lender was from Oregon, another from the
Cayman Islands. The rest were from who knows where.

For Tuncan, it was on to the next kid.

A month ago, Tuncan quietly launched a very ambitious blog. At Lend4Health
.blogspot.com, parents of autistic children who seek alternative treatments --
chelation, hyperbaric oxygen treatments, visits with the Defeat Autism Now!
doctors who practice "biomedical" treatments -- can ask for microloans from
Tuncan's readers.

Those biomedical treatments are used by thousands of parents, but they're often
difficult to get insurers to pay for because they are not accepted by mainstream
doctors as safe, effective treatments for autism.

The first loan took about a month to fulfill -- $266 for food-sensitivity
testing for a toddler named Jonathan Grant. The second, Logan's, took just eight
hours, and a third was filled last week. There are now five requests open.

The site is inspired by Kiva.org, which facilitates microloans to people in
developing countries.

For a community of parents who are already comfortable getting treatment advice,
sharing health problems and dishing on their kids' diets online, this goes a
step further: It gives them a chance to be actually invested in another family's
autistic journey.

"Everybody's watching to see if this works," said Lisa Ackerman, the founder of
the local group Talk About Curing Autism, which favors biomedical treatments.
"We want it to be successful because it's such a good idea. Money should not be
a barrier to good medical care."

Tuncan is a consultant in the Washington, D.C., area. She has a 3-year-old son
with a sensory processing disorder (not on the autism spectrum), though she
suspects he had autism. Because her son is on a gluten-free/casein-free diet (a
biomedical treatment for autism), she spends a lot of time on message boards
with parents dealing with autism. She writes separate blogs about his diet and
-- really -- poop.

"Everyone (on the message boards) is like, 'We're $30,000 in debt; we had to
sell our house, our car; we're living with my parents; insurance doesn't cover
any of this stuff,' " she said. "Most stuff you do with a  (Defeat Autism Now!)
doctor is not covered by insurance. Getting your olive leaf extract is not
covered by insurance. ... But you do what you gotta do because it's your kid."

That describes Kitty Grant, a Florida mom whose son was diagnosed in the spring.
When she heard how much it would cost to get biomedical treatment, "I almost
fell out of my chair. But we had no choice. I'd sell my kidney."

She and her husband are selling their car to pay for treatment. Tuncan
approached her on a message board and invited her to post her need on Lend 4
Health.

"I was a little trepidatious at first," Grant said. "You have to be skeptical
anytime someone is willing to say, 'Yes, we're going to try to help you.'
Because, honestly, that's not frequently coming these days. Mostly it's 'we're
going to try to screw you and see what we can't give your kid.' But I'm willing
to be open to anything to try to help him."

The $266 she needed came through after the site's first few weeks. One of the
lenders, Will Jacobs, has lent to every child who has appeared on the site,
under the name "Willem." He also has a son with autism, and he struggles to get
the treatment he needs in the Cayman Islands, where he lives.

"The best part of (Lend 4 Health) is that the children are the ones that benefit
from this the most, and their families get to see the rebirth of their
children," he said. "I slowly see this happening with my son."

Loans are made and repaid through PayPal, and borrowers sign a written loan
agreement. The terms of the loan are set by the borrower. One of the moms is
paying it off in three months; another, over the next year. Do they pay
interest? "Of course not," Tuncan says.

She admits she rushed into the idea. She requires references, and she checks
them out, but she doesn't know what she'll do if somebody defaults. "I have a
FAQ section I haven't done yet, and I know that's one of the questions."

But she doesn't think that'll happen. "I don't think people will. It's such a
big deal. These moms are excited, like, 'Oh, my gosh, I can't believe a bunch of
strangers will lend me $10 to help my kid.' "

Ackerman, who is not involved with the site, is also concerned about that. Her
group, Talk About Curing Autism,  funds treatment for some low-income families,
but it goes through layers of review first. The families must show tax returns
and paycheck stubs to prove the financial need; TACA's payments go directly to
the doctor or vendor to ensure it is being used on treatment, not credit card
bills (or a high-definition TV).

Kitty Grant says repaying the loan is her first priority.

"Honestly, after we pay everyone back, we're thinking about putting some money
back into (Lend 4 Health) to help somebody else. It's a karma thing."

ONLINE EXTRAS

sammiller@ocregister.com or 714-796-7884

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           January 29, 2011 Saturday

A gift of geese

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 691 words


Sunday January 30, 2011

RICHMOND

My wife's sister is a very generous person who likes her gifts to have meaning
as well as delight for the receiver. Some years ago she startled our kids at
Christmas by presenting them with microloans that in their names went to
impoverished people throughout the world.

Microcredit was inaugurated in the 1970s by the founder of the Grameen Bank in
Bangladesh, a man named Muhammad Yunus, who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in
2006 for his work in bettering the lives of thousands of people, especially
women, who lived in abject poverty and had no means by which to escape their
condition.

By extending loans that mostly ranged from $7 to $25, the Grameen Bank gave the
recipients the opportunity to become individual entrepreneurs who produced
products that were sold at a minuscule profit. These people then repaid their
original loans and qualified to receive larger loans that further expanded their
businesses. The idea was picked up all over the world, including the United
States, and although it has had its ups and downs, mostly it has benefited those
who were formerly without hope for the future.

Established banks at first looked down scornfully at the microloan business, but
they realized a few years ago that a penny here and a penny there and another
penny somewhere else eventually could add up to a nice piece of profit. So they
have jumped in and now the whole concept is in jeopardy. According to a recent
piece in The New York Times by Yuhammad Yunus himself, "I never imagined that
some day microcredit would give rise to its own breed of loan sharks." He then
went on to detail how big banks increased interest rates and engaged in
"aggressive marketing and loan collection." As a result, the borrowers felt the
lenders were trying to cheat them and a great number, spurred by rabble-rousers,
stopped paying on their loans.

n

"Poverty," notes Mr. Yunus, "should be eradicated, not seen as a money-making
proposition." The solution, Yunus suggests, is for governments to set up
regulatory agencies that would protect the borrowers from any large lender that
is in the business in quest of profit alone. A large segment of the American
public right now thinks that there are too many regulatory agencies in the
federal government already, so there is little chance that there will be any
further protection of the poverty-stricken in this country.

Once our offspring became acquainted with how much good could be done through
microloans they became enthusiastic supporters of the plan. It made them feel
good to know that they were helping some woman buy a sewing machine that would
be a source of income for her family. Or that they were aiding a farmer in
implementing his water system so he could grow better and maybe bigger crops. Or
that they were bringing in an artificial light source to a community that could
only depend on sunlight.

But this year they were surprised that their aunt had switched to a new provider
for the poverty- stricken. We do not know why she switched after all these
years. However, she is very aware of what is going on in the world and maybe
didn't like the big banks moving in on microloan lending.

So this Christmas they received notice that their gifts were being used to
provide flocks of geese to the needy. And the sponsor, Heifer International,
explained why geese were chosen: "Geese get results. Since some geese can lay up
to 75 eggs a year the benefits add up quickly for families in desperate need of
protein and a means of income. Geese are easy to care for because they don't
require much shelter and can adapt to hot, wet or cold weather. Geese can also
find a good portion of their food by themselves, and they efficiently dispose of
weed seeds and gobble up insects, slugs and snails. Best of all, geese are
highly efficient producers of animal protein. And they're vigilant 'watchdogs,'
loudly warning when uninvited guests arrive at the homestead."

Our kids were delighted with this version of their Christmas gifts but I
certainly hope it doesn't give them an idea of beefing up our own homestead.

Quack!

Milton Bass is a regular Eagle contributor.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday

Teen receives funding for business venture

BYLINE: Traci Moyer, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 281 words


July 30--ANDERSON -- Brandon Boynton is moving forward with his business dreams,
thanks in part to a local working capital loan and a fundraising campaign.

This week, the Flagship Microloan Program granted a working capital loan to Most
Beastly Studios, where Boynton is CEO. The loan enables Most Beastly Studios to
receive technical assistance through the Flagship Enterprise Center, including
bookkeeping, marketing and business consulting services.

Boynton, a Pendleton Heights junior, designed a mobile application called The
Bully Box while enrolled in the Madison County Chamber's Young Entrepreneurs
Academy (YEA!) program. The application is designed to report bullying
anonymously and won national recognition at the sixth annual Saunders Scholars
Finals in Washington, D.C.

In addition to The Bully Box, Boynton has created The Curfew Buddy for parents
and children to communicate destination and arrival times on a mobile
application.

An ongoing campaign through IndieGoGo has also been established to help the
young entrepreneur raise funding for his business at
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-bullybox--2.

Flagship Enterprise Center, which sponsors the YEA program, is a partnership
between the City of Anderson and Anderson University as a technology-based
business incubator and SBA Microlender.

Like Traci L. Moyer on Facebook and follow her @moyyer on Twitter, or call
648-4250.

More information For more information on microloans, contact the Microloan
Office at 313-7329 or visit www.flagshipmicroloan.org.

___ (c)2014 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140730-HU-Teen-receives-funding-for-business-venture-0730-20140730

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2014 The Herald Bulletin


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Enlace Project

                   Esquina Opuesta del Antiguo Banco de Cafe
                               El Sauce Nicaragua
                                   Nicaragua

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.enlaceproject.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   In 2012, Enlace Project began a Microloan program, focused on providing
individuals in the municipality of El Sauce with small business loans and basic
financial education classes. The Microloan Program course sought to educate
these individuals not only in basic business skills but on personal budgeting
and goal setting so they could develop healthy financial habits beginning in
their households.  The program has evolved to focus more on education, combining
microloans with Enlace Project's consulting services. While the program retains
its financing component, its services focus more directly on skill development
in the entrepreneur. The aim is to create a longer-term relationship with the
clients so that they may develop sustainable businesses run by self-sufficient
and skilled owners. The program focuses on trainings for the business owner(s),
marketing services and the transfer of business materials to meet the basic
needs of the client.  Specifically, the Entrepreneurial Development Program
begins by assessing the chosen businesses based on what they have and what they
need. The focus is then shifted to personalized trainings and the preparation of
a business plan, both for the long term and short term. If necessary, the
program provides financing for projects or improvements. Finally, the cycle
comes to completion with an evaluation of the impact the consulting and training
has had on the business or cooperative.  Although we no longer offer microloan
services, you can

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              June 3, 2013 Monday
                                National Edition

Finance tips for all sizes and sectors; No. 1 takeaway: Raising capital ain't
easy

BYLINE: Rick Spence, Financial Post

SECTION: ENTREPRENEUR; Growth Curve; Pg. FP4

LENGTH: 903 words


Looking for a bank loan or a $500,000 equity infusion? Or would you like to
crowd source some cash on the Internet? A one-day financial forum staged by
Enterprise Toronto last week offered fundraising tips for entrepreneurs of all
sizes and sectors.

The No. 1 takeaway: Raising capital ain't easy. On a panel representing the full
spectrum of financial resources, the banker, community-fund manager,
crowdfunding consultant, angel investor and venture capitalist all agreed the
biggest mistake prospective clients make is thinking the process will be easier
than it is. yes, these funders want to do business with you. But they have
terms, standards, qualifications and limits you have to meet, and that will
require preparation, analysis and clear thinking on your part.

If this process were easy, all your competitors could get funding, too. So be
glad growth capital is available only to people like you, with the smarts,
vision and track record to earn it.

As keynote speaker Jacoline Loewen told the more than 100 forum attendees, the
growth projections and marketing plans you prepare for funders' scrutiny
represent essential thinking about your business. Even if you don't score
capital with every meeting, going through this process will strengthen your
business and make you that much more attractive to the next lender or investor.

Here are some key takeaways from the sessions I attended:

Keep up! There are new forms of financing coming on stream all the time, to
address specific needs or market niches. This was the first time I had seen a
financial panel that included microloans and crowdfunding - two new and very
different sources of capital for those who have trouble raising conventional
financing.

Can't get a bank loan for your startup? Ontario's Trillium Foundation bankrolls
several community funds that provide low-cost microloans to qualifying
entrepreneurs. (In general, you should own 51% of your business, it's helpful to
have taken business courses, and you must use the loan to expand your business
not pay off debt.) Panelist Michael Scotland of Toronto's Access Community
Capital Fund said first-time microloans are available for as much as $5,000, at
interest rates just 1.5 percentage points above prime (plus a 5% administration
fee). If you pay off your first loan, Access may provide subsequent loans up to
$10,000.

Sweating over a business plan to impress your banker? Check first to see if it
will be read. Alex Ciancio of TD Business Banking noted that most small-business
lending decisions are based on your credit-worthiness - not your business plan.
Taking good care of your personal credit history is one of the most important
things you do to help your business.

Do you have collateral? Many entrepreneurs seeking bank loans are surprised to
be offered interest rates three or four points over prime. That's because most
rate-related advertising refers to mortgages or credit lines, where borrowers
put up their homes or other assets as security. Lower-cost business loans are
available if you have the collateral to secure them, Ciancio said.

Look closer to home. Although no moms or dads were represented on the panel,
several participants noted that love money - from family and friends - is often
the best first step for entrepreneurs. "It's usually the cheapest and most
flexible money you will ever raise," Ciancio said.

Relatives and pals can also get in on crowdfunding. This is where you create a
pitch on a crowd funding website, say Kick starter or Indiego go, asking people
to support your business project, usually in return for the equivalent value in
products or personal services. "This is a good place for family and friends to
step up," said consultant Christopher Charles worth of Hive Wire. "If your
mother won't invest in you, why would anyone else?"

Crowdfunding capital isn't free. you have to provide sufficient value to attract
supporters (in Canada, crowd-sourced capital is not equity or debt, it's
essentially a donation). you also have to learn how to tell your story,
Charlesworth says, because that's what people invest in. Having amassed a
database on North American crowdfunding activity, Hive Wire has found the
average project raises $7,000.

Tell a compelling story. Venture capital and angel money are for the few
companies whose growth trajectory has the potential to give investors a return
of 700% to 1,000%, in about five years. Once again, your challenge is getting
the story right. VCs and angels receive many more proposals than they can fund,
so a compelling executive summary is the best way to get their attention.

Again, cash comes with a cost. Several attendees wondered why investors need
"exits" within five or six years. Why can't they just stay invested in good
companies? "An investment isn't a marriage, it's just a relationship," Gerard
Buckley, CEO of Jaguar Capital, said. While several CEOs seemed concerned about
their need to sell the company so venture investors can get their exit, Bram
Sugarman of OMERS Ventures, said founders can stay on if they want. Although if
their companies have had anywhere near the success they were hoping for, the
founder probably won't be able to raise enough cash to buy out the investor.

Still, it's a nice problem to have.

Rick Spence is a writer, consultant and speaker specializing in
entrepreneurship. His column appears weekly in the Financial Post. He can be
reached at rick@ rickspence.ca

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                             March 10, 2017 Friday

Allan Gray pours cold water on grants link

BYLINE: Hanna Ziady

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 745 words


By
 ALLAN Gray, the country's fourth-largest asset manager, has defended its
decision to invest in Net1 UEPs, the controversial parent company of social
grants distributor Cash Paymaster Services (CPS).
 Net1 UEPS was a "controversial stock" that prompted "vigorous debates" among
Allan Gray 's investment team, said chief investment officer Andrew Lapping.


  Allan Gray, which had assets under management totalling R461.7-billion at June
2016, holds a 15.6% stake in the company on behalf of investors.
 Net1 UEPS owns CPS, which distributes social grants on behalf of the South
African Social Security Agency (Sassa). The firm is at the centre of a numerous
legal challenges by the Black Sash and Corruption Watch, among others.
 At the heart of these are allegations that various Net1 UEPS subsidiaries have
unduly benefited from the social grants contract administered by CPS by selling
and marketing products such as microloans and insurance to Sassa cardholders.
 The group, which is dual-listed on the Nasdaq and the Johannesburg Stock
Exchange, owns, among other subsidiaries, payment businesses and financial
services providers including a life insurer and microlender.
 It was the right of grant beneficiaries to have access to products such as
microloans, airtime and prepaid electricity, said Lapping. "We can't make
rulings about what people are allowed to spend their money on."
 Various regulators that had looked into the matter had not found any wrongdoing
with these deductions, he said.
 In an affidavit filed in the Constitutional Court on Tuesday, Net1 UEPS group
chief executive Serge Belamant said Net1 subsidiaries lawfully "market and
provide financial products to [grant] beneficiaries" in line with applicable
financial regulations.
 He denied - under oath - that CPS shared beneficiary data with these
subsidiaries or any other third party.
 Beneficiaries agreed to certain terms and conditions when signing up for
Sassa-branded Grindrod Bank accounts, which were subject to banking regulations,
he said.
 Grindrod Bank said it was awaiting legal clarity on debit-order deductions from
these accounts, which it continued to process in line with National Payment
System rules.
 "The social benefit of the service provided by Net1, which sees millions of
people receive social grants every month, far outweighs the social cost of
offering microloans to these individuals," said Lapping.
 "Whenever we make an investment, we weigh up the social benefits versus the
social costs," he said.
 "We go through the same process when we discuss Sasol, for example. It's a big
polluter, but it is also one of SA's largest taxpayers and employs 25500 people
here."
  Allan Gray is one of 36 local asset managers that are signatories to the UN's
Principles for Responsible Investment. Signatories commit to incorporating
environmental, social and governance factors into their investment decisions.
 "[Net1] trades at a discount to its valuation and we believe it is a good
investment for our clients, even without the Sassa contract," Lapping said.
 Net1's main future focus is to provide financial products and services through
its EasyPay Everywhere financial service offering which, according to its latest
annual report, has 1.6-million account holders.
 EasyPay Everywhere, which is marketed to Sassa card-holders, is a transactional
bank account that offers microloans, life insurance and bill payments through
cellphones.
 These offerings "bring financial inclusion to millions of cardholders who were
previously unable to access any formal financial services", said Net1.
 In a quarterly earnings call last month, Belamant was clear that the group's
plan was to achieve scale by targeting existing customers, such as grant
beneficiaries and employees of companies using its payroll technology, with
financial products and services.
 Since 2012, Net1 had issued more than $1.8-million (R23-million) in short-term
loans, sold nearly 300000 life insurance policies and provided more than three
million customers with prepaid products every month. The bulk of this would have
been sold in SA.
 Magda Wierzycka, chief executive of Sygnia, said it would not invest in Net1
for moral reasons.
 "People living off grants should not be buying electricity and airtime without
a conscious decision to do so." -TMG
 BURNING ISSUE: Net1 UEPS a 'controversial stock' prompted 'vigorous debates'
among Allan Gray's investment team, said chief investment officer Andrew Lapping

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2017 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                               May 2, 2016 Monday

USDA expands farm storage loan program

BYLINE: Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


May 02--Farmers have a new financial tools to help buy portable storage and
handling equipment.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Monday announced changes to the Farm
Storage Facility Loan program. The loans now include a smaller "microloan"
option with lower down payments and are designed to help producers grow their
businesses and markets, USDA says.

The option allows applicants seeking less than $50,000 to qualify for a reduced
down payment of 5 percent and no requirement to provide three years of
production history. Farms and ranches of all sizes are eligible.

USDA says the microloan option is expected to be of particular benefit to
smaller farms and ranches, and specialty crop producers who might not have
access to commercial storage or on-farm storage after harvest. These producers
can invest in equipment such as conveyors, scales or refrigeration units and
trucks that can store commodities before delivering them to markets. Producers
do not need to demonstrate the lack of commercial credit availability to apply.

USDA previously expanded the list of commodities eligible for the Farm Storage
Facility Loan program. Eligible commodities now include aquaculture;
floriculture; fruits (including nuts) and vegetables; corn, grain sorghum, rice,
oilseeds, oats, wheat, triticale, spelt, buckwheat, lentils, chickpeas, dry peas
sugar, peanuts, barley, rye, hay, honey, hops, maple sap, unprocessed meat and
poultry, eggs, milk, cheese, butter, yogurt and renewable biomass. Microloans
can also be used to finance wash and pack equipment used post-harvest, before a
commodity is placed in cold storage.

To learn more about Farm Storage Facility Loans, visit fsa.usda.gov/pricesupport
or contact a local FSA county office.

___ (c)2016 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160502-AW-USDA-expands-farm-storage-loan-program-0502-20160502

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2016 Agweek


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Efforts to Expand Support for Small and Mid-Sized
Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 1534  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Today in remarks at the National Farmers Union National Convention, Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack announced new and expanded efforts to connect small- and
mid-sized farmers and ranchers with USDA resources that can help them build
stronger businesses, expand to reach new and larger markets, and grow their
operations.

"The recent Census of Agriculture shows that there is tremendous growth
potential for small and mid-sized producers in the American agricultural
landscape," said Vilsack. "USDA is taking a hard look at our existing resources
to ensure that they work for producers of all sizes. We've adjusted policies,
strengthened programs and intensified outreach to meet the needs of small and
mid-sized producers. These producers are critical to our country's agricultural
and economic future."

Efforts include improved access to USDA resources, revised risk management tools
that better fit the needs of smaller producers, additional support for hoop
houses, and expanded collection of valuable market news information. USDA is
also introducing a series of education tools focusing on opportunities for
farmers engaged in local and regional food systems. In addition, USDA field
staff will be boosting their outreach efforts to small and mid-sized farmers and
ranchers.

More information about tools and resources available to small and mid-sized
farmers will be rolled out in the coming months, including information about
access to capital, risk management, food safety, and locating market
opportunities on USDA's Small and Mid-Sized Farmer Resources webpage.

The new efforts announced by the Secretary today include:

ACCESS TO CAPITAL

Changes to the Farm Storage and Facility Loan (FSFL) Program to help small and
midsized fruit and vegetable producers access the program for cold storage and
related equipment like wash and pack stations. Diversified and smaller fruit and
vegetable producers, including Community Supported Agriculture programs, are now
eligible for a waiver from the requirement that they carry crop insurance or NAP
coverage when they apply for a FSFL loan. FSFL can also be used to finance hay
barns and grain bins.
 Funding for producers under the popular microloan program. USDA launched the
microloan program to allow beginning, small and mid-sized farmers to access up
to $35,000 in loans using a simplified application process. Since their debut in
2013, USDA has issued more than 4,900 microloans totaling $97 million.
 Funding for hoop houses to extend the growing season. Hoop houses provide
revenue opportunities while also promoting conservation for small and mid-sized
farmers. The hoop house cost share program began as a pilot in 2010. Since then,
more than 10,000 hoop houses have been contracted. USDA will soon announce an
additional $15 million for hoop house development in persistent poverty counties
in nineteen states as part of USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and
Opportunity Initiative.

RISK MANAGEMENT

Developing tools to help small and midsized farmers and ranchers make sound
financial decisions as they plan for their future. USDA is developing a whole
farm insurance policy that will better meet the needs of highly-diversified
producers, particularly small and midsized fruit and vegetable growers. Using
new tools provided by the Farm Bill, USDA is working to reduce crop insurance
costs for beginning farmers and ranchers. And organic producers will benefit
from the elimination of a previously-required five percent surcharge on crop
insurance premiums.

LOCATING MARKET OPPORTUNITIES

USDA's Farm to School Program has put seven new Farm to School Coordinators on
the ground in regional offices to help build direct relationships between small
and mid-sized producers and school districts. One priority area for Farm to
School is creating more opportunities for small and mid-sized livestock and
poultry producers. Since 2013, USDA has invested nearly $10 million in Farm to
School grants that support schools as they purchase from local and regional
sources. In the 2011-2012 school year alone, schools spent nearly $355 million
on local and regional food purchases.
 Expanded price, volume, supply and demand information through Market News.
Market News is now collecting price data on grass-fed beef to arm producers will
real pricing information from the sector. Market News will also soon begin
collecting data about local food prices and volume, valuable to small and
mid-sized producers engaged in that marketplace. Market News provides real time
price, volume, supply, and demand information for producers to use in making
production and marketing decisions. Access to timely, unbiased market
information levels the playing field for all producers participating in the
marketplace.
 Broadened the National Farmers Market Directory to include CSAs, on-farm stores
and food hubs. This information will help small and mid-sized producers find new
market opportunities. USDA will begin collecting data to update the directory
for the 2014 season this spring. The USDA National Farmers Market Directory
receives over 2 million hits annually.

FOOD SAFETY

Launched pilot projects in five states to help small and mid-sized farmers
achieve Good Agricultural Practice (GAP) certification. GAP certification
indicates farmers have met food safety standards required by many retail buyers.
Under these pilot programs, small and mid-sized producers will be able to share
the costs and fees associated with the certification process as a group. Group
GAP efforts are being developed in partnership with small and mid-sized producer
groups in Michigan, Wisconsin, Montana, Pennsylvania and Missouri.

EDUCATIONAL RESOURCES AND OUTREACH

Created a Learning Guide Series for small and mid-sized producers to help them
navigate available USDA resources, available on the Know Your Farmer, Know Your
Food website. The first in this series will be for small and mid-sized livestock
and poultry producers. Additional Learning Guides will be released later this
year. USDA field staff and StrikeForce teams will increase outreach to small and
mid-sized producers using the Learning Guides.
 Launched Small Scale Solutions for Your Farm, a series of educational resources
designed for both small livestock and fruit and vegetable producers. This
includes tips on simple management activities such as planting cover crops to
complex structural practices such as animal waste management systems or
innovative irrigation devices

2014 FARM BILL

The recently-signed 2014 Farm Bill provides USDA with more direct resources to
support small and mid-sized farmers, including:

Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program (BFRDP), which provides grants
to organizations that train, educate and provide outreach and technical
assistance to new and beginning farmers on production, marketing, business
management, legal strategies and other topics critical to running a successful
operation. The 2014 Farm Bill provides $100 million total to BFRDP over the next
5 years.
 Value-Added Producer Grant Program was modified to allow USDA to better target
small and mid-sized family farms, beginning and socially-disadvantaged farmers,
and veterans. The 2014 Farm Bill provides $63 million over the next 5 years.
 Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program is expanded to support both
direct-to-consumer opportunities and other supply chain projects such as food
hubs. The 2014 Farm Bill provides $30 million annually.

USDA FY2015 BUDGET PROPOSAL

USDA last week released its FY2015 Budget, which includes additional resources
to help small and mid-sized farmers and ranchers, including:

$2.5 million to provide food safety training to owners and operators of small
farms, small food processors, and small fruit and vegetable vendors affected by
Food Safety Modernization Act.
 $3 million for Small, Socially Disadvantaged Producers Grants Program to ensure
historically underprivileged rural Americans have opportunities for cooperative
development.
 $2.5 million for a new Food and Agriculture Resilience Program for Military
Veterans (FARM-Vets) that promotes research, education, and extension activity
for veterans.
 $11 million for the Value-Added Producer Grants Program. The 2014 Farm Bill
provides an additional $63 million in mandatory funding that is available until
expended.
 $2.5 million in funding for the National Agricultural Statistics Service to
conduct a survey on land ownership and farm financial characteristics. This
supports an Administration priority that will provide additional demographic
data related to small and beginning farmers and ranchers.
 $1.2 million for the Office of Advocacy and Outreach to carry out these
responsibilities and the provisions of the 2014 Farm Bill related to outreach to
beginning, small, and socially disadvantaged farmers, and ranchers, including
veterans, and rural communities.
 $25.7 million for Departmental Administration to maintain critical support
activities and oversight for the Department, including management of small and
disadvantaged business utilization programs.


For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

Milwaukee County to service DBE loans in-house

BYLINE: Beth Kevit

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 612  words


A disadvantaged business microloan program set to launch next month in Milwaukee
County will have to be handled in house, despite a lack of experience dealing
with such transactions.

The decision for in-house oversight came after a nonprofit organization and a
lender each backed away from initial offers of assistance, claiming it would be
too expensive to service the loans, according to a memo sent to Milwaukee County
supervisors.

Rick Norris, director of the county's Office of Community Business Development
Partners, and his staff members still are determining how to oversee the loans.

The microloans are so small that traditional servicing fees charged by banks
could amount to 10 percent of an award, Norris said, but if the county takes on
the workload, borrowers should not see any charges.

"(Otherwise] the amount of money that the applicant would have to pay to have
that loan," Norris said, "could be a deterrent. "

Wendy Baumann, president of the Wisconsin Women's Business Initiative Corp.,
which has a loan program for small businesses, said her organization has
basically become a bank as a result. She warned of the learning curve to loan
servicing. WWBIC loaned about $4.5 million to small businesses in 2013.

"Microlending," she said, "can't be done casually. "

The county has about $100,000 available, Norris said, and individual loans will
be capped at $5,000. Tri City National Bank will hold the money, but the county
will oversee payments, calculate interest on the loans and issue monthly
statements.

To be eligible for a loan, borrowers must be certified as disadvantaged-business
enterprises and have current county contracts, and those agreements will be used
as collateral for the loans. Repayment for the loans will be capped at 18
months.

In November, the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors voted to require the
office to seek a $25,000 contribution from a public or private company, or a
bank, to bolster the loan account. County Executive Chris Abele vetoed that
requirement, claiming that "assigning a specific fundraising requirement, as the
Board has proposed, only threatens the success of the entire program," according
to a veto message.

However, Brendan Conway, Abele's communications director, said the supervisors
overrode that veto, and the county still is searching for that contribution
despite slim chances of finding it.

"It was never a realistic policy that the board put into place," Conway said,
"and we now see that being a reality. "

The county also is seeking a grant that would allow it to eventually hire a
third-party servicer, Norris said, although he is confident his staff can do the
job. If the county could afford to hire a loan servicer, however, that would
free up his staff members to focus on disadvantaged-business certification and
compliance on county projects, he said.

WWBIC is a potential third-party servicer, Baumann said, and she is continuing
discussions with the county about that possibility, as well as whether the group
could offer financial assistance to supplement the county's microloans.

The organization services all of its loans. While the county appears to be
approaching its program methodically, she said, it cannot avoid all risk.

The county's best chance at success, Baumann said, will come from having
crystal-clear policies and procedures laid out so borrowers understand their
responsibilities. It also comes from knowing when to step away to prevent
micromanaging the microloans.

"Understand that there's some risk," she said, "and be OK with it. "

http://www.dailyreporter.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 22, 2011 Friday

Banking on community: Wells Fargo president recognized for local efforts

BYLINE: Steve Clark, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 630 words


April 22--Being a bank president, Joe Atkinson understands money management; at
the same time, he understands that a lot of people don't.

His role in helping address the knowledge deficit has earned the Brownsville
native recognition from the Small Business Administration Lower Rio Grande
Valley District, which named him Financial Services Champion of the Year for
2011. Atkinson was nominated by Brownsville Chamber of Commerce president and
CEO Angela Burton.

Atkinson calls it "financial literacy"-- understanding how to budget, minimize
debt, save money, and plan for retirement. It's important stuff to know, but a
lot of people are too busy just getting by to worry much about it. Atkinson,
with the backing of Wells Fargo, is pushing to make the public -- from
elementary students to adults -- a little more financially literate.

Central to this effort is an educator-approved money management curriculum Wells
Fargo developed and is making available free to the Community Development
Corporation of Brownsville, which helps low-income families buy homes; public
school districts such as BISD and Los Fresnos ISD, and UTB-TSC. Wells Fargo has
also donated funds to help schools carry out the curriculum, which is offered in
English and Spanish and can be found online at

"There's some statistics out there about how most students, when they leave high
school and/or college, (money management) is not a curriculum that is given a
lot of attention. It should be," Atkinson said. "That is an opportunity that we
have -- not only in our community but across this country -- to educate people
around how to manage their money. It's easier said than done. It takes
discipline."

The financial literacy curriculum ties in directly with something else Atkinson
is involved with: "microloans." Atkinson is director of a new program, involving
a local multi-bank consortium assembled several years ago to provide financing
and support for CDCB home-ownership programs, that would provide small loans to
low-income individuals to help them build wealth, create savings and manage
their money. The microloan program will be an alternative to payday loan
companies, which charge high interest rates and target low-income borrowers.

"There's a need for this type of (microloan) product, because we do have
individuals of lower income," Atkinson said. "This is going to give them that
opportunity to start to build credit, repair credit, and become more bankable."

Finally, Atkinson was nominated for the SBA award in part for his role in
establishing the Women Entrepreneurs Small Business Boot Camp, created by the
Brownsville Chamber of Commerce with prodding from Atkinson and funding from
Wells Fargo Community Bank. The nine-month course teaches business fundamentals
and "best practices" while building a local community of women entrepreneurs who
support and mentor one another. The first class graduated Sept. 15 and the
second boot camp started in January. Atkinson says that among his various
community efforts he's most proud of the boot camp.

"Think about it: We're going to see more and more women-owned business opening
up in our community and across the country, and they're going to have the same
challenges," he said. "Now we have a process. For those that need help, it's
available. One class builds upon the next. It's how it builds and how they
relate to each other. That's what makes it different."

www.handsonbanking.org.

To see more of The Brownsville Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.brownsvilleherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Brownsville Herald,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110422-BV-Banking-on-community-Wells-Fargo-president-recognized-for-local-effo
rts-0422-20110422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2011 The Brownsville Herald


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       South-East Advertiser (Australia)

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday
                               SouthEast Edition

Carol helps women put best foot forward

BYLINE: Sarah Orr

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 235  words


A HAWTHORNE shoe boutique is helping women from the African country of -Malawi
find their feet in business by funding hundreds of microloans.

Shoe Garden owner Carol Haffke said she supports -MicroLoan Foundation Australia
because of its sustainable borrowing system.

Every $50 loan is repaid and recycled, meaning the same $50 donation will help
three women in 12 months.

"It's all about empowering people, investing trust in them and recognising their
value and worth in communities," she said.

"Most of the time the loans are used as extra capital to take their business to
the next level. It means (the women) can go beyond break even and actually start
making some profit." With the help of "customer relations manager" CC the
maltese dog, Ms Haffke raised $5911 through sales and a further $6377.65 through
customer donations in the 12 months to April. In 2014 Ms Haffke and her mother
went to Africa to meet the community the charity helps.

"They are so smart and savvy and they run such a wide variety of business," she
said. "Some sell second-hand clothes, one women bakes and sells doughnuts. They
were so grateful that we were taking an interest in the things that they do."
BIG SHOES TO FILL â-  The Shoe Garden specialises in women's footwear for sizes
10 to 15, with between 50c and $5 from every shoe and accessory donated to
MicroLoan Foundation Australiaâ-  Visit the store at 115 Riding Rd, Hawthorne

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: South-East Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              March 7, 2011 Monday
                                Final C Edition

Nobel winner fights to keep his 'poverty eradication' bank; Prime minister
taking every opportunity to attack potential political foes

BYLINE: Jonathan Manthorpe, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Jonathan Manthorpe; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 816  words


A long-running vendetta between the government of Bangladesh and the country's
Nobel Peace Prize winning economist Muhammad Yunus came to the boil last week
when the champion of fighting poverty with small business startup loans was
ordered to quit the leadership of his Grameen Bank.

But a spokesman for the bank, general manager Jannate-Kownine, said Yunus will
stay on as managing director while he challenges in court the order from the
Bangladesh Bank, the country's central bank. The Bangladeshi High Court heard
arguments from lawyers at the end of last week.

The picayune grounds for demanding Yunus's removal underline the view that this
is a political vendetta against him.

The Bangladesh Bank says Yunus should have retired 10 years ago at age 60, and a
decision by the Grameen Bank board to allow him to continue indefinitely is
invalid because the central bank did not approve it.

The move to oust Yunus comes after several years of sometimes bitter animosity
toward him from Bangladesh's Prime Minister, Sheikh Hasina, who is thought to
see him as a potential political rival. She once denounced Yunus as a
"bloodsucker of the poor."

The efforts to remove Yunus from the bank also come at a time of widespread
controversy and debate over the concept for which he and his bank won the 2006
Nobel Prize for alleviating poverty by providing small loans, primarily to
women, to start small businesses such as kiosk shops, tea stalls or small
agricultural livestock enterprises.

But microfinance, as it is called, has become a hugely profitable business
worldwide as moneylenders have cashed in on investors' belief that they can do
good for the poor and make money at the same time.

One Indian microloan company, Swayam Krishi Sangham, founded as a charity in
1998 and subsequently transformed into a for-profit enterprise, last year raised
$358 million in an initial public offering. The latest figures available from
the Microfinance Information Exchange say there are 92.4 million microborrowers
worldwide who have loans totalling $65.1 billion from 1,800 lenders.

But from South Asia, Africa, Latin America and the poorer parts of eastern
Europe have come numerous stories of excessively high interest rates being
charged and strong-arm tactics being used by lenders if the women don't have
their weekly repayments.

The Indian state of Andhra Pradesh last year legislated a raft of rules and
regulations governing microfinancing after it appeared that 50 people, mostly
women, committed suicide when they were unable to pay back their loans.

Some critics contend that far from being a "silver bullet" to make poverty
history, the system has driven the very poorest of people into the hands of loan
sharks.

With interest rates charged by some microloan companies ranging anywhere from 40
per cent to as high as 100 per cent, some analysts contend that up to 60 per
cent of borrowers have to take out multiple loans to make repayments.

In Bangladesh the interest rate that can be charged has been pegged at a maximum
of 27 per cent.

The defenders of Yunus contend that many of these microloan companies have
perverted his concept. The viability of the system, which usually sees over 90
per cent of the Grameen Bank's customers making repayments without problems,
should not be judged by how unscrupulous operators have used it.

At the moment Grameen - the word means "village" in Bengali - has 8.3 million
customers, most of them poor women, and $10 billion in loans. This represents
about a third of the microloan business in Bangladesh.

Prime Minister Hasina lashed out at the Grameen Bank at a press conference last
year.

The bank, she said, has been "sucking money out of the people after giving them
loans. There has been no improvement in the lifestyle of the poor so far. They
were just used as pawns to get more aid."

Hasina also attacked Yunus directly, accusing him of playing "a trick" to avoid
taxes after donations from the Norwegian government were found to have been
transferred without permission from the Grameen Bank to an associated
foundation, Grameen Kalyan.

An investigation by the Norwegian government found that while it was technically
a breach of the agreement under which the money was donated, no money had gone
missing and the matter was corrected without problem or loss.

But that conclusion has not stopped rumours about the Grameen Bank or the
apparent determination of Hasina to humble Yunus.

The reason usually given for her apparent resentment is that she sees his high
international profile and his brief flirtation with the idea of starting his own
political party after a military coup in 2007 as a threat to her own supremacy.

That may be true, but there is also undoubtedly the factor that governments,
especially in developing countries, don't like having the opportunity to
dispense patronage aid to the poor wrenched from their grasp.

jmanthorpe@vancouversun.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andrew Biraj, Reuters; Andre Bangladeshi Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus
launched a legal battle Thursday against his removal from the top post at the
microlending bank he founded.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              March 7, 2011 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Nobel winner fights to keep his 'poverty eradication' bank; Prime minister
taking every opportunity to attack potential political foes

BYLINE: Jonathan Manthorpe, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Jonathan Manthorpe; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 816  words


A long-running vendetta between the government of Bangladesh and the country's
Nobel Peace Prize winning economist Muhammad Yunus came to the boil last week
when the champion of fighting poverty with small business startup loans was
ordered to quit the leadership of his Grameen Bank.

But a spokesman for the bank, general manager Jannate-Kownine, said Yunus will
stay on as managing director while he challenges in court the order from the
Bangladesh Bank, the country's central bank. The Bangladeshi High Court heard
arguments from lawyers at the end of last week.

The picayune grounds for demanding Yunus's removal underline the view that this
is a political vendetta against him.

The Bangladesh Bank says Yunus should have retired 10 years ago at age 60, and a
decision by the Grameen Bank board to allow him to continue indefinitely is
invalid because the central bank did not approve it.

The move to oust Yunus comes after several years of sometimes bitter animosity
toward him from Bangladesh's Prime Minister, Sheikh Hasina, who is thought to
see him as a potential political rival. She once denounced Yunus as a
"bloodsucker of the poor."

The efforts to remove Yunus from the bank also come at a time of widespread
controversy and debate over the concept for which he and his bank won the 2006
Nobel Prize for alleviating poverty by providing small loans, primarily to
women, to start small businesses such as kiosk shops, tea stalls or small
agricultural livestock enterprises.

But microfinance, as it is called, has become a hugely profitable business
worldwide as moneylenders have cashed in on investors' belief that they can do
good for the poor and make money at the same time.

One Indian microloan company, Swayam Krishi Sangham, founded as a charity in
1998 and subsequently transformed into a for-profit enterprise, last year raised
$358 million in an initial public offering. The latest figures available from
the Microfinance Information Exchange say there are 92.4 million microborrowers
worldwide who have loans totalling $65.1 billion from 1,800 lenders.

But from South Asia, Africa, Latin America and the poorer parts of eastern
Europe have come numerous stories of excessively high interest rates being
charged and strong-arm tactics being used by lenders if the women don't have
their weekly repayments.

The Indian state of Andhra Pradesh last year legislated a raft of rules and
regulations governing microfinancing after it appeared that 50 people, mostly
women, committed suicide when they were unable to pay back their loans.

Some critics contend that far from being a "silver bullet" to make poverty
history, the system has driven the very poorest of people into the hands of loan
sharks.

With interest rates charged by some microloan companies ranging anywhere from 40
per cent to as high as 100 per cent, some analysts contend that up to 60 per
cent of borrowers have to take out multiple loans to make repayments.

In Bangladesh the interest rate that can be charged has been pegged at a maximum
of 27 per cent.

The defenders of Yunus contend that many of these microloan companies have
perverted his concept. The viability of the system, which usually sees over 90
per cent of the Grameen Bank's customers making repayments without problems,
should not be judged by how unscrupulous operators have used it.

At the moment Grameen - the word means "village" in Bengali - has 8.3 million
customers, most of them poor women, and $10 billion in loans. This represents
about a third of the microloan business in Bangladesh.

Prime Minister Hasina lashed out at the Grameen Bank at a press conference last
year.

The bank, she said, has been "sucking money out of the people after giving them
loans. There has been no improvement in the lifestyle of the poor so far. They
were just used as pawns to get more aid."

Hasina also attacked Yunus directly, accusing him of playing "a trick" to avoid
taxes after donations from the Norwegian government were found to have been
transferred without permission from the Grameen Bank to an associated
foundation, Grameen Kalyan.

An investigation by the Norwegian government found that while it was technically
a breach of the agreement under which the money was donated, no money had gone
missing and the matter was corrected without problem or loss.

But that conclusion has not stopped rumours about the Grameen Bank or the
apparent determination of Hasina to humble Yunus.

The reason usually given for her apparent resentment is that she sees his high
international profile and his brief flirtation with the idea of starting his own
political party after a military coup in 2007 as a threat to her own supremacy.

That may be true, but there is also undoubtedly the factor that governments,
especially in developing countries, don't like having the opportunity to
dispense patronage aid to the poor wrenched from their grasp.

jmanthorpe@vancouversun.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andrew Biraj, Reuters; Bangladeshi Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus
launched a legal battle Thursday against his removal from the top post at the
microlending bank he founded.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday

Partnership stands by area small businesses

BYLINE: Digital First Media report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 394 words


The North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation and the Assabet Valley
Chamber of Commerce announced Tuesday a new partnership to bring $2 million in
micro-lending resources to young companies in the Assabet Valley Region.

"We are very pleased to be partnering with the North Central Massachusetts
Development Corporation to support small businesses here in Assabet Valley,"
said Sarah Cressy, president and CEO of the Assabet Valley Chamber of Commerce.
"These microloans will provide entrepreneurs in our area with the capital and
technical assistance they need to start or expand their business."

The loans are available to businesses in Berlin, Bolton, Hudson, Maynard, and
Stow, Cressy said.

"Our microloan program has had a profound impact on our business community in
North Central Massachusetts. We have a long and successful history of supporting
small businesses with financial resources and technical assistance," said Roy M.
Nascimento, president and CEO of the North Central Massachusetts Development
Corporation. "We are excited to partner with the Assabet Valley Chamber of
Commerce to continue to expand our lending and help support the small and
emerging businesses that help drive the economy forward."

The development corporation works in partnership with local banks, credit
unions, chambers of commerce and area nonprofits to support emerging
microenterprises, small businesses, and community projects with loans and
business assistance. Since 1996, the corporation has granted over $4.3 million
in loans to small businesses to help grow jobs and the economy in 26 communities
in the North Central Massachusetts region. In addition, these funds were
leveraged with local financial institutions providing $14.8 million of their
funds and local investors and business owners providing another $3.2 million.

Microloan programs have become increasingly important to the business community
since the economic collapse in 2008 that put more restrictions on how banks can
serve small business loans.

The loan officers will be available via appointment to serve the needs of new
clients in the Assabet Valley region. To schedule an appointment, please contact
the North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation at (978) 353-7607 or
contact the Assabet Valley Chamber of Commerce at info@assabetvalleychamber.org
or (978) 568-0360 or (978) 875-0197.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

Washington: SBA to Launch $1.2 Million Aspire Challenge for Entrepreneurship
Training to Help Previously Incarcerated Citizens

LENGTH: 613  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) today announced the Aspire
Challenge, a prize competition of up to $1.2 million to expand access to
entrepreneurial education and microloans for formerly incarcerated individuals.
The competition will make up to 16 awards of $75,000 to organizations across the
nation to assist in delivering entrepreneurial training and microloan assistance
to formerly incarcerated individuals.





 "Entrepreneurship and small business ownership are proven paths toward wealth
creation and financial independence, especially for people who might otherwise
feel trapped by their circumstances," said Tameka Montgomery, Associate
Administrator for the SBA's Office of Entrepreneurial Development.
"Entrepreneurship can even be a ladder of opportunity for citizens who have
served their debt to society but are struggling to find employment after
incarceration.  With the training and startup tools provided through this
competition, these citizens can finally start to rebuild their lives and build
relationships with their families and communities."



 The Aspire Challenge will build on the momentum of the Aspire Entrepreneurship
Initiative, a public-private partnership announced in August 2016 between the
SBA, W.K. Kellogg Foundation, and microlender Justine PETERSEN.  The pilot
initiative connects formerly incarcerated individuals to entrepreneurial
training, education and microloans, with a specific focus on those who are
parents.  The pilot was rolled out in Detroit, Mich., Chicago, Ill., Louisville,
Ky. and St. Louis, Mo.



 With approximately 60% of formerly incarcerated individuals remaining
unemployed one year after release, self-employment must be seen as a viable
alternative.  The Aspire Challenge      will leverage entrepreneurship as a tool
to increase economic mobility for returning citizens through intensive
entrepreneurial training and counseling and increased access to micro-loans.
The competition will award prizes to entrepreneurial support organizations that
propose innovative solutions to equipping returning citizens with the tools they
need to succeed in entrepreneurship.  Components by which the submissions will
be assessed include recruitment methods, education/training delivery, provision
of mentoring services, community connections and ways in which participants will
be connected to access to capital and financial literacy.



 The SBA will award the prizes to organizations through the online competition
platform, www.challenge.gov.  The competition is open to all for-profit and
non-profit entities and organizations, and they must have an account in the
System for Award Management (SAM).  The submission period opens December 29,
2016 and will end on February 12, 2017.  The SBA anticipates that winners will
be announced no later than March 14, 2017.



 Background



 Approximately 60% of formerly incarcerated individuals remain unemployed one
year after their release, raising the risk of recidivism and resulting in lost
lifetime earnings.  This cycle has major implications for American families as
nearly half of all U.S. children have at least one parent with a criminal
record.  In 2015, SBA expanded its Microloan Program to small business owners
currently on probation or parole. The Aspire Entrepreneurship Initiative and the
Aspire Challenge expand on policy changes to give formerly incarcerated
individuals the opportunity to generate income and create economic prosperity
for their families.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

Washington: SBA to Launch $1.2 Million Aspire Challenge for Entrepreneurship
Training to Help Previously Incarcerated Citizens

LENGTH: 613  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) today announced the Aspire
Challenge, a prize competition of up to $1.2 million to expand access to
entrepreneurial education and microloans for formerly incarcerated individuals.
The competition will make up to 16 awards of $75,000 to organizations across the
nation to assist in delivering entrepreneurial training and microloan assistance
to formerly incarcerated individuals.





 "Entrepreneurship and small business ownership are proven paths toward wealth
creation and financial independence, especially for people who might otherwise
feel trapped by their circumstances," said Tameka Montgomery, Associate
Administrator for the SBA's Office of Entrepreneurial Development.
"Entrepreneurship can even be a ladder of opportunity for citizens who have
served their debt to society but are struggling to find employment after
incarceration.  With the training and startup tools provided through this
competition, these citizens can finally start to rebuild their lives and build
relationships with their families and communities."



 The Aspire Challenge will build on the momentum of the Aspire Entrepreneurship
Initiative, a public-private partnership announced in August 2016 between the
SBA, W.K. Kellogg Foundation, and microlender Justine PETERSEN.  The pilot
initiative connects formerly incarcerated individuals to entrepreneurial
training, education and microloans, with a specific focus on those who are
parents.  The pilot was rolled out in Detroit, Mich., Chicago, Ill., Louisville,
Ky. and St. Louis, Mo.



 With approximately 60% of formerly incarcerated individuals remaining
unemployed one year after release, self-employment must be seen as a viable
alternative.  The Aspire Challenge      will leverage entrepreneurship as a tool
to increase economic mobility for returning citizens through intensive
entrepreneurial training and counseling and increased access to micro-loans.
The competition will award prizes to entrepreneurial support organizations that
propose innovative solutions to equipping returning citizens with the tools they
need to succeed in entrepreneurship.  Components by which the submissions will
be assessed include recruitment methods, education/training delivery, provision
of mentoring services, community connections and ways in which participants will
be connected to access to capital and financial literacy.



 The SBA will award the prizes to organizations through the online competition
platform, www.challenge.gov.  The competition is open to all for-profit and
non-profit entities and organizations, and they must have an account in the
System for Award Management (SAM).  The submission period opens December 29,
2016 and will end on February 12, 2017.  The SBA anticipates that winners will
be announced no later than March 14, 2017.



 Background



 Approximately 60% of formerly incarcerated individuals remain unemployed one
year after their release, raising the risk of recidivism and resulting in lost
lifetime earnings.  This cycle has major implications for American families as
nearly half of all U.S. children have at least one parent with a criminal
record.  In 2015, SBA expanded its Microloan Program to small business owners
currently on probation or parole. The Aspire Entrepreneurship Initiative and the
Aspire Challenge expand on policy changes to give formerly incarcerated
individuals the opportunity to generate income and create economic prosperity
for their families.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 31, 2016 Saturday

Washington: SBA to Launch $1.2 Million Aspire Challenge for Entrepreneurship
Training to Help Previously Incarcerated Citizens

LENGTH: 613  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) today announced the Aspire
Challenge, a prize competition of up to $1.2 million to expand access to
entrepreneurial education and microloans for formerly incarcerated individuals.
The competition will make up to 16 awards of $75,000 to organizations across the
nation to assist in delivering entrepreneurial training and microloan assistance
to formerly incarcerated individuals.





 "Entrepreneurship and small business ownership are proven paths toward wealth
creation and financial independence, especially for people who might otherwise
feel trapped by their circumstances," said Tameka Montgomery, Associate
Administrator for the SBA's Office of Entrepreneurial Development.
"Entrepreneurship can even be a ladder of opportunity for citizens who have
served their debt to society but are struggling to find employment after
incarceration.  With the training and startup tools provided through this
competition, these citizens can finally start to rebuild their lives and build
relationships with their families and communities."



 The Aspire Challenge will build on the momentum of the Aspire Entrepreneurship
Initiative, a public-private partnership announced in August 2016 between the
SBA, W.K. Kellogg Foundation, and microlender Justine PETERSEN.  The pilot
initiative connects formerly incarcerated individuals to entrepreneurial
training, education and microloans, with a specific focus on those who are
parents.  The pilot was rolled out in Detroit, Mich., Chicago, Ill., Louisville,
Ky. and St. Louis, Mo.



 With approximately 60% of formerly incarcerated individuals remaining
unemployed one year after release, self-employment must be seen as a viable
alternative.  The Aspire Challenge      will leverage entrepreneurship as a tool
to increase economic mobility for returning citizens through intensive
entrepreneurial training and counseling and increased access to micro-loans.
The competition will award prizes to entrepreneurial support organizations that
propose innovative solutions to equipping returning citizens with the tools they
need to succeed in entrepreneurship.  Components by which the submissions will
be assessed include recruitment methods, education/training delivery, provision
of mentoring services, community connections and ways in which participants will
be connected to access to capital and financial literacy.



 The SBA will award the prizes to organizations through the online competition
platform, www.challenge.gov.  The competition is open to all for-profit and
non-profit entities and organizations, and they must have an account in the
System for Award Management (SAM).  The submission period opens December 29,
2016 and will end on February 12, 2017.  The SBA anticipates that winners will
be announced no later than March 14, 2017.



 Background



 Approximately 60% of formerly incarcerated individuals remain unemployed one
year after their release, raising the risk of recidivism and resulting in lost
lifetime earnings.  This cycle has major implications for American families as
nearly half of all U.S. children have at least one parent with a criminal
record.  In 2015, SBA expanded its Microloan Program to small business owners
currently on probation or parole. The Aspire Entrepreneurship Initiative and the
Aspire Challenge expand on policy changes to give formerly incarcerated
individuals the opportunity to generate income and create economic prosperity
for their families.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Designer furnished with funds to promote products

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 332 words


A MIDDLESBROUGH-based furniture designer has secured £25,000 funding to push his
trendy products into major trade shows.

Dearden, which is run by Nick Dearden, produces furniture and lighting for the
international market.

Last year the brand's prototype expanding table featured on Stephen Fry and
Richard Ayoade's Gadget Man TV series.

The table was inspired by Robert Duke, a furniture upholsterer who, in 1885,
tried to create a similar product.

Now a £25,000 loan from regional venture capitalists Rivers Capital Partners'
Microloan Fund will be used to put Dearden's products in front of more potential
buyers.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "Nick is a great
example for North-east businesses. In a matter of years, Nick envisages his
business as an internationally-recognised brand name. He would like to be
producing products that have a legacy and will come to be regarded as family
heirlooms.

"The funding will enable Nick to employ an apprentice and assistant designer,
freeing up his time to focus on a strategy for growth."

As well as the expanding table, Mr Dearden has built a chandelier that resembles
chrome exhaust pipes and provides multi-directional lighting from a single
source.

The firm has also produced a range of office chairs that are inspired by classic
sports cars.

Using part of the Microloan funding, Mr Dearden hopes to take his furniture
pieces to design shows, and by autumn he plans to have produced 20 tables and
chandeliers to showcase at the 100% Design event in London. Here he hopes to
attract interest from retail buyers.

The North East Microloan Fund provides small loans of £1,000-£25,000 to regional
small businesses who lack finance to fuel their concept.

The fund is specifically aimed at businesses that have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance and can provide affordable credit for those with a poor
credit history. Rivers Capital Partners base their lending decisions on the
quality of the business model, not assets.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dearden director Nick Dearden, James Holloway, trainee investment
executive at Rivers Capital Partners and Nikita Bazko, fund ¦manager at Rivers
Capital Partners JACKIE PARSONS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2015 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Hendricks Pioneer (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 5, 2014

Business to open in Hendricks with aid of SWIF microloan program

BYLINE: Hendricks Pioneer staff

LENGTH: 330  words


Patrick Dirckx recently received loan assistance from the Southwest Initiative
Foundation's (SWIF) Microenterprise Loan Program for the start-up of a computer
sales, networking and repair service based out of Lake Benton and Hendricks. The
business will be located at 202 South Main Plaza in Hendricks.

Dirckx studied computer science at Southwest Minnesota State University in
Marshall and computer IT and networking at Minnesota West Community and
Technical College in Granite Falls. He has 12 years of experience providing
computer repairs, troubleshooting and networking setup and repair for both
individuals and businesses. Dirckx will provide area communities with
cost-effective technology.

Dirckx hopes to be open by June 1.

"Patrick is a very hardworking, talented individual who is determined to be a
successful and productive business and community member," said SWIF Program
Officer Jackie Turner-Lovsness. "SWIF is pleased to be of assistance to this
business."

SWIF loan proceeds were used to purchase equipment and for working capital.
Dirckx received business planning assistance from Vince Robinson, Lincoln County
Enterprise Development Facilitator.

Loan programs have been a key function of SWIF since its inception as a way to
support communities and businesses throughout southwest Minnesota. In 2001,
microlending was added to existing programs as a tool to support small
businesses and people looking for self-employment opportunities by providing
market-rate loans.

Microloan clients receive free technical assistance from SWIF staff--all who
have personal business experience--to improve their business management skills,
from business planning to reading finan-cials to marketing and other training
opportunities for the life of the loan.

This microloan program receives funding assistance from the U.S. Small Business
Administration and U.S. Department of Agriculture. For more information, contact
SWIF at 800-594-9480, 320-587-4848 or loans@swifoun-dation.org

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HND

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 Hendricks Pioneer


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Loan fund offers opportunity for region's small businesses

BYLINE: TED SALMON

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 426 words


GETTING access to finance is one of the biggest challenges that small businesses
face when starting and growing a business.

As we wait for news on what the next Jeremie programme will look like and how it
will support small businesses, there has been some great developments with the
Microloan Fund.

The Finance for Business North East Microloan Fund, managed by Rivers Capital
Partners, has recently announced that it has had its most successful year.

The fund provides much needed access to cash for small businesses in the region
with a streamlined process and quick decision time.

Since inception in 2011 the fund has empowered 403 small businesses in the North
East to expand their operations and start-ups, with a further 39 loans secured
through the fund's follow-on facility.

The fund is designed to support the region's start-ups and small businesses,
with the purpose of stimulating the creation of new business and securing and
safeguarding jobs within the North East.

It works to help any eligible business but is specifically aimed at small
businesses with big visions that are denied loans by traditional lenders.

Committed to providing straightforward loans anywhere between £1,000 and £25,000
with the potential in exceptional cases to go to £50,000.

The fund's portfolio has contributed year-on-year to the growth of the economy,
creating over £61m worth of turnover in the North East since inception.

With a strong commitment to stimulating new business and developing the North
East's economy, the Microloan Fund's portfolio has successfully created and
safeguarded over 1000 jobs in the region.

Sharing its wealth of experience in successfully managing and raising finance
for their own businesses, Rivers Capital worked hard in 2015 to educate the
North East about the sources of finance available in the region.

Determined to encourage emerging entrepreneurs, Rivers Capital has held 23
events to-date, roughly one every two weeks.

The suite of seminars broke down 'managing your money to grow your business'
issues to people seeking or about to seek finance.

The aim was to help them come to an investor better prepared with an
understanding of the ins and outs of securing loan finance.

Looking to the end of 2015, the fund has just under £1m in loans to invest up
until December 31 into small businesses that have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance.

If you're a small business looking that is looking for money to fund your big
idea there is no better time to get in touch with the team at Rivers Capital.

Ted Salmon, FSB regional chairman

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                              June 22, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Innovative furniture firm lands funding to expand;
SMALL BUSINESS

BYLINE: TOM KEIGHLEY

SECTION: BUSINESS;NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 334 words


AMIDDLESBROUGH-BASED furniture designer has secured £25,000 funding to push his
trendy products into major trade shows.

Dearden, which is run by Nick Dearden, produces furniture and lighting for the
international market.

Last year the brand's prototype expanding table featured on Stephen Fry and
Richard Ayoade's Gadget Man TV series.

The table was inspired by Robert Duke, a furniture upholsterer who, in 1885,
tried to create a similar product.

Now a £25,000 loan from regional venture capitalists Rivers Capital Partners'
Microloan Fund will be used to put Dearden's products in front of more potential
buyers.

Nikita Bazko, fund manager at Rivers Capital Partners, said: "Nick is a great
example for North East businesses. In a matter of years, Nick envisages his
business as an internationally recognised brand name. He would like to be
producing products that have a legacy and will come to be regarded as family
heirlooms.

"The funding will enable Nick to employ an apprentice and assistant designer,
freeing up his time to focus on a strategy for growth."

As well as the expanding table, Mr Dearden has built a chandelier that resembles
chrome exhaust pipes and provides multi-directional lighting from a single
source.

The firm has also produced a range of office chairs that are inspired by seats
found in classic sports cars.

Using part of the Microloan funding, Mr Dearden hopes to take his furniture
pieces to design shows and by autumn he plans to have produced 20 tables and
chandeliers to showcase at the 100% Design event in London. Here he hopes to
attract interest from retail buyers.

The North East Microloan Fund provides small loans of £1,000-£25,000 to regional
small businesses who lack finance to fuel their concept.

The Fund is specifically aimed at businesses that have been struggling to secure
mainstream finance and can provide affordable credit for those with a poor
credit history.

Rivers Capital Partners base their lending decisions on the quality of the
business model, not assets.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: From left: Nick Dearden, Dearden director; James Holloway, trainee
investment executive at Rivers Capital Partners; Nikita Bazko, fund manager at
<B Rivers Capital Partners. Pic by Jackie Parsons

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              SBA Direct Loans LLC

                        6881 Kingspointe Pkwy  Suite 11
                               Orlando,  FL 32819
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (800) 208-2835
URL: www.sbadirectloans.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The SBA offers venture capital financing through its Small Business
Investment Company (SBIC). Though SBICs are privately owned, they are licensed
by the SBA and therefore must comply with SBA regulations. Another benefit
offered by the SBA is the Surety Bond Guarantee (SBG). A surety bond is an
instrument between three parties: a surety (someone who agrees to be responsible
for the debt of another person or entity), a contractor, and a project owner.
The SBA makes an agreement with the surety to help cover a percentage of any
loss caused if a contractor breaches the contract on a project.  What are the
main types of loans the SBA offers? There are three main types of SBA loans:
7(a) loans - used for businesses with special requirements   Microloans -
provides small, short-term loans   CDC/504 loans - long-term financing tools
Which kinds of businesses are eligible for 7(a) loans? 7(a) loans are geared
toward businesses that fall into very specific categories - usually businesses
that handle exports to foreign countries, operate in rural areas, or serve other
specific purposes. The goal of this loan program is for the SBA to streamline
the financing process for these unique business needs.  What is a microloan?
Microloans are small, short-term loans for small businesses and certain types of
not-for-profit child-care centers. The SBA makes funds available to banks and
then the banks make that money available for small business owners. The maximum
amount for a microloan is

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            January 4, 2011 Tuesday

Incentives, microloans pay off for Boulder, local businesses

BYLINE: Amy Bounds Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 684 words


Celestial Seasonings considered moving to Longmont when it decided to expand,
but stayed in Boulder in part because of a business incentive offered by the
city.

IBM also decided to locate a new customer service center at the Boulder campus,
eTown stuck with Boulder after being courted by Fort Collins and restaurant
supply company Tundra Specialities chose a new location in Boulder when it
decided to expand.

Business incentives offered through Boulder's flexible rebate program helped the
city keep all those companies here, said Liz Hanson, Boulder's economic
development coordinator.

"The program is doing exactly what we intended it to do," she said. "Keeping
primary employers in Boulder is really key to Boulder's financial health. Many
cities these companies are evaluating have much larger incentive packages. It
gives us something to put on the table for discussion."

The flexible rebate program is one of the city's business incentives, first
approved by the City Council in September 2006. The program covers a wide range
of fees and equipment and construction use taxes. Once companies are approved
for the program and pay fees and taxes to the city, those fees can be rebated up
to the amount approved by the city manager.

The Boulder Economic Council recently reviewed the 2009 program, calculating a
return on investment for the seven participating companies, which received
$209,979 in rebates. On average, according to the review, the program provided
an average return of $28 in sales taxes for every $1 the city spent. The city is
expected to recoup $5.6 million in three years, according to the analysis.

The seven participating companies in 2009 were Celestial Seasonings, eTown, IBM,
Sea to Summit, Stratom Inc., Tundra Specialties and Visionlink.

Of the seven, only two generated a large return on investment. IBM generated
about $134 per dollar and Celestial Seasonings generated $18 per dollar. The
rest ranged from about $6 to about $1 per dollar.

Shelley Dunbar, co-owner of Sea to Summit, said her outdoor products wholesale
company outgrew its original Boulder location, prompting it to apply for a
rebate to offset the cost of finishing an existing shell of a building that more
than doubled the company's space.

"It's pretty expensive to locate in the city limits," she said. "It allowed us
to stay in Boulder rather than go to a less expensive town."

For 2010, five companies submitted applications for rebates prior to the Dec. 1
deadline -- Covidien, Spectra Logic, Trada, Microsoft and Rally Software.
Covidien and Spectra Logic both were approved, while the other three are
pending. The city budgeted $350,000 for the program.

The city also evaluated its microloan program, a partnership between the city
and local banks and the Colorado Enterprise Fund that started in June 2009 to
address the needs of small businesses during the economic downturn. The program
gave $325,000 to 11 small businesses, including a hair salon, a child care
center and a dog daycare business.

"It was very successful," Hanson said. "It's companies that just needed a little
more access to capital."

She said the city now is working with banks to try to raise money to offer a
second round of loans.

One of the recipients was Cafe Aion, a restaurant that opened in the University
Hill area in April. Dakota Soifer, one of the owners, said he didn't have many
options for raising start-up money.

"The bank sort of giggled when we asked about a loan," he said. "We were in a
difficult situation."

So the owners applied to the city and initially were denied, but later were
approved on appeal for a $25,000 loan. The Mediterranean themed restaurant
opened in April.

"It was really nice to feel the support from the city," he said.

Contact Camera Staff Writer Amy Bounds at 303-473-1132 or
boundsa@dailycamera.com

Brandi Gilbert, left, and Darrell Jackson, both Ph.D. students at the University
of Colorado, relax after a late lunch at the Cafe Aion on University Hill in
Boulder on Tuesday. The café s owners relied on a loan through the city of
Boulder s microloan program to start the business.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brandi Gilbert, left, and Darrell Jackson, both Ph.D. students at the
University of Colorado, relax after a late lunch at the Cafe Aion on University
Hill in Boulder on Tuesday. The café s owners relied on a loan through the city
of Boulder s microloan program to start the business. Brandi Gilbert, left, and
Darrell Jackson, both Ph.D. students at the University of Colorado, relax after
a late lunch at the Cafe Aion on University Hill in Boulder on Tuesday. The café
s owners relied on a loan through the city of Boulder s microloan program to
start the business.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Expands Access to Credit to Help More Beginning and Family Farmers
Changes Increase Eligibility and Financing Options for Hard Working Families

LENGTH: 571  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) will improve farm loans by expanding
eligibility and increasing lending limits to help more beginning and family
farmers. As part of this effort, USDA is raising the borrowing limit for the
microloan program from $35,000 to $50,000; simplifying the lending processes;
updating required "farming experience" to include other valuable experiences;
and expanding eligible business entities to reflect changes in the way family
farms are owned and operated. The changes become effective Nov. 7.

"USDA is continuing its commitment to new and existing family farmers and
ranchers by expanding access to credit," said Harden. "These new flexibilities,
created by the 2014 Farm Bill, will help more people who are considering farming
and ranching, or who want to strengthen their existing family operation."

The microloan changes announced today will allow beginning, small and mid-sized
farmers to access an additional $15,000 in loans using a simplified application
process with up to seven years to repay. These efforts are part of USDA's
continued commitment to small and midsized farming operations, and new and
beginning farmers.

In addition to farm related experience, other types of skills may be considered
to meet the direct farming experience required for farm loan eligibility such as
operation or management of a non-farm business, leadership positions while
serving in the military, or advanced education in an agricultural field. Also,
individuals who own farmland under a different legal entity operating the farm
now may be eligible for loans administered by USDA's Farm Service Agency (FSA).
Producers will have an opportunity to share suggestions on the microloan
process, and the definitions of farming experience and business structures
through Dec. 8, 2014, the public open comment period.

FSA is also publishing a Federal Register notice to solicit ideas from the
public for pilot projects to help increase the efficiency and effectiveness of
farm loan programs. Comments and ideas regarding potential pilot projects will
be accepted through Nov. 7, 2014.

Since 2010, USDA has made a record amount of farm loans through FSA -- more than
165,000 loans totaling nearly $23 billion. More than 50 percent of USDA's farm
loans now go to beginning farmers. In addition, USDA has increased its lending
to socially-disadvantaged producers by nearly 50 percent since 2010.

These programs were made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill, which builds on
historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years, while
achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for taxpayers.
Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each provision
of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to farmers and
ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to rural credit;
funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private conservation
partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve quality of life
in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

Utah: Debate Renewed Over Effectiveness of Microlending in Reducing Poverty

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

Under the microfinance model, very small loans are made to help the poor start
businesses and boost their incomes. As borrowers repay the principle and
interest on those loans, the growing pool of money is lent out to other poor
people. But six independent studies published in the January issue of American
Economic Journal: Applied Economics that examined microloan proigrams in
Ethiopia, India, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, and Bosnia and Herzegovina found
that while the loans did give borrowers better access to credit, they tended not
to increase borrowers' incomes or consumption. Nor did the studies find much
evidence of significant social dividends, such as empowering women or improving
educational opportunities for their children. Indeed, one study cited evidence
suggesting that microloans encouraged families to pull their children out of
school to work in the family business.

"This is kind of a defining moment," said Abhijit Banerjee, an economics
professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who co-wrote the study on
microlending in India, during a debate at a World Bank conference in February.
"The big question that we would like to answer is: [W]hat is the right product
[for the poor] to have? What is missing?"

Defenders of microlending argue that the model was never expected to end poverty
quickly but rather to give more choices to poor people who had been largely
ignored by banks and other lenders. Alex Counts, president and CEO of the
Grameen Foundation, an international arm of Grameen Bank, which pioneered
microlending at scale in Bangladesh, said even the most negative reports show
that up to 10 percent of microloan recipients see a big rise in income, while
the rest typically do not experience a decline. And Counts suspects other
microfinance programs, especially those in Bangladesh, which were not surveyed
by the latest studies, would show a higher success rate. Still, he said, the
reports should be "a call to action for researchers, practitioners, and policy
makers to roll up their sleeves and work collaboratively to develop successive
waves of better credit products for the poor."

"The theme of financial inclusion does not have the same shine as it once had,
and this kind of study certainly contributes to that," said Vikram Akula, the
founder of SKS Microfinance, one of India's largest microlenders, who left SKS
in 2011 and recently launched a for-profit financing firm that targets people
without bank accounts. "It is part of a broader narrative that microfinance
isn't a panacea, which we all knew."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Athens Banner-Herald (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday

A-C agencies refused funding

BYLINE: Blake Aued, Athens Banner-Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 684 words


Apr. 8--Two Athens nonprofits that once received hundreds of thousands of
dollars in federal grants each year will get no funding this year from the
Athens-Clarke Commission.

Among several last-minute changes, commissioners voted 8-2 Tuesday evening to
strip the East Athens Development Corp. of the last $20,000 in federal block
grants it was slated to receive. A similar nonprofit, the Hancock Corridor
Development Corp., was not recommended for funding.

The $20,000, earmarked for microloans for small-business entrepreneurs, will be
given to the Athens-Clarke Growth Fund, a revolving-loan program run by the
county Human and Economic Development Department. So will $15,000 county
officials recommended go to the nonprofit Multiple Choices for microloans to
disabled people.

The growth fund can loan money at a lower interest rate than EADC, Commissioner
Alice Kinman said.

The vote finished a process the commission controversially began last year by
cutting EADC's block-grant funding from $215,000 to $45,000 and HCDC's from
$70,000 to $25,000, forcing them to cut staff and hours. A majority of
commissioners said then that the nonprofits did not meet performance benchmarks.

Commissioner Harry Sims, who represents East Athens, offered a mild defense of
EADC compared to last year, when he and three other commissioners attacked the
cuts as unfair.

"One of their more successful things in a time of shortcomings has been the
microloan program," Sims said Tuesday.

Commissioner Mike Hamby also voted against the block-grant spending plan.

Commissioners had discussed consolidating financial counseling for homebuyers,
now provided by several nonprofits, under one roof to make it more efficient,
but voted to hold off until the anti-poverty group OneAthens' housing committee
releases a recommendation.

HED received $27,447 to provide housing counseling. The other $20,000 that would
have been spent on housing counseling will go to The Stable Foundation, a new
nonprofit that finds and subsidizes apartments for the homeless.

Commissioners also axed $56,600 HED officials recommended be spent to renovate
Dudley Park and gave the money to the Athens Land Trust for affordable housing.

All in all, the commission distributed nearly $1.5 million to 20 nonprofits and
government agencies for social services and affordable housing.

In other business, the commission voted 8-2 to convert all one-hour parking
meters downtown to a two-hour time limit, a change many downtown business owners
fought for after a March vote to raise parking rates and fines. Time limits for
36-minute meters in front of the College Avenue parking deck and the post office
will stay the same, as will four-hour meters on Foundry Street.

Commissioners David Lynn and George Maxwell voted against the two-hour limit.
Although business owners said customers cannot eat lunch or shop in one hour,
Lynn argued that the change will hurt businesses by making it harder for
customers to find parking spots, and that visitors who want to linger downtown
should be encouraged to park in decks.

"It flies in the face of generally-held notions about pricing for parking
downtown," he said.

The commission also voted unanimously to: -- Approve plans for a
federally-funded $2.2 million Athens Transit park-and-ride lot on Oconee Street
near the Athens Perimeter. The plans also leave room for a QuikTrip convenience
store.

-- Select Atlanta-based Batson-Cook Development as the county's partner for a
public-private partnership to build a new parking deck on a surface lot at the
corner of North Lumpkin Street and Hancock Avenue. The deck will be partially
funded by $6.8 million in sales-tax revenue voters approved in 2004.

To see more of the Athens Banner-Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.onlineathens.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Athens Banner-Herald, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090408-AH-NONPROFITS-FUNDING-20090408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AH


                      Copyright 2009 Athens Banner-Herald


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              June 6, 2016 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Funding a small business? Check SBA

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. Z6

LENGTH: 443 words


LAS CRUCES - Starting a small business takes time, hard work, and money.
Depending on your type of business and your present financial situation, you may
find you need to reach to outside sources for funding.

One resource you can turn to for assistance in obtaining a loan to start or grow
your business is the United States Small Business Administration (SBA). While
the SBA does not directly lend money to small businesses, it can facilitate
loans with third party lenders. Various banks, credit unions, community
development organizations, and microlending institutions throughout the U.S.
partner with the SBA to provide funding to small businesses without access to
other financing options with reasonable terms.

SBA sets specific guidelines for loans, which are made by its partners, and it
guarantees that they'll be repaid by the borrowers. This benefits small business
owners by giving them access to much-needed funding, and it eliminates some of
the risk to the lending partners.

To qualify for an SBA loan, your business must meet certain criteria regarding
business size, financial standing, and others. You must also meet the credit
qualifications of the lender.

Several advantages of SBA loans over conventional loans include:

Lower down payments

Longer repayment terms

Two SBA loan programs that benefit many small businesses are:

7(a) loan program

These loans can be used for various purposes (such as satisfying short-term or
long-term working capital needs; purchasing equipment, machinery, and supplies;
buying real estate; refinancing existing debt; and more).

Microloan program

This program provides loans up to $50,000 to help businesses with lower dollar
financing needs. According to the SBA, the average microloan is approximately
$13,000. You may not use microloans to pay existing debt, but you can use them
for working capital and purchasing inventory, supplies, furniture, equipment,
machinery, etc.

There are other SBA loan programs as well. For information about them, visit the
SBA website's Loan Programs page. You can also find more details about obtaining
financing for both start-ups and existing small businesses on the SBA website's
Borrowing Money For Your Business page.

If you want to explore more potential sources of financing for your business,
check out the SBA's Loans and Grants Search Tool. And consider reaching out to
your local SCORE Chapter to speak with a mentor who can direct you to lending
institutions and organizations in your community. They can also help guide you
as you prepare to approach lenders for funding.

Since 1964, SCORE has helped more than 9 million aspiring entrepreneurs Visit
SCORE at www.score.org.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2016 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Columbus Telegram (Nebraska)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Report identifies needs of small business owners

BYLINE: CHRISTINA LIEFFRING, Columbus Telegram, Neb.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 816 words


Dec. 08--COLUMBUS -- In rural Nebraska, 90 percent of businesses have 10 or
fewer employees, according to the Association for Enterprise Opportunity. So the
ability to start, grow and maintain small businesses is crucial for rural
economies.

The Rural Enterprise Assistance Project (REAP), a program under the Center for
Rural Affairs, has helped Nebraska small business owners get off the ground
since 1990. Every two years since 2007, REAP has conducted a Small Business
Needs Assessment so it can better tailor its services.

In the latest assessment, which was released Monday, small business owners
across the state agreed on a few necessities: capital, employees and marketing
and advertising assistance.

Responses came from 78 of Nebraska's 93 counties, including Platte and every
surrounding county except Polk. The majority of respondents were people who have
been in business for more than one year. More than 85 percent of the businesses
have 10 or fewer full-time employees.

That matches up pretty well with the demographics in Columbus, according to
Columbus Area Chamber of Commerce President K.C. Belitz, who said approximately
650 of the chamber's members fit this profile. By comparison, only 162 chamber
members have more than 10 employees.

When asked what their greatest need was when starting a business, 119 of the 406
survey respondents said startup money, and a majority of those people listed the
amount needed at less than $50,000. Those would be considered microloans and are
not typically the purview of banks.

"That's where programs like REAP come into play," said Jeff Reynolds, REAP
program director. "It's upon us to sometimes take a risk."

Reynolds said five years ago REAP granted 60 microloans to small businesses.
That number climbed to 123 loans granted in 2016.

Some cities, like Schuyler and Columbus, offer small business loans through
economic development funds generated by local sales taxes. But it's up to local
governments to provide those loans, and they are not available everywhere.

Not all survey respondents said they needed a microloan -- 19.2 percent gave a
number higher than $300,000. Because of federal regulations, Belitz said it's
become harder for business owners to secure those loans from banks. And Nebraska
doesn't have an infrastructure of venture capitalists to fill that gap.

Alongside capital issues, many respondents said the cost of hiring new staff
prohibits them from growing their business.

For many employers, that cost stems from the necessary time to train someone for
their position. Belitz pointed out that in a market with a low unemployment
rate, such as Columbus, there's a higher risk that an employee will leave after
a company has invested in training them.

"It's terribly expensive to have turnover," he said. "But in this labor market
you have turnover."

Another factor is the expected salary and growing cost of benefits, especially
health care. Belitz said something has to be done legislatively to address the
issue because the situation has become "unsustainable."

Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox

1

html

subscribe

The Columbus Telegram

CST

email@newsletter.columbustelegram.com

Sign Up!

C2F278094FACCEA6F9A7E7E48BB561CF

ColumbusTelegram.com Daily Headlines

C2F278094FACCEA6BD7EBA67DA537F42

Obituaries

I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes
agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy.

Another need is marketing and advertising. Reynolds said the media landscape has
changed so rapidly that small business owners don't know how to find and reach
potential customers.

"There's a lot of people like me out there that need to be trained in how to do
marketing on the internet," said Reynolds. "And it's not just enough to know how
to do it. You need to have people around you that are proficient in that topic."

Some professional marketers have seized the opportunity by setting up shop in
larger cities, but Reynolds said their fees are beyond what most small business
owners can afford.

In 2008, REAP's survey found business owners needed help with bookkeeping. In
response, the group developed bookkeeping training that Reynolds said is still
highly utilized. He suggested that something similar may be developed to address
the marketing and advertising need.

Another possible program under discussion is a credit-building loan for business
owners who have nonexistent or bad credit. It would allow them to build their
credit score and gain access to better financial resources.

After each survey, the REAP team goes on a retreat to work through a two-year
plan that will take into consideration the needs given in the survey. The 2017
retreat will be in early March, after which the next two-year plan will be
announced.

___ (c)2016 the Columbus Telegram (Columbus, Neb.) Visit the Columbus Telegram
(Columbus, Neb.) at www.columbustelegram.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161208-CU-Report-identifies-needs-of-small-business-owners-1208-20161208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CU


                        Copyright 2016 Columbus Telegram


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: 6 Options for Financing Your Small Business Marketing Plan

LENGTH: 575  words

DATELINE: Washington


Small Business Administration has issued the following news release:

According to LegalZoom, small businesses spend up to 50 percent of their sales
on introductory or marketing launch programs, while established businesses can
spend up to 30 percent.

That may sound like a considerable chunk of change, but marketing is a must for
small businesses - it gets you attention, helps build brand, generates demand
and wins customers. But too often, marketing is seen as an unnecessary frivolity
and is often the first cut from budgets when cash flow projections aren't so
healthy.

So how should you finance your small business marketing? If you can't afford to
allocate a sufficient slice of your sales revenue to fund your marketing
strategy, you might consider financing it just as you would new equipment or
inventory. Let's take a look at your options.
If you're starting up

Credit cards, crowd-funding and even friends and family are popular sources of
financing for new businesses. Another popular option for new businesses is a
line of credit.

A line of credit is a given amount of money you can borrow when you need it, and
repay back when you don't. Because you can draw on it when you need it, you can
continue to finance your marketing strategy over time. Lines of credit can also
be more advantageous to start-ups because you only have to pay interest on the
money you use - if your credit line balance is zero one month - you pay nothing,
much like a credit card.

Read more about your options in Marco Carbajo's blog: Which Unsecured Business
Lines of Credit are Best for Your Business?
If your business is established

A line of credit and the other funding sources mentioned above are still useful
for established businesses, but as your business matures and becomes both
profitable and cash-flow positive, you may want to consider obtaining a loan to
finance your marketing.

One option is the SBA Microloan program. These loans range from $500 to $50,000
and are administered by microlenders (as opposed to traditional banks who won't
consider lending such small amounts). Microloans are well suited to start-up and
smaller businesses such as retailers, restaurants, hair salons, and so on, that
don't have huge financing needs and may or may not have great credit. Inc.com
offers a great explanation of the pros and cons of microloans.

If you need more funds, consider the SBA Express loan program. A subset of SBA's
flagship 7(a) loan program, SBA Express is designed for businesses with
financing needs up to $350,000. The proceeds can be used to finance a variety of
business activities and no collateral is required for loans up to $25,000
(although a business plan and strong business credit are essential). The
application process is also more streamlined and benefits businesses who need
easy access to funding - loans are usually reviewed and approved within 36
hours.

Read more about what SBA loans are all about and talk to an SBA lender to help
determine your eligibility for the Express program.
The bottom line

Marketing is an investment in future sales - whether you're a freelancer in need
of a new website to attract more clients or a retail store looking to generate
more foot traffic. Don't ignore it. If you're not convinced, read these 10
Reasons You Can't Afford Not to Market Your Small Business from the Udemy blog.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

How do we apply the microcredit model in Canada?

BYLINE: CRAIG KIELBURGER & MARC KIELBURGER

SECTION: GLOBE LIFE COLUMN; LIVE BETTER / ASK THE KIELBURGERS; Pg. L4

LENGTH: 554 words


livebetter@globeandmail.com

THE QUESTION

Your work focuses a lot on helping people in other countries develop their own
source of income. But in rich countries like Canada, millions depend on welfare
income and still live in poverty. How do we apply those overseas models here?

THE ANSWER

In December, we travelled in Africa with Sir Richard Branson, the billionaire
founder of the Virgin Group and avid philanthropist. We visited microcredit
programs that provide small loans to people in poor communities to start
businesses and become financially self-sufficient.

During that journey, he pondered aloud whether such a model could apply to the
developed world and achieve scale through commercial banking. He told us that in
November he bought a bank in England (the first time we've heard someone say
those words) with the intention of creating a similar microloan program for
British residents, modelled on the successes achieved overseas.

Microcredit is a simple but powerful concept: Lend small amounts to people who
wouldn't have the collateral for a regular bank loan to start a self-run
business. Because the loans typically go to groups of people who vouch for and
support each other, repayment rates are as high as 99 per cent.

The pioneering microcredit institution was the Grameen Bank, based in
Bangladesh, and founded by economist and eventual Nobel Peace Laureate Muhammad
Yunus in 1976. In 2008, the nonprofit Grameen America was launched in New York
to provide microloans to Americans living below the poverty line to start their
own small businesses. So far more than $32-million (U.S.) has been lent to 8,400
entrepreneurs, and five new branches have opened in three U.S. cities. Another
nonprofit, ACCION USA, has lent more than $100-million to almost 20,000
individual low- and moderate-income entrepreneurs since 1991.

In Canada, the first well-known microloan experiment was undertaken by
Calmeadow, an Ontario-based global microfinance organization started by ACE
Bakery founders Martin Connell and Linda Haynes. The lessons learned in
Calmeadow's Nova Scotia, Toronto and Vancouver experiences in the 1990s have
informed further attempts, most successfully by a handful of Canada's credit
unions, from Alterna to Vancity, who have stepped up to further develop the
model with various products and tools for micro-entrepreneurs.

Maybe Canada needs something like Kiva.org - an online microcredit organization
that allows "lenders" to support a business plan submitted by an overseas
family, farmer or entrepreneur. Using this online platform, so far more than
650,000 individuals have lent a quarter-billion dollars to more than 700,000
entrepreneurs in 60 countries.

Microcredit isn't a cure-all, but its spirit of supporting entrepreneurship
could be helpful for tackling some of the challenges of poverty in this country.

Craig and Marc Kielburger co-founded Free the Children. Follow Craig at
facebook.com/craigkielburger and @craigkielburger on Twitter. Send questions to
Livebetter@globeandmail.com

*****

THE TIP / conserve water

Save water by keeping your plant-watering jug next to your kitchen sink, and
fill it with the water you'd otherwise waste waiting for it to get hot or cold.
Excerpted from Living Me to We, to be published April, 2012, by Greystone Books
and Me to We Books.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                              June 1, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Small loans a big idea

BYLINE: Lee Prokaska, The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 487  words


But for the sake of a few dollars, so many great ideas have failed to gain
traction.

Looking for credit when you only need -- in relative terms -- a little, can be
like finding that first job. Without a track record, it's hard to get a foot in
the door.

That's why the new microlending program developed by Hamilton-based FirstOntario
Credit Union is critically important as a tool for socio-economic growth. The
program isn't specifically targeted at immigrants, but new Canadians will likely
be among those who benefit most.

Microlending means just what it says -- such programs lend relatively small
amounts of money to entrepreneurs so they can get themselves started in a small
business venture. Generally those who receive microloans don't need big loans --
and wouldn't qualify for them anyway.

Microlending has been successful in developing countries as a route to
self-sufficiency for many budding entrepreneurs living in poverty. But the idea
also been applied in developed countries, including the United States, as a way
to help people set up their own businesses and, ultimately, create jobs.

In Hamilton, FirstOntario is providing a pool of $100,000 for an initial
six-month microlending pilot project. That's enough to finance 40 proposals,
with loans of up to $2,500 each. The basic requirement is completing a business
skills course created specifically to support applications for microloans.

This is a great idea that has been percolating for almost two years. Four
community agencies -- Welcome Inn, Settlement and Integration Services
Organization, St. Joseph's Immigrant Women's Centre and Today's Family -- were
looking for ways to alleviate the burden of poverty and lack of jobs,
particularly among immigrants. The four agencies are now backing the
FirstOntario initiative.

It makes good sense to require the business skills course to qualify for one of
these microloans. Creativity and great ideas don't necessarily come with
ready-made business savvy. How often do we hear of a business folding not
because the product or service was substandard, but because business smarts were
lacking. The goal of the FirstOntario initiative is to see entrepreneurs
succeed; providing the skills as well as the seed money makes success that much
more likely -- and attainable.

Last month's economic summit heard our city needs to work harder to attract and
retain immigrants to grow a diverse and vibrant local economy. Despite our large
immigrant population, the lack of local job opportunities is one of the primary
barriers to a more robust, productive and fulfilled community of new Canadians.
Nonimmigrants looking to became small business operators also stand to benefit
from the FirstOntario initiative, which is a perfect fit for our city and
deserves our hearty support.

Editorials are written by members of the editorial board. They represent the
position of the newspaper, not necessarily the individual author.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                              June 1, 2010 Tuesday
                                  MET Edition

Small loans a big idea

BYLINE: Lee Prokaska The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 487  words


But for the sake of a few dollars, so many great ideas have failed to gain
traction.

Looking for credit when you only need -- in relative terms -- a little, can be
like finding that first job. Without a track record, it's hard to get a foot in
the door.

That's why the new microlending program developed by Hamilton-based FirstOntario
Credit Union is critically important as a tool for socio-economic growth. The
program isn't specifically targeted at immigrants, but new Canadians will likely
be among those who benefit most.

Microlending means just what it says -- such programs lend relatively small
amounts of money to entrepreneurs so they can get themselves started in a small
business venture. Generally those who receive microloans don't need big loans --
and wouldn't qualify for them anyway.

Microlending has been successful in developing countries as a route to
self-sufficiency for many budding entrepreneurs living in poverty. But the idea
also been applied in developed countries, including the United States, as a way
to help people set up their own businesses and, ultimately, create jobs.

In Hamilton, FirstOntario is providing a pool of $100,000 for an initial
six-month microlending pilot project. That's enough to finance 40 proposals,
with loans of up to $2,500 each. The basic requirement is completing a business
skills course created specifically to support applications for microloans.

This is a great idea that has been percolating for almost two years. Four
community agencies -- Welcome Inn, Settlement and Integration Services
Organization, St. Joseph's Immigrant Women's Centre and Today's Family -- were
looking for ways to alleviate the burden of poverty and lack of jobs,
particularly among immigrants. The four agencies are now backing the
FirstOntario initiative.

It makes good sense to require the business skills course to qualify for one of
these microloans. Creativity and great ideas don't necessarily come with
ready-made business savvy. How often do we hear of a business folding not
because the product or service was substandard, but because business smarts were
lacking. The goal of the FirstOntario initiative is to see entrepreneurs
succeed; providing the skills as well as the seed money makes success that much
more likely -- and attainable.

Last month's economic summit heard our city needs to work harder to attract and
retain immigrants to grow a diverse and vibrant local economy. Despite our large
immigrant population, the lack of local job opportunities is one of the primary
barriers to a more robust, productive and fulfilled community of new Canadians.
Nonimmigrants looking to became small business operators also stand to benefit
from the FirstOntario initiative, which is a perfect fit for our city and
deserves our hearty support.

Editorials are written by members of the editorial board. They represent the
position of the newspaper, not necessarily the individual author.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                              June 1, 2010 Tuesday
                                  MET Edition

Small loans a big idea

BYLINE: Lee Prokaska The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 487  words


But for the sake of a few dollars, so many great ideas have failed to gain
traction.

Looking for credit when you only need -- in relative terms -- a little, can be
like finding that first job. Without a track record, it's hard to get a foot in
the door.

That's why the new microlending program developed by Hamilton-based FirstOntario
Credit Union is critically important as a tool for socio-economic growth. The
program isn't specifically targeted at immigrants, but new Canadians will likely
be among those who benefit most.

Microlending means just what it says -- such programs lend relatively small
amounts of money to entrepreneurs so they can get themselves started in a small
business venture. Generally those who receive microloans don't need big loans --
and wouldn't qualify for them anyway.

Microlending has been successful in developing countries as a route to
self-sufficiency for many budding entrepreneurs living in poverty. But the idea
also been applied in developed countries, including the United States, as a way
to help people set up their own businesses and, ultimately, create jobs.

In Hamilton, FirstOntario is providing a pool of $100,000 for an initial
six-month microlending pilot project. That's enough to finance 40 proposals,
with loans of up to $2,500 each. The basic requirement is completing a business
skills course created specifically to support applications for microloans.

This is a great idea that has been percolating for almost two years. Four
community agencies -- Welcome Inn, Settlement and Integration Services
Organization, St. Joseph's Immigrant Women's Centre and Today's Family -- were
looking for ways to alleviate the burden of poverty and lack of jobs,
particularly among immigrants. The four agencies are now backing the
FirstOntario initiative.

It makes good sense to require the business skills course to qualify for one of
these microloans. Creativity and great ideas don't necessarily come with
ready-made business savvy. How often do we hear of a business folding not
because the product or service was substandard, but because business smarts were
lacking. The goal of the FirstOntario initiative is to see entrepreneurs
succeed; providing the skills as well as the seed money makes success that much
more likely -- and attainable.

Last month's economic summit heard our city needs to work harder to attract and
retain immigrants to grow a diverse and vibrant local economy. Despite our large
immigrant population, the lack of local job opportunities is one of the primary
barriers to a more robust, productive and fulfilled community of new Canadians.
Nonimmigrants looking to became small business operators also stand to benefit
from the FirstOntario initiative, which is a perfect fit for our city and
deserves our hearty support.

Editorials are written by members of the editorial board. They represent the
position of the newspaper, not necessarily the individual author.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday

'Microlending' could be a big help for business;
U.S. Small Business Administration seeks to add a program in Jacksonville

BYLINE: David Bauerlein

SECTION: Pg. B-8

LENGTH: 313 words


The head of the U.S. Small Business Administration said Tuesday she wants to
establish a "microlending" program in Jacksonville where small business owners
can get loans for up to $50,000.

Small Business Administration Secre-tary Karen Mills came to Jacksonville for
Mayor Alvin Brown's inaugural Business Builder summit, aimed at helping small
businesses grow and hire more workers.

The average amount of a microloan is $13,000. It's much less than the $5 million
maximum for other types of Small Business Administration loans, but Mills said
microlending fills a niche.

Brown said the program fits into his push to give small businesses more access
to credit.

The Small Business Administration has teamed up with 178 nonprofit organizations
nationwide to offer the microloans. Seven lenders are in Florida, but none are
located in Northeast Florida.

Mills said when she travels around the country, she hears small business owners
say one of their biggest needs is access to smaller loans.

"We know a $50,000 loan can be the difference between thinking about starting a
business and actually getting it going," she said.

Mills was among the speakers at the Business Builder summit, which attracted
about 460 people. Brown plans to have another session in May for small business
owners.

"When you are successful, Jacksonville is successful," he told attendees at the
Prime Osborn Convention Center in downtown.

Wilfredo Gonzales, district director in Jacksonville for the Small Business
Administration, said it's been tough finding a Jacksonville nonprofit that meets
the requirement of two years experience making loans and also two years of
counseling businesses.

He said when Mills arrived in Jacksonville, she made clear on the way from the
airport that Brown was interested in the microloan program for Jacksonville.

"It's going to get done," Gonzales said.

David Bauerlein: (904) 359-4581

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Bob.Self@jacksonville.com Karen Mills, the administrator of the U.S. Small
Business Administration, and Jacksonville Mayor Alvin Brown talk with members of
the media during a break in Tuesday's Business Builder conference.
Steve.Nelson@jacksonville.com Graphic: SMALL BUSINESS LENDING COMING BACK

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Florida Times-Union


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Times (Perth, Australia)

                            September 7, 2014 Sunday
                              SundayTimes Edition

Microloan beats an ice gesture

BYLINE: SCOTT PAPE THE BAREFOOT INVESTOR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 715 words


You've heard about the ice bucket challenge, right?

For those of you who don't have Facebook (my old man), the ice bucket challenge
is a fundraiser for the ALS (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis) Association. It
involves filming yourself dumping a bucket of iced water over your head, and
then challenging your mates to do the same.

It's like a socially acceptable selfie. And that's precisely why it's become a
huge social media phenomenon, raising a staggering $US100 million in a month.

Everyone is doing it: Bieber, Gaga, and others pictured right, even your Uncle
Clive.

The last time the internet got taken with a cause like this was KONY 2012. Now
some critics have questioned the charity behind the challenge, which only spends
27 per cent of its donations on research.

Others have argued that it's a giant waste of water. Yet my argument is that you
don't have to pour a bucket of ice over yourself to donate money. In fact, you
don't have to donate money at all - you can lend it out.

Kiva Kharma Over the years I've been a huge supporter of the microfinance
sensation Kiva.org - a Web 2.0-styled not-for-profit.

For the uninitiated, Kiva.org allows you to make microloans (starting at $25)
directly to some of the world's poorest entrepreneurs. They in turn use your
loan to start a business, and in the process often pull themselves (and their
families) out of poverty.

Think of Kiva as the eBay for microloans. Kiva works with local microfinance
institutions to collect repayments from entrepreneurs and provide lenders
(that's you) with updates on how the entrepreneurs are progressing - and an
impressive 98.77 per cent of loans are repaid in full.

Really, where else can you spend $25 and get such a bang for your buck these
days?

You'll be directly responsible, for example, for a goat farmer in sub-Saharan
Africa building up their business and putting goat on the table. Eventually
they'll finish repaying the loan, at which time you'll be able to lend your
money out to another worthy Third World entrepreneur.

Another bonus is that Kiva gives you a "teachable moment" with your kids. They
get to see real people take what they'd blow on a pizza after school and
transform their entire family.

The Barefoot Investor Kiva Challenge After I wrote about Kiva in 2008, a bunch
of readers and I got together and formed the Barefoot Investor Kiva lending
team.

We currently have 1062 team members, who as a group have loaned out $279,000 to
10,321 entrepreneurs.

So today I'd like to issue a challenge to you: join the Barefoot Investor Kiva
lending team.

You don't need an ice bucket, water or a camera.

All you need is $25.

Simply Google "Barefoot Investor Kiva Lending Team" and join our (totally
not-for-profit) team.

Tread Your Own Path!

Question of the week Hi Scott, I've lost my financial independence and I don't
know how to get it back. How can I be a married woman and still have my
financial independence?

Hi Christine, I'm sorry but I can't help you with that.

I don't think it's possible to have financial independence from your husband -
after all, you're a team. However, if your real issue is "my husband uses the
fact that he's the breadwinner to treat me like a teenager because I'm a
stay-at-home mum", well, I can help you with that.

It's actually really simple. You both need to have an equal "vote" with how you
spend your family income.

Let me tell you how my wife and I do it.

We share a day-to-day bank account. It's a conscious choice, in that it forces
us to communicate about our money (if my wife was ever caught out at the
supermarket with "insufficient funds" there'd certainly be "open dialogue").

Thankfully that doesn't happen because we have just one beautifully simple
agreement: we have the independence to spend our money on whatever each of us
likes - up to $400 on any one item. For any purchase over that, we agree to
discuss it first, and plan accordingly (the actual spending figure doesn't
matter, it could be higher or lower, depending on your income).

In the time we've been married, neither of us has ever overruled the other on a
spending purchase (though I must confess it did lead me to invest in Country
Road shares as a way of playing the other side of the transaction).Honestly,
though, it's really helped us grow closer - without the need for Dr Phil.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Sunday Times


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Times (Perth, Australia)

                            September 7, 2014 Sunday
                              SundayTimes Edition

Microloan beats an ice gesture

BYLINE: SCOTT PAPE THE BAREFOOT INVESTOR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 715 words


You've heard about the ice bucket challenge, right?

For those of you who don't have Facebook (my old man), the ice bucket challenge
is a fundraiser for the ALS (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis) Association. It
involves filming yourself dumping a bucket of iced water over your head, and
then challenging your mates to do the same.

It's like a socially acceptable selfie. And that's precisely why it's become a
huge social media phenomenon, raising a staggering $US100 million in a month.

Everyone is doing it: Bieber, Gaga, and others pictured right, even your Uncle
Clive.

The last time the internet got taken with a cause like this was KONY 2012. Now
some critics have questioned the charity behind the challenge, which only spends
27 per cent of its donations on research.

Others have argued that it's a giant waste of water. Yet my argument is that you
don't have to pour a bucket of ice over yourself to donate money. In fact, you
don't have to donate money at all - you can lend it out.

Kiva Kharma Over the years I've been a huge supporter of the microfinance
sensation Kiva.org - a Web 2.0-styled not-for-profit.

For the uninitiated, Kiva.org allows you to make microloans (starting at $25)
directly to some of the world's poorest entrepreneurs. They in turn use your
loan to start a business, and in the process often pull themselves (and their
families) out of poverty.

Think of Kiva as the eBay for microloans. Kiva works with local microfinance
institutions to collect repayments from entrepreneurs and provide lenders
(that's you) with updates on how the entrepreneurs are progressing - and an
impressive 98.77 per cent of loans are repaid in full.

Really, where else can you spend $25 and get such a bang for your buck these
days?

You'll be directly responsible, for example, for a goat farmer in sub-Saharan
Africa building up their business and putting goat on the table. Eventually
they'll finish repaying the loan, at which time you'll be able to lend your
money out to another worthy Third World entrepreneur.

Another bonus is that Kiva gives you a "teachable moment" with your kids. They
get to see real people take what they'd blow on a pizza after school and
transform their entire family.

The Barefoot Investor Kiva Challenge After I wrote about Kiva in 2008, a bunch
of readers and I got together and formed the Barefoot Investor Kiva lending
team.

We currently have 1062 team members, who as a group have loaned out $279,000 to
10,321 entrepreneurs.

So today I'd like to issue a challenge to you: join the Barefoot Investor Kiva
lending team.

You don't need an ice bucket, water or a camera.

All you need is $25.

Simply Google "Barefoot Investor Kiva Lending Team" and join our (totally
not-for-profit) team.

Tread Your Own Path!

Question of the week Hi Scott, I've lost my financial independence and I don't
know how to get it back. How can I be a married woman and still have my
financial independence?

Hi Christine, I'm sorry but I can't help you with that.

I don't think it's possible to have financial independence from your husband -
after all, you're a team. However, if your real issue is "my husband uses the
fact that he's the breadwinner to treat me like a teenager because I'm a
stay-at-home mum", well, I can help you with that.

It's actually really simple. You both need to have an equal "vote" with how you
spend your family income.

Let me tell you how my wife and I do it.

We share a day-to-day bank account. It's a conscious choice, in that it forces
us to communicate about our money (if my wife was ever caught out at the
supermarket with "insufficient funds" there'd certainly be "open dialogue").

Thankfully that doesn't happen because we have just one beautifully simple
agreement: we have the independence to spend our money on whatever each of us
likes - up to $400 on any one item. For any purchase over that, we agree to
discuss it first, and plan accordingly (the actual spending figure doesn't
matter, it could be higher or lower, depending on your income).

In the time we've been married, neither of us has ever overruled the other on a
spending purchase (though I must confess it did lead me to invest in Country
Road shares as a way of playing the other side of the transaction).Honestly,
though, it's really helped us grow closer - without the need for Dr Phil.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Sunday Times


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            January 4, 2011 Tuesday

Incentives, microloans pay off for Boulder, local businesses

BYLINE: Amy Bounds Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 685 words


Celestial Seasonings considered moving to Longmont when it decided to expand,
but stayed in Boulder in part because of a business incentive offered by the
city.


IBM also decided to locate a new customer service center at the Boulder campus,
eTown stuck with Boulder after being courted by Fort Collins and restaurant
supply company Tundra Specialities chose a new location in Boulder when it
decided to expand.





 Business incentives offered through Boulder's flexible rebate program helped
the city keep all those companies here, said Liz Hanson, Boulder's economic
development coordinator.



 "The program is doing exactly what we intended it to do," she said. "Keeping
primary employers in Boulder is really key to Boulder's financial health. Many
cities these companies are evaluating have much larger incentive packages. It
gives us something to put on the table for discussion."



 The flexible rebate program is one of the city's business incentives, first
approved by the City Council in September 2006. The program covers a wide range
of fees and equipment and construction use taxes. Once companies are approved
for the program and pay fees and taxes to the city, those fees can be rebated up
to the amount approved by the city manager.



 The Boulder Economic Council recently reviewed the 2009 program, calculating a
return on investment for the seven participating companies, which received
$209,979 in rebates. On average, according to the review, the program provided
an average return of $28 in sales taxes for every $1 the city spent. The city is
expected to recoup $5.6 million in three years, according to the analysis.



 The seven participating companies in 2009 were Celestial Seasonings, eTown,
IBM, Sea to Summit, Stratom Inc., Tundra Specialties and Visionlink.



 Of the seven, only two generated a large return on investment. IBM generated
about $134 per dollar and Celestial Seasonings generated $18 per dollar. The
rest ranged from about $6 to about $1 per dollar.



 Shelley Dunbar, co-owner of Sea to Summit, said her outdoor products wholesale
company outgrew its original Boulder location, prompting it to apply for a
rebate to offset the cost of finishing an existing shell of a building that more
than doubled the company's space.



 "It's pretty expensive to locate in the city limits," she said. "It allowed us
to stay in Boulder rather than go to a less expensive town."



 For 2010, five companies submitted applications for rebates prior to the Dec. 1
deadline -- Covidien, Spectra Logic, Trada, Microsoft and Rally Software.
Covidien and Spectra Logic both were approved, while the other three are
pending. The city budgeted $350,000 for the program.



 The city also evaluated its microloan program, a partnership between the city
and local banks and the Colorado Enterprise Fund that started in June 2009 to
address the needs of small businesses during the economic downturn. The program
gave $325,000 to 11 small businesses, including a hair salon, a child care
center and a dog daycare business.



 "It was very successful," Hanson said. "It's companies that just needed a
little more access to capital."



 She said the city now is working with banks to try to raise money to offer a
second round of loans.



 One of the recipients was Cafe Aion, a restaurant that opened in the University
Hill area in April. Dakota Soifer, one of the owners, said he didn't have many
options for raising start-up money.



 "The bank sort of giggled when we asked about a loan," he said. "We were in a
difficult situation."



 So the owners applied to the city and initially were denied, but later were
approved on appeal for a $25,000 loan. The Mediterranean themed restaurant
opened in April.



 "It was really nice to feel the support from the city," he said.



 Contact Camera Staff Writer Amy Bounds at 303-473-1132 or
boundsa@dailycamera.com

Brandi Gilbert, left, and Darrell Jackson, both Ph.D. students at the University
of Colorado, relax after a late lunch at the Cafe Aion on University Hill in
Boulder on Tuesday. The café s owners relied on a loan through the city of
Boulder s microloan program to start the business.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brandi Gilbert, left, and Darrell Jackson, both Ph.D. students at the
University of Colorado, relax after a late lunch at the Cafe Aion on University
Hill in Boulder on Tuesday. The café s owners relied on a loan through the city
of Boulder s microloan program to start the business. Brandi Gilbert, left, and
Darrell Jackson, both Ph.D. students at the University of Colorado, relax after
a late lunch at the Cafe Aion on University Hill in Boulder on Tuesday. The café
s owners relied on a loan through the city of Boulder s microloan program to
start the business.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Surprise donation seeds new loan program

BYLINE: Bridget Flynn, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 345 words


Dec. 05--ROCK FALLS -- When Carol Fitzgerald, executive director of YWCA of the
Sauk Valley, accepted Tuesday's lunch invitation, she didn't know she was going
to receive $3,500 to help start her dream program.

Fitzgerald's Fearless Future Microloan Fund will give loans to women in Lee and
Whiteside counties so they can improve their lives. The money will pay for GED
test fees, job uniforms, computer training and the like. Loan payments will go
back into the fund.

"We've had women go back to domestic violence situations because they couldn't
get a job even at a store or gas station without computer training," Fitzgerald
said.

Royal Neighbors, based in Davenport, Iowa, donated the money through its Nation
of Neighbors program.

Rita Toalson is managing editor with Royal Neighbors.

The microloan fund is "all about empowering women, and that's what Nation of
Neighbors is all about," she said. "It empowers other women who will go on and
when they start a new job or open a new business, they in turn will empower
other women.

"It's what we call neighboring it forward."

Royal Neighbors gave money for a different YWCA project recently, so when he was
invited to the luncheon meeting at Candlelight Inn in Rock Falls, she thought
she was being invited as a past recipient, she said.

Click here to see video

"Oh, my goodness," she said when she was told the news by John Espinoza, who
nominated her.

"This is amazing," she told the group. "As you can see, I'm just dazzled."

Fitzgerald, 62, said the loans might be given only to women it already is
serving through its existing programs. The YWCA serves thousands a year, she
said.

"It's been a need that we've been identifying for a long time."

To help

To donate to or learn more about the Fearless Future Microloan Fund, call YWCA
of the Sauk Valley Executive Director Carol Fitzgerald at 815-625-0333, or stop
by the YWCA, 412 First Ave. in Sterling or 115 W. First St. in Dixon.

___ (c)2012 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121205-YG-Surprise-donation-seeds-new-loan-program-1205-20121205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2012 Daily Gazette


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              June 5, 1992, Friday

Microloans help sow the seeds of business

BYLINE: Jeff Dickersonbusiness; government; aid; finances

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 10

LENGTH: 452 words


Want to make a dent in poverty? Want to give people a stake in their
communities, so they do not tear them up in frustration as in Los Angeles? Want
to provide the seeds to business formation in communities sorely in need of
businesses and jobs? Want to help communities and individuals help themselves?

The Small Business Administration may have come up with an answer, at least in
part, to the cry in inner cities and rural areas for help. The idea is in
microloans.

Thousands of folks are struggling, with the most meager of resources, to launch
a business. Their businesses right now are run from kitchen tables, basements or
garages. A few thousand dollars to such a business could mean the difference
between success and failure.

Where to come up with a few thousand, however? Banks routinely turn down loans
to businesses much more established than these. The motion of getting a loan on
a signature to launch a small enterprise is from a bygone era.

Neither is the SBA much assistance, ordinarily, to these would-be entrepreneurs.
Its notion of a "small loan" is about $ 100,000. These young firms need $ 500
for a sewing machine, $ 1,000 for a wood lathe, $ 5,000 to buy equipment and pay
the first month's rent of a retail shop.

Finally, the SBA is attempting to fill this void. Congress has authorized $ 15
million in "microloans." Some 35 non-profit lenders in 30 states have received
loans for up to $ 750,000 to lend to small-business persons.

The loans are targeted, in part, at women and minorities working on kitchen
tables to build a business. Half the loans must be made to businesses in rural
area.

Microloans of $ 500 or $ 600 could require no more than a sound business idea
and a handshake. The maximum amount, $ 254,000, will require collateral.

Help in georgia will be available through the Small Business Assistance Group in
Savannah, which received $ 175,000 to relend.

The SBA says the program was in the works before the urban rioting in Los
Angeles. But the initiative seems well-suited to overcoming the frustrations
there.

People need a stake in their communities. They need to know that help is
available when they're trying to help themselves. They need, and government
should be able to provide, help without requiring folks to wade through layers
of government bureaucracy.

The $ 15 million isn't much, and Georgia's $ 175,000 is a pittance. But if the
program launches just a few successful businesses, it will pay for itself. And
if it scores a few successes, Congress will be inclined to commit much more to
it.

Small businesses are where the bulk of America's jobs come from. We need to sow
those seeds. There is no better place than at ground level.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH921930232

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              June 5, 1992, Friday

Microloans help sow the seeds of business

BYLINE: Jeff Dickersonbusiness; government; aid; finances

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 10

LENGTH: 452 words


Want to make a dent in poverty? Want to give people a stake in their
communities, so they do not tear them up in frustration as in Los Angeles? Want
to provide the seeds to business formation in communities sorely in need of
businesses and jobs? Want to help communities and individuals help themselves?

The Small Business Administration may have come up with an answer, at least in
part, to the cry in inner cities and rural areas for help. The idea is in
microloans.

Thousands of folks are struggling, with the most meager of resources, to launch
a business. Their businesses right now are run from kitchen tables, basements or
garages. A few thousand dollars to such a business could mean the difference
between success and failure.

Where to come up with a few thousand, however? Banks routinely turn down loans
to businesses much more established than these. The motion of getting a loan on
a signature to launch a small enterprise is from a bygone era.

Neither is the SBA much assistance, ordinarily, to these would-be entrepreneurs.
Its notion of a "small loan" is about $ 100,000. These young firms need $ 500
for a sewing machine, $ 1,000 for a wood lathe, $ 5,000 to buy equipment and pay
the first month's rent of a retail shop.

Finally, the SBA is attempting to fill this void. Congress has authorized $ 15
million in "microloans." Some 35 non-profit lenders in 30 states have received
loans for up to $ 750,000 to lend to small-business persons.

The loans are targeted, in part, at women and minorities working on kitchen
tables to build a business. Half the loans must be made to businesses in rural
area.

Microloans of $ 500 or $ 600 could require no more than a sound business idea
and a handshake. The maximum amount, $ 254,000, will require collateral.

Help in georgia will be available through the Small Business Assistance Group in
Savannah, which received $ 175,000 to relend.

The SBA says the program was in the works before the urban rioting in Los
Angeles. But the initiative seems well-suited to overcoming the frustrations
there.

People need a stake in their communities. They need to know that help is
available when they're trying to help themselves. They need, and government
should be able to provide, help without requiring folks to wade through layers
of government bureaucracy.

The $ 15 million isn't much, and Georgia's $ 175,000 is a pittance. But if the
program launches just a few successful businesses, it will pay for itself. And
if it scores a few successes, Congress will be inclined to commit much more to
it.

Small businesses are where the bulk of America's jobs come from. We need to sow
those seeds. There is no better place than at ground level.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 20, 2010 Saturday

Encouraging the entrepreneurial spirit;
New program brings microfinance loans to Jane-Fine community

BYLINE: ANNA MEHLER PAPERNY AND TAVIA GRANT

SECTION: TORONTO NEWS; SMALL BUSINESS LOANS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 1465 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


No conventional bank in its right mind would give Cleoni Crawford a loan.

And she can recite, from memory, the responses she got when she tried.

" 'You're going to need a co-signer, there's nothing we can do.' 'Do you have
any assets, do you have any savings?'"

She rolls her eyes, holds her hands up, empty. "Um, hello?"

Ms. Crawford was operating her fashion-design business out of her home at Jane
and Sheppard, lugging clothing samples on the bus to visit potential clients.

She also had a credit rating that would give a banker the shakes. In 2006,
within seven months of graduating from the University of Toronto with a pile of
student loans, she defaulted on her credit-card debt.

That record didn't matter to the loan review committee at Black Creek
Microcredit Program. Did she have a business plan, they asked?

"I'm like, 'Look, I have all of that. I can get it to you in two days.' "

Last month, her loan came through - $5,000 that translates into the first and
last month's rent on her first office, and a machine for her clothing.

Ms. Crawford was Black Creek's inaugural client - a test run for a community
initiative that launched last Tuesday. Its organizers hope it will help
transform Toronto's Jane-Finch neighbourhood, which for a decade has been one of
the city's most notorious pockets of poverty.

It's both an audacious idea and a disarmingly simple one: To turn a notoriously
marginalized community into an incubator for local entrepreneurship by making
seed money available to people who can't get their hands on the cash they need
to start a business.

The microcredit initiative that won the Grameen Bank's Muhammad Yunus a Nobel
Peace Prize is better known for its work in Bangladesh and Kenya than Burlington
and Kamloops. But from coast to coast, Canadian institutions have been quietly
testing out microfinance. The approach varies, but the underlying goal is the
same - to boost economic self-sufficiency among people with a shaky or limited
credit history and little collateral.

Low-income Canadians are stuck in a Catch-22, explains York University economics
professor Brenda Spotton Visano. They want to start or expand their business,
but need capital; to get a loan, they need equity or a credit rating they don't
have.

The beneficial effects of enabling entrepreneurs are obvious, she says. On an
economic level, you have people off social assistance and paying taxes; if
they're successful, they employ others. But there are less tangible effects on a
community, as well.

"You start to make a difference where the community comes together ... there are
people in my community who not only believe in me but they're going to support
me. That's where you start to see indicators around self-actualization start to
improve."

In Black Creek's case, Access Community Capital is the guarantor on loans from
Alterna Savings Union. Would-be borrowers submit a business plan, sit through an
interview with someone on the loan review committee and, if their plan is sound,
get a $5,000 loan as well as access to business-mentoring programs.

One thing these agencies aren't is self-sustaining. You can't run a microloan
organization that will make enough from investments and interest payments to
keep it afloat, even with the high repayment rates that Access and other
institutions have enjoyed.

"It's not self-financing, it should not be expected to be self-financing," Prof.
Spotton Visano said. Access's programs exist thanks to volunteers. But they're
hoping grants or donations will enable them to hire salaried staff.

That lack of profitability is often a disincentive for commercial banks to offer
microloan components; groups like Alterna, which is providing the loans for
Black Creek's program, do so as part of their corporate social responsibility
arm.

"We look at a totally different skill-set [than in traditional retail loans]: We
look at the skills the individual brings, we look at their business plan, we
look at their technical and operational skills," said Susan Henry, manager of
corporate and social responsibility.

"It's a core piece for Alterna. ... We believe in servicing our community."

Some Canadian groups that began offering microloans are expanding into services
such as housing loans, business training and funding for social
entrepreneurship, says Seth Asimakos, who runs the Saint John Community Loan
Fund and tracks national trends.

"The microfinance landscape here [in Canada] is much different from in the
developing world just because of different histories of life and culture," Mr.
Asimakos said. "We've had to adapt. But we're filling a niche for people in the
rebuilding stage, who recognize they've made mistakes and want to make it
right."

Desjardins Group works with organizations in Ontario and Quebec to give
microloans to small business owners. It also gives interest-free loans of $500
to $1,500 to people in urgent need, such as having to pay rent or a heating
bill. The latter aims to avoid people turning to "abusive" high-interest
short-term loans, and counsel people about budgeting. It's mostly given to
lower-income single women or single mothers, and the average repayment rate is
89 per cent. Vancouver City Savings Credit Union offers them to immigrants who
lack a credit history and also to lower-income residents. They've expanded to
include loans for professional certification or to buy tools such as kitchen
knives or massage tables.

Rising recessionary joblessness caused applicants for its microfinance programs
to more than double last year, to 150. And VanCity wants to expand further - to
microinsurance to cushion small businesses, making overseas remittances easier
and cheaper, establishing alternatives to higher-cost payday lending and ramping
up financial literacy programs.

"It's an area of profound interest," says Catherine Ludgate, manager in
community business banking, "and we know the demand is great."

Hélène Nicole Richard is a microcredit success story: In 2006, the single mother
had no credit rating, no equity and was supplementing her substitute-teacher's
income with child-support cheques and rooms rented to Japanese language
students.

***

ENCOURAGING WHAT'S GOING RIGHT

The Black Creek Microcredit Program launched this week, but the community
microloan initiative has been more than a decade in the making.

Barry Rieder traces it to June, 1999, when the shooting death of three-year-old
Breanna Davy shattered the Jane-Finch community, and then galvanized it. Shock
and anger over the crossfire killing gave rise to a series of meetings from
different city and community organizations to determine how to revitalize the
neighbourhood.

Beautification was one suggestion. And a needs assessment.

"I told them where to go, and said it would do nothing for the social
infrastructure," said Mr. Rieder, the minister who conducted Ms. Davy's memorial
service and who has won accolades for his activism in the Jane-Finch community.

His frustration with multiple needs assessments was that they continued "to
define the community in a negative way - what's the teenage pregnancy rate?
What's the dropout rate? What's the crime rate? All those things need to be
addressed, but in itself [that assessment] becomes a problem."

He would much rather assess a community's potential. And that's where the Black
Creek Community Capacity Project comes in - to "figure out what was going right"
and to improve, among other things, employment and economic engagement.

Now, Mr. Rieder is chair of the microcredit program, one of what Access
Community Capital Fund hopes will be many microloan chapters (the first started
in Riverdale several years ago).

Gerry Campbell, Access executive director, says he would like to see the fund
expand, take on riskier clients and give them more cash.

"I've been around for eight years or so," he said. "I know the $5,000 is not
enough to help some people get their businesses going."

But Mr. Rieder argues that the idea of a community lending organization, staffed
by and serving local residents, is as important as the money it provides.

"The community base is important because it's when people realize that it's
local community members that are believing in them, they're more likely to pay
back the loans - it's not just a bank or people that they don't know," he said.
"Having local loan review officers who know the community best, they're going to
have a better understanding of which businesses work and which ones don't."

What would help, he says pointedly, is some more permanent or reliable source of
funding that would let them hire staff and make the fund more stable.

Councillor Maria Augimeri described the microloan program as "a ray of hope" for
a community that could use one.

Anna Mehler Paperny

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                              May 27, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Rivers Capital Partners - The Entrepreneurs' Fund Manager

SECTION: SME FUNDING AND DEVELOPMENT;NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 515 words


RIVERS Capital Partners, managers of the £10.5m North East Angel Fund and the
£7.5m North East Microloan Fund from the Finance for Business North East
programme, has £2m additional cash to invest in 2016.

Founded as a joint venture by Jonathan Gold, Dr John White and Peter Hiscocks
with a vision to use their entrepreneurial backgrounds to provide investment for
other entrepreneurs, Rivers know that the "next big thing" can have the smallest
beginnings. Their experiences as entrepreneurs mean they do things differently.
Now with a £2m extension this year, Rivers are looking for more aspirational
start-ups and established SMEs to support in 2016. The North East Angel Fund is
a specialist early-stage seed fund typically investing between £50,000 and
£150,000 in any one funding round. It can invest initially on its own but seeks
to involve private investors whenever appropriate.

Recognised as the flexible fund for growing innovation, it offers a tailored
investment solution, whether it be pure equity, pure loan, or anything in
between, to best suit the needs of the business. This flexibility has attracted
a large breadth of early-stage and established companies in a variety of
different sectors.

With a strong commitment to stimulating new business and developing the North
East's economy, the Fund's portfolio has created and safeguarded more than 600
jobs in the region.

The North East Microloan Fund is committed to providing straightforward loans to
local businesses anywhere between £1,000 and £25,000 with the potential in
exceptional cases to go to £50,000, working to help any eligible business, but
specifically aimed at businesses that have been struggling to secure mainstream
finance, with the purpose of stimulating the creation of new business and
securing jobs within the North East.

The Microloan Fund differs from sources of mainstream finance by focusing upon
the quality of your business model and the dedication of your team rather than
the assets you hold. With a strong commitment to stimulating new business, the
fund's portfolio has created and safeguarded more than 1200 jobs in the region.
This year Rivers are sharing their wealth of experience in successfully managing
and raising finance for their own businesses. 'The Entrepreneurs' Fund Manager'-
Rivers Capital - is partnering with the region's leading business support
organisations to educate the North East about the sources of finance available.

Determined to encourage emerging entrepreneurs, Rivers Capital will break down
"investment readiness" issues to people seeking or about to seek finance.

Jonathan Gold, managing director at Rivers said: "We know that it can be
frustrating trying to find funding to accelerate your ambitions which is why we
are committed to promoting accessible and available finance to ambitious
businesses.

"We bring a unique perspective to our investment decisions and we want to assist
as many businesses as we can to access the funding they need to thrive. Working
closely with the business support partners will help more regional businesses
achieve their vision."

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The team at Rivers Capital

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2016 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                           October 14, 2010 Thursday

Grant gives Community Development Corp. of Long Island lending power

BYLINE: Jessica DiNapoli

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 632  words


The refrain to Erin Nicosia's winter and spring went like this: "No, we're
sorry. "

It was spoken by lending officers at banks such as TD, Chase and Capital One.
Farmingville-based Teachers Federal Credit Union, where Nicosia said she had
long been an accountholder, also said no to her request for a small loan to help
her start up an artisanal cheese shop.

Despite a carefully crafted business plan, Nicosia, whose stand at the Sayville
farmer's market had developed a following, was also rejected by Stony Brook
University's Small Business Development Center.

Staffers there, however, pointed Nicosia in the direction of her saving grace,
the Community Development Corp. of Long Island, which has offices in Centereach
and Freeport. The CDCLI was able to give her a loan of $10,000 - not the $30,000
she originally wanted, but enough to get American Cheese off the ground - in
July.

"That's what we are, a second-look lender," said Bob Larson, the vice president
of small business lending for CDCLI. He said Nicosia's business plan was
exemplary because she anticipated all of the contingencies her cheese business
could face and planned for cash levels in her bank accounts.

Also, her marketing plan was effective but low-cost, Larson said.

The CDCLI is eager to make more microloans - loans anywhere from $1,000 to
$50,000 - thanks to a $112,500 grant the not-for-profit received from Bank of
America. The CDCLI put the grant in its loan-loss reserves, making it eligible
to receive additional Small Business Administration funding.

The SBA requires lenders to put 15 percent in reserves in case the microloans
don't get repaid, and since it makes loans in $750,000 allotments, the CDCLI
needs at least $112,500 in reserves to qualify for another SBA loan, according
to Larson.

Dan Letendre, a Bank of America executive who manages lending and investing to
community development institutions across the country, said the nation's largest
bank typically lends, not grants, money to groups like the CDCLI. This time
around, though, the bank opted to grant them the money to get them access to
SBA's vast reserves of capital more quickly, he explained. This is the first
grant Bank of America has given to CDCLI, Letendre said.

The $112,500 grant is only a small fraction of the amount the Bank of America
gave nationwide - a total of $3.7 million. The CDCLI, with its charter to
exclusively serve the Long Island region, is the only institution in Nassau or
Suffolk counties that received grant money from Bank of America. The financial
institution gave out $900,000 across New York, which is expected to generate
$5.5 million in microlending, according to a Bank of America press release.

Because the government's fiscal year ends Sept. 30, had the grants not been
made, there would have been about $30 million of funds left untouched in the
SBA's coffers, Letendre said.

SBA money is highly attractive because it carries only 1 percent interest and
can be paid back over a period of 10 years, Letendre said.

The extra reserve money from Bank of America will allow the CDCLI to make larger
loans, Larson said. A recently approved law changing SBA protocol now allows for
his not-for-profit to make loans for as much as $50,000; the previous cap was
$35,000. The new law also allows the CDCLI to borrow as much as $5 million from
the SBA. The previous threshold was $3.5 million, Larson said.

These changes, coupled with a decline in microloan demand since last year, have
made the CDCLI flush with capital for lending, Larson said. He noted that each
loan made through the not-for-profit comes with a five-year term and a 7 percent
interest rate.

"We can do as little as $1,000 for a microloan, like for an entrepreneur seeking
to get started in a drapery business or a dog grooming business," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

BRIEFLY

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1583 words


Hospital earns awards: Regional Medical Center Bayonet Point received the Get
With the Guidelines - Stroke Gold Quality Achievement Award from the American
Heart Association/American Stroke Association.

The award recognizes the hospital's commitment and success in implementing a
higher standard of care by ensuring that stroke patients receive treatment
according to nationally accepted guidelines.

The medical center was also awarded an A rating in the Hospital Safety Score,
which rates how well a hospital protects patients from accidents, errors,
injuries and infections.

The Hospital Safety Score is compiled under the guidance of the nation's leading
experts on patient safety and is administered by the Leapfrog Group.

* * *

Hospital's physicians recognized: Gulf Coast Medical Center's Port Richey North
location and all of its primary care physicians have been awarded Level 3
Recognition by the National Committee for Quality Assurance Physician Practice
Connections - Patient Centered Medical Home.

PCMH is a model of health care delivery that aims to improve the quality and
efficiency of care.

* * *

Who's news

Tax Collector's employee retires:Rosemary Lindeman, a longtime employee of the
Pasco County Tax Collector's office, recently retired. Affectionately known as
the "gatekeeper" in the Gulf Harbors office, she was most often the first person
customers greeted when they entered the office.

Lindeman received a plaque during a farewell ceremony on May 1.

* * *

Dermatology teams participate in skin cancer screening event: Melanoma Monday
was recently observed at CARES Claude Pepper Center, Senior Health Clinic in New
Port Richey. Dermatology teams from area practices provided free skin cancer
screenings to the public. The annual event is always held the first Monday in
May.

Dermatology professionals assisting in the event included Dr. John Robett Hamill
and his team from Gulfcoast Dermatology; the medical professionals from New
Image Dermatology; Dr. Brian Johnson and Dr. H. Lai; Pam Healey, Tamara Jones,
Louisa Barry and Andrea Falcon.

* * *

TOP AGENTS: Coldwell Banker F.I. Grey & Son Residential, 6330 U.S. 19, New Port
Richey, has announced its top Realtors for April:

-Sean Riordan received the Top Listing Agent by Volume and the Top Producing
Agent by Units awards.

-Randal Jenkins received the Top Listing Agent by Units award.

-Sherrie Mauzy received the Top Selling Agent by Volume award.

- Team Maceda, whose members include Joseph P. Maceda Jr., Kristin Mizgorski,
Rebecca Duffy and Tracy Karakaris, received the Top Selling Agents by Units and
the Top Producing Agents by Volume awards.

For information, call office manager Kelly Parker-Powell at (727) 495-2424.

* * *

Saint Leo University welcomes vice president of business affairs:Eric Weekes was
recently appointed vice president of business affairs at Saint Leo University.

Weekes comes to SLU from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, where he was
senior executive vice president and chief financial officer.

* * *

Doctor joins North Tampa Behavioral Health:Dr. Tonja Johnson recently joined the
medical staff at North Tampa Behavioral Health in Wesley Chapel.

Originally from Nashville, Dr. Johnson is board certified in psychiatry through
the American Board of Psychiatry & Neurology.

* * *

Trinity entrepreneur awarded microloan: Ervin Dhima recently received help in
opening his own restaurant from Pasco Economic Development Council through its
microloan program.

Dhima, the 12th recipient of a microloan from Pasco EDC, recently opened a
franchise of the Little Greek Restaurant at 3032 Little Road in Mitchell Ranch
Plaza, Trinity. He grew up in Corfu, Greece, and trained professionally with the
head chef at Corfu Palace Hotel and Resort. After immigrating to the United
States in 2000, Dhima worked in the iconic Greek restaurant, Parthenon, in
Chicago.

Several banks have seen the potential that Pasco EDC's microloan offers
companies and have invested in the program since its inception including the
Bank of America, CenterState Bank, Suncoast Credit Union, and Wells Fargo.

For information, visit pascoedc.com.

* * *

Doctor receives continuing dental education: Dr. David Kimmel, from the Florida
Center for Laser Dentistry, recently returned from the Mahan Alumni Association
and LSU Continuing Dental Education meeting in New Orleans.

Every year, Kimmel, who began training for TMJ/TMD (temporamandibular joint
dysfunction) in 2000 with Dr. Parker Mahan, attends the annual meeting to study
the latest research on the treatment of TMD. This year the focus was on sleep
apnea and TMD.

* * *

Pasco tax collector honored: Mike Fasano, Pasco County tax collector, recently
accepted an award from the Office of the Secretary of Defense, Employer Support
of the Guard and Reserve agency.

The award recognizes Fasano as a "Patriotic Employer" for contributing to
national security and protecting liberty and freedom by supporting employee
participation in America's National Guard and Reserve force.

* * *

Events

ShredFest: The fourth annual ShredFest will be held from 10 a.m. to noon
Saturday at the Pasco County Sheriff's Office, 8700 Citizen Drive, New Port
Richey. A drop-off area will be set up in the parking lot for easy drop off and
transport to the shredding truck.

Residents are invited to shred confidential documents safely and securely. The
free event is a partnership between the Pasco Sheriff's Office Economic Crimes
Unit, Independent Financial Services and ShredGreen.

* * *

Chamber ribbon-cuttings: The West Pasco Chamber of Commerce will have two
ribbon-cuttings this week.

-Advanced Laser and Skin Care Center, 4115 Little Road, Suite 102, New Port
Richey, at 11:30 a.m. Tuesday. Call Jeanette Schaefer, (727) 264-8842.

-Joseppi's Market & Deli, 9721 U.S. 19, Port Richey, at 5:30 p.m. Wednesday. The
event will include a grand reopening from 5:30 to 7 p.m. Call Joe Kelly, (727)
857-6020.

* * *

Building skills

Educating entrepreneurs: SCORE Chapter 439 is presenting a series of free
business seminars. Upcoming seminars include:

-"How to Prepare a Business Plan," 5:30 to 7 p.m. Tuesday, Greater Hernando
County Chamber of Commerce, 15588 Aviation Loop Drive, south of Brooksville.

-"How to Apply for a 501c3," 5:35 to 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Hudson Regional Library,
8012 Library Road.

To register, visit score439.org and click on the "Local Workshops" tab or call
the SCORE office at (727) 842-4638.

If you have business announcements you would like to share, mail the details to
Jean Hayes, Business Digest, Pasco Times, 11321 U.S. 19, Port Richey, FL 34668.
You may also email items to jhayes@tampabay.com or fax them to (352) 754-6133.
Submitted items may be edited for length and clarity. Photos are published as
space permits; they will not be returned.

* * *

Networking and mixers

-Trinity Positive Business Network: 8:30 a.m. Monday at Oasis Coffee Spot, 9213
Little Road, New Port Richey. Call Tony Nalli at (727) 858-7907.

-BNI Outlook to Success: 7:30 a.m. Tuesday at Timber Greens Country Club, 6333
Timber Greens Blvd., New Port Richey. The cost is $8 and includes breakfast.
Call (727) 847-3898.

-Suncoast Women in Networking: 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Tuesday at the Golden Corral
Restaurant, 8928 U.S. 19, Port Richey. Speaker: Hugh Turley,
comedian/magician/entertainer. Suncoast WIN is a group of professional
businesswomen who meet the third Tuesday of each month. Membership is $5 per
year. Call Myrtle, (727) 934-9993.

-West Pasco Business Alliance: 11:30 a.m. Tuesday at Atria Baypoint Village,
7927 State Road 52, Hudson. Meets the third Tuesday of every month. The cost is
$7 and includes lunch. Abby Hamilton, (813) 817-1905.

-West Pasco Business Association: 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. Tuesday at 2150 Seven
Springs Blvd., Trinity. The group is composed of professionals who promote one
another's businesses. Visit westpascobusinessassociation.com.

-Trinity Business Association: 6 to 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at Fox Hollow Country
Club, 10050 Robert Trent Jones Parkway. Networking at 5:30 p.m., meeting starts
at 6 p.m. Guests welcome. Cost is $12. Call Ginny Pierce at (727) 433-4073.

-Pasco Business Connections: 7:30 a.m. Wednesday at the Broken Yolk, 3350 Grand
Blvd., Holiday. The group meets on Wednesdays. Email noworries@tampabay.rr.com

- Wednesday Morning Networking Group: 7:30 a.m. Wednesday at Hungry Harry's
Family Bar-B-Que, 3116 Land O'Lakes Blvd. (in the Lakehouse). Short networking
presentation followed by opportunity for all attendees to do a 30-second
commercial. The event sponsor is Proly, Laporte & Mulligan, P.A. Cost is $7 and
includes breakfast. Call the Central Pasco Chamber of Commerce at (813)
909-2722.

-Free Networking International: 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Wednesday at Cantina Laredo
restaurant, 2000 Piazza Ave., Building 4, Suite 170, Wesley Chapel (at the Shops
at Wiregrass). Attendees pay for their own lunch. Call Martine Duncan at (813)
929-6816.

-West Pasco Business Network: Noon to 1 p.m. Wednesday at Blue Dolphin, 8825
State Road 52, Hudson. For more information, visit westpascobusiness.org or call
Joanne Grassi at (727) 856-9595.

-BNI Eagles: 7:15 a.m. Thursday at Spartan Manor, 6121 Massachusetts Ave., New
Port Richey. Cost is $10 and includes breakfast. Call Clay Henderson at (727)
534-5191.

-BNI Referral Connection: 7:15 to 9 a.m. Thursday at Vallarta's Mexican
Restaurant, 22948 State Road 54, Lutz. Call Rob Hamilton at (813) 431-5887.

-Trinity/West Pasco Chapter of NPI: 7:45 a.m. Thursday at IHOP, 10740 State Road
54, New Port Richey. Call Rob Marlowe at (727) 847-2424.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            American Banker Magazine

                                    May 2013

Stumbling On Its Own Success;
A new study details how the mission of microlending has gotten off track, and
why helping impoverished women is getting harder to do.

BYLINE: Dave Lindorff

SECTION: MICROLENDING; Pg. 28 Vol. 123 No. 5

LENGTH: 1159  words


In the three decades since Muhammad Yunos came up with the idea of microloans
for women to start businesses as a way of combating poverty in the world's
poorest societies, it has attracted widespread support, and even earned Yunos
and his Grameen Bank a Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.

There are now roughly 2,000 microfinance institutions around the globe, and, as
of 2009, the last time a complete survey was attempted, an estimated 74 million
borrowers had $38 billion of the tiny loans outstanding.

But microlending is becoming a victim of its own success. The big money that now
flows into this niche has tended to transform microloans into more of a business
enterprise than a social one-which, a recent study shows, shifts the focus away
from the poor in general and women in particular.

"A lot more money is doing a lot less good," says Tyler Wry, an assistant
professor of management at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of
Business, who conducted the study with Eric Yanfei Zhao, a doctoral fellow at
the University of Alberta School of Business in Canada. They analyzed data from
1,800 microfinance institutions in 121 developing countries.

"There has been a strong pattern over time in many countries of these microloans
moving away from targeting the poor, and from focusing on women," Wry says. This
is problematic, because, he says, microfinance's original goal of lending to
poor women is based on sound principles: women in impoverished societies are
generally the most destitute of all, and giving them loans to start small
businesses yields a substantial gain in family income and better outcomes for
children.

Ironically, the more that developing countries try to create a business-friendly
economic climate, the more challenging it can be for microfinance to maintain an
emphasis on empowering women, the study shows. Patriarchy is a contributing
factor, too.

The dynamic often plays out like so: A country becomes more open to foreign
investment. This increases the funding that goes into microfinance, but also
leads to more for-profit institutions and greater pressure to earn a return.
Loans begin to creep up in size, and more of them go to borrowers who are not
quite as risky as the very poorest are. "The extremely impoverished are being
increasingly ignored," Wry says.

This dynamic works against women, based on what the study found. Zhao says the
number of for-profit microfinance startups has exceeded the number of
not-for-profit ones since 2005, and that the average loan size at the
for-profits is nearly double that of the not-for-profits.

The trend toward for-profits and their larger loans corresponds with a tendency
for money to flow to male borrowers for projects that don't benefit the neediest
families-a pattern more pronounced in patriarchal societies, where outreach to
women is all the more important.

Overall, 59 percent of borrowers at for-profits are women, versus 67 percent at
not-for-profits, the study shows.

"Economic freedom significantly reduces lending to women," Zhao says.

The lesson for lenders is that they need to develop more effective strategies to
contend with patriarchy and avoid drifting away from their mission, the two
university researchers say.

One of the challenges is outreach to women. As lenders shift to a for-profit
model, they tend not to hire women employees, particularly as loan officers,
Zhao says. In societies where women are not supposed to be in contact with any
men outside the family, it can be nigh impossible for a male employee of a
microlender to approach a female, whether to discuss the opportunity to get a
loan or to collect a loan payment.

Countries characterized by strong religious fundamentalism or patriarchy in the
home and in the professional arena are among those with fewer microloans going
to women, the study shows. Examples include India, Bangladesh and many spots in
the Middle East. Zhao says women in these countries tend to have subordinate
roles in the family.

Even so, Jonathan Morduch, a professor of public policy and economics at New
York University who also studies microfinance, is reluctant to draw conclusions
about factors like the gender of the loan officer.He agrees that in Bangladesh,
for example, loan officers at microfinance institutions are "largely male" while
customers are "largely female." But he questions how much of an impact that has
on lending there.

"Would there be more outreach with more female loan officers? Maybe, but I don't
know of any evidence on that," says Morduch, who is also managing director of
the Financial Access Initiative, a consortium of researchers focused on
financial inclusion.Morduch's own research on the impact of microlending going
for-profit indicates that "regulation pushes commercial players away from
women." But not so for nonprofits.

He says one way to encourage more lending to women would be "judicious use" of a
subsidy or cross-subsidy approach, to prop up the less profitable lending-a
perspective similar to that of Wry and Zhao's.

Joshua Cramer Montes, a spokesman for Pro Mujer, a nonprofit that has been
providing microloans to women in Latin America for decades, says almost all of
its borrowers are female, so it has not suffered from mission creep. "It would
be difficult," he says, "given that our organization's name means 'for women!'"

Montes says it is true, however, that microlenders can feel pressure to shift
loans to men and to offer larger loans, which are more cost effective to
service. "Even not-for-profits can get sidetracked, when they have to try to
raise money," he says.

Microlending has attracted controversy in other areas, too. In December 2010,
the prime minister of Bangladesh, Sheik Hasina Wazed, denounced microlenders in
that country-a cradle of the microlending movement-for allegedly "sucking blood
from the poor in the name of poverty elimination." There has also been criticism
in India, where there was a rash of suicides over lender repayment demands, and
in Nicaragua and Bolivia, where there were even calls for borrowers to refuse to
repay their loans.

"People had assumed that this would inherently be a 'win-win' thing, and under
certain conditions that can hold true, but in many situations it cannot," Wry
says. "The bloom is definitely off the microfinance loans."

Wry, who aims to elevate the analysis of microfinance by looking beyond a single
country or case and focusing on more than just the economic impact for the
borrowers, says he hopes microfinance institutions will rethink the mechanics of
how they do business, particularly when it comes to trying to profit on the
loans.

His conclusion: "There has to be a subsidy and charitable approach to
microlending, and that has been marginalized, which can be dangerous. It's great
if you can fund borrowers where the market and the social conditions pull
together, but you can't lose sight of the situations where they don't."

Dave Lindorff is a freelancer. He is based in Philadelphia.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/usb.html/

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: ABM


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             March 1, 2012 Thursday

EDC WILL KICK OFF NEW LOAN PROGRAM

BYLINE: LEE LOGAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: NEW PORT RICHEY



HIGHLIGHT: The goal is to help small businesses in Pasco that cannot get loans
from a bank.


Small businesses in Pasco now have an alternate financing option to help them
get off the ground.

The Pasco Economic Development Council's new microloan program kicks off today.
The program is geared toward Pasco businesses that cannot get bank financing
because their request is too small or they have a short credit history.

"These are basically loans that banks are not interested in for various and
sundry reasons," said Michael Cox, a former county commissioner who is head of
the council's effort to start the program. "Our goal is to help these companies
become good bank customers down the road."

The microloan program has $220,000 in startup money, including a $100,000 grant
from the county that was approved last week by the County Commission. Other
donors include banks, Saint Leo University and Tim Tangredi, CEO of Odessa
nanotechnology firm Dais Analytic.

The maximum loan would be $35,000, with terms ranging from 12 months to six
years. Interest rates range from prime plus 1.75 percent to prime plus 3
percent. Last week Cox said a health care consulting company and a property
management firm had already submitted applications.

After a year, the council will apply for more financing from the federal Small
Business Administration. In the meantime, the fund will be replenished as
companies repay loans.

In addition to the loans, council president John Hagen said his group will offer
owners advice and training on how to start or grow a new company. He said some
of that help could come from Saint Leo faculty and students. "We've got a great
management assistance cadre that we can bring together to support the loans," he
said.

Lee Logan can be reached at llogan@tampabay.com or (727) 869-6236.

* * *

Fast facts

For information

The Economic Development Council is looking for companies that want to apply for
a loan, as well as businesses that would like to donate to the microloan fund.
For information, call (813) 926-0827.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Allan Gray defends 'good value' Net1

BYLINE: Hanna Ziady

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 737  words


Allan Gray defends 'good value' Net1

Firm says social benefits outweigh social costs 'Grant beneficiaries have right
to products'

Net1 'good value' for clients

Investment Writer

Allan Gray, the country's fourth-largest asset manager, has defended its
decision to invest in Net1 UEPs, the controversial parent company of social
grants distributor Cash Paymaster Services (CPS).

Net1 UEPS was a & controversial stock& that prompted & vigorous debates& among
Allan Gray's investment team, said chief investment officer Andrew Lapping.

Allan Gray, which had assets under management totalling R461.7bn at June 2016,
holds a 15.6% stake in the company on behalf of investors.

Net1 UEPS owns CPS, which distributes social grants on behalf of the South
African Social Security Agency (Sassa). The firm is at the centre of a numerous
legal challenges by the Black Sash and Corruption Watch, among others.

At the heart of these are allegations that various Net1 UEPS subsidiaries have
unduly benefited from the social grants contract administered by CPS by selling
and marketing products such as microloans and insurance to Sassa cardholders.

The group, which is dual-listed on the Nasdaq and the Johannesburg Stock
Exchange, owns, among other subsidiaries, payment businesses and financial
services providers including a life insurer and microlender.

It was the right of grant beneficiaries to have access to products such as
microloans, airtime and prepaid electricity, said Lapping. & We can't make
rulings about what people are allowed to spend their money on.& Various
regulators that had looked into the matter had not found any wrongdoing with
these deductions, he said.

In an affidavit filed in the Constitutional Court on Tuesday, Net1 UEPS group
CEO Serge Belamant said Net1 subsidiaries lawfully & market and provide
financial products to [grant] beneficiaries& in line with applicable financial
regulations.

He denied - under oath - that CPS shared beneficiary data with these
subsidiaries or any other third party.

Beneficiaries agreed to certain terms and conditions when signing up for
Sassa-branded Grindrod Bank accounts, which were subject to banking regulations,
he said.

Grindrod Bank said it was awaiting legal clarity on debit-order deductions from
these accounts, which it continued to process in line with National Payment
System rules.

& The social benefit of the service provided by Net1, which sees millions of
people receive social grants every month, far outweighs the social cost of
offering microloans to these individuals,& said Lapping.

& Whenever we make an investment, we weigh up the social benefits versus the
social costs,& he said.

& We go through the same process when we discuss Sasol, for example. It's a big
polluter, but it is also one of SA's largest taxpayers and employs 25,500 people
here.& Allan Gray is one of 36 local asset managers that are signatories to the
UN's Principles for Responsible Investment. Signatories commit to incorporating
environmental, social and governance factors into their investment decisions.

& Net1] trades at a discount to its valuation and we believe it is a good
investment for our clients, even without the Sassa contract,& Lapping said.

Net1's main future focus is to provide financial products and services through
its EasyPay Everywhere financial service offering which, according to its latest
annual report, has 1.6-million account holders.

EasyPay Everywhere, which is marketed to Sassa card-holders, is a transactional
bank account that offers microloans, life insurance and bill payments through
cellphones.

These offerings & bring financial inclusion to millions of cardholders who were
previously unable to access any formal financial services& said Net1.

In a quarterly earnings call last month, Belamant was clear that the group's
plan was to achieve scale by targeting existing customers, such as grant
beneficiaries and employees of companies using its payroll technology, with
financial products and services.

Since 2012, Net1 had issued more than $1.8m in short-term loans, sold nearly
300,000 life insurance policies and provided more than 3-million customers with
prepaid products every month. The bulk of this would have been sold in SA.

Magda Wierzycka, CEO of Sygnia, said it would not invest in Net1 for moral
reasons.

& People living off grants should not be buying electricity and airtime without
a conscious decision to do so.& ziadyh@businesslive.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Allan Gray defends 'good value' Net1

BYLINE: Hanna Ziady

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 737  words


Allan Gray defends 'good value' Net1

Firm says social benefits outweigh social costs 'Grant beneficiaries have right
to products'

Net1 'good value' for clients

Investment Writer

Allan Gray, the country's fourth-largest asset manager, has defended its
decision to invest in Net1 UEPs, the controversial parent company of social
grants distributor Cash Paymaster Services (CPS).

Net1 UEPS was a & controversial stock& that prompted & vigorous debates& among
Allan Gray's investment team, said chief investment officer Andrew Lapping.

Allan Gray, which had assets under management totalling R461.7bn at June 2016,
holds a 15.6% stake in the company on behalf of investors.

Net1 UEPS owns CPS, which distributes social grants on behalf of the South
African Social Security Agency (Sassa). The firm is at the centre of a numerous
legal challenges by the Black Sash and Corruption Watch, among others.

At the heart of these are allegations that various Net1 UEPS subsidiaries have
unduly benefited from the social grants contract administered by CPS by selling
and marketing products such as microloans and insurance to Sassa cardholders.

The group, which is dual-listed on the Nasdaq and the Johannesburg Stock
Exchange, owns, among other subsidiaries, payment businesses and financial
services providers including a life insurer and microlender.

It was the right of grant beneficiaries to have access to products such as
microloans, airtime and prepaid electricity, said Lapping. & We can't make
rulings about what people are allowed to spend their money on.& Various
regulators that had looked into the matter had not found any wrongdoing with
these deductions, he said.

In an affidavit filed in the Constitutional Court on Tuesday, Net1 UEPS group
CEO Serge Belamant said Net1 subsidiaries lawfully & market and provide
financial products to [grant] beneficiaries& in line with applicable financial
regulations.

He denied - under oath - that CPS shared beneficiary data with these
subsidiaries or any other third party.

Beneficiaries agreed to certain terms and conditions when signing up for
Sassa-branded Grindrod Bank accounts, which were subject to banking regulations,
he said.

Grindrod Bank said it was awaiting legal clarity on debit-order deductions from
these accounts, which it continued to process in line with National Payment
System rules.

& The social benefit of the service provided by Net1, which sees millions of
people receive social grants every month, far outweighs the social cost of
offering microloans to these individuals,& said Lapping.

& Whenever we make an investment, we weigh up the social benefits versus the
social costs,& he said.

& We go through the same process when we discuss Sasol, for example. It's a big
polluter, but it is also one of SA's largest taxpayers and employs 25,500 people
here.& Allan Gray is one of 36 local asset managers that are signatories to the
UN's Principles for Responsible Investment. Signatories commit to incorporating
environmental, social and governance factors into their investment decisions.

& Net1] trades at a discount to its valuation and we believe it is a good
investment for our clients, even without the Sassa contract,& Lapping said.

Net1's main future focus is to provide financial products and services through
its EasyPay Everywhere financial service offering which, according to its latest
annual report, has 1.6-million account holders.

EasyPay Everywhere, which is marketed to Sassa card-holders, is a transactional
bank account that offers microloans, life insurance and bill payments through
cellphones.

These offerings & bring financial inclusion to millions of cardholders who were
previously unable to access any formal financial services& said Net1.

In a quarterly earnings call last month, Belamant was clear that the group's
plan was to achieve scale by targeting existing customers, such as grant
beneficiaries and employees of companies using its payroll technology, with
financial products and services.

Since 2012, Net1 had issued more than $1.8m in short-term loans, sold nearly
300,000 life insurance policies and provided more than 3-million customers with
prepaid products every month. The bulk of this would have been sold in SA.

Magda Wierzycka, CEO of Sygnia, said it would not invest in Net1 for moral
reasons.

& People living off grants should not be buying electricity and airtime without
a conscious decision to do so.& ziadyh@businesslive.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Allan Gray defends 'good value' Net1

BYLINE: Hanna Ziady

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 737  words


Allan Gray defends 'good value' Net1

Firm says social benefits outweigh social costs 'Grant beneficiaries have right
to products'

Net1 'good value' for clients

Investment Writer

Allan Gray, the country's fourth-largest asset manager, has defended its
decision to invest in Net1 UEPs, the controversial parent company of social
grants distributor Cash Paymaster Services (CPS).

Net1 UEPS was a & controversial stock& that prompted & vigorous debates& among
Allan Gray's investment team, said chief investment officer Andrew Lapping.

Allan Gray, which had assets under management totalling R461.7bn at June 2016,
holds a 15.6% stake in the company on behalf of investors.

Net1 UEPS owns CPS, which distributes social grants on behalf of the South
African Social Security Agency (Sassa). The firm is at the centre of a numerous
legal challenges by the Black Sash and Corruption Watch, among others.

At the heart of these are allegations that various Net1 UEPS subsidiaries have
unduly benefited from the social grants contract administered by CPS by selling
and marketing products such as microloans and insurance to Sassa cardholders.

The group, which is dual-listed on the Nasdaq and the Johannesburg Stock
Exchange, owns, among other subsidiaries, payment businesses and financial
services providers including a life insurer and microlender.

It was the right of grant beneficiaries to have access to products such as
microloans, airtime and prepaid electricity, said Lapping. & We can't make
rulings about what people are allowed to spend their money on.& Various
regulators that had looked into the matter had not found any wrongdoing with
these deductions, he said.

In an affidavit filed in the Constitutional Court on Tuesday, Net1 UEPS group
CEO Serge Belamant said Net1 subsidiaries lawfully & market and provide
financial products to [grant] beneficiaries& in line with applicable financial
regulations.

He denied - under oath - that CPS shared beneficiary data with these
subsidiaries or any other third party.

Beneficiaries agreed to certain terms and conditions when signing up for
Sassa-branded Grindrod Bank accounts, which were subject to banking regulations,
he said.

Grindrod Bank said it was awaiting legal clarity on debit-order deductions from
these accounts, which it continued to process in line with National Payment
System rules.

& The social benefit of the service provided by Net1, which sees millions of
people receive social grants every month, far outweighs the social cost of
offering microloans to these individuals,& said Lapping.

& Whenever we make an investment, we weigh up the social benefits versus the
social costs,& he said.

& We go through the same process when we discuss Sasol, for example. It's a big
polluter, but it is also one of SA's largest taxpayers and employs 25,500 people
here.& Allan Gray is one of 36 local asset managers that are signatories to the
UN's Principles for Responsible Investment. Signatories commit to incorporating
environmental, social and governance factors into their investment decisions.

& Net1] trades at a discount to its valuation and we believe it is a good
investment for our clients, even without the Sassa contract,& Lapping said.

Net1's main future focus is to provide financial products and services through
its EasyPay Everywhere financial service offering which, according to its latest
annual report, has 1.6-million account holders.

EasyPay Everywhere, which is marketed to Sassa card-holders, is a transactional
bank account that offers microloans, life insurance and bill payments through
cellphones.

These offerings & bring financial inclusion to millions of cardholders who were
previously unable to access any formal financial services& said Net1.

In a quarterly earnings call last month, Belamant was clear that the group's
plan was to achieve scale by targeting existing customers, such as grant
beneficiaries and employees of companies using its payroll technology, with
financial products and services.

Since 2012, Net1 had issued more than $1.8m in short-term loans, sold nearly
300,000 life insurance policies and provided more than 3-million customers with
prepaid products every month. The bulk of this would have been sold in SA.

Magda Wierzycka, CEO of Sygnia, said it would not invest in Net1 for moral
reasons.

& People living off grants should not be buying electricity and airtime without
a conscious decision to do so.& ziadyh@businesslive.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Allan Gray defends 'good value' Net1

BYLINE: Hanna Ziady

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 737  words


Allan Gray defends 'good value' Net1

Firm says social benefits outweigh social costs 'Grant beneficiaries have right
to products'

Net1 'good value' for clients

Investment Writer

Allan Gray, the country's fourth-largest asset manager, has defended its
decision to invest in Net1 UEPs, the controversial parent company of social
grants distributor Cash Paymaster Services (CPS).

Net1 UEPS was a & controversial stock& that prompted & vigorous debates& among
Allan Gray's investment team, said chief investment officer Andrew Lapping.

Allan Gray, which had assets under management totalling R461.7bn at June 2016,
holds a 15.6% stake in the company on behalf of investors.

Net1 UEPS owns CPS, which distributes social grants on behalf of the South
African Social Security Agency (Sassa). The firm is at the centre of a numerous
legal challenges by the Black Sash and Corruption Watch, among others.

At the heart of these are allegations that various Net1 UEPS subsidiaries have
unduly benefited from the social grants contract administered by CPS by selling
and marketing products such as microloans and insurance to Sassa cardholders.

The group, which is dual-listed on the Nasdaq and the Johannesburg Stock
Exchange, owns, among other subsidiaries, payment businesses and financial
services providers including a life insurer and microlender.

It was the right of grant beneficiaries to have access to products such as
microloans, airtime and prepaid electricity, said Lapping. & We can't make
rulings about what people are allowed to spend their money on.& Various
regulators that had looked into the matter had not found any wrongdoing with
these deductions, he said.

In an affidavit filed in the Constitutional Court on Tuesday, Net1 UEPS group
CEO Serge Belamant said Net1 subsidiaries lawfully & market and provide
financial products to [grant] beneficiaries& in line with applicable financial
regulations.

He denied - under oath - that CPS shared beneficiary data with these
subsidiaries or any other third party.

Beneficiaries agreed to certain terms and conditions when signing up for
Sassa-branded Grindrod Bank accounts, which were subject to banking regulations,
he said.

Grindrod Bank said it was awaiting legal clarity on debit-order deductions from
these accounts, which it continued to process in line with National Payment
System rules.

& The social benefit of the service provided by Net1, which sees millions of
people receive social grants every month, far outweighs the social cost of
offering microloans to these individuals,& said Lapping.

& Whenever we make an investment, we weigh up the social benefits versus the
social costs,& he said.

& We go through the same process when we discuss Sasol, for example. It's a big
polluter, but it is also one of SA's largest taxpayers and employs 25,500 people
here.& Allan Gray is one of 36 local asset managers that are signatories to the
UN's Principles for Responsible Investment. Signatories commit to incorporating
environmental, social and governance factors into their investment decisions.

& Net1] trades at a discount to its valuation and we believe it is a good
investment for our clients, even without the Sassa contract,& Lapping said.

Net1's main future focus is to provide financial products and services through
its EasyPay Everywhere financial service offering which, according to its latest
annual report, has 1.6-million account holders.

EasyPay Everywhere, which is marketed to Sassa card-holders, is a transactional
bank account that offers microloans, life insurance and bill payments through
cellphones.

These offerings & bring financial inclusion to millions of cardholders who were
previously unable to access any formal financial services& said Net1.

In a quarterly earnings call last month, Belamant was clear that the group's
plan was to achieve scale by targeting existing customers, such as grant
beneficiaries and employees of companies using its payroll technology, with
financial products and services.

Since 2012, Net1 had issued more than $1.8m in short-term loans, sold nearly
300,000 life insurance policies and provided more than 3-million customers with
prepaid products every month. The bulk of this would have been sold in SA.

Magda Wierzycka, CEO of Sygnia, said it would not invest in Net1 for moral
reasons.

& People living off grants should not be buying electricity and airtime without
a conscious decision to do so.& ziadyh@businesslive.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Invests $18 Million to Train Beginning Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 893  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

New Orleans, LA - Feb. 2, 2015 - Today, U.S. Department of Agriculture's Deputy
Secretary Krysta Harden (USDA) announced more than $18 million in grants to
educate, mentor, and enhance the sustainability of the next generation of
farmers. The grants are available through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Development Program (BFRDP) administered by the National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA), which was authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm
Bill).

"As new farmers and ranchers get started, they are really looking to their
community for support. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program
empowers these farmers and ranchers to bring innovative ideas to the table when
it comes to addressing food security, creating economic enterprises, and
building communities," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As we celebrate the
first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these are evidence that
an investment in beginning farmers and ranchers is an investment in our future".

The grant announcement was made at Recirculating Farms Coalition in New Orleans.
Recirculating Farms received a BFRDP grant to develop training sessions focusing
on soil-based production and aquaculture for new and beginning farmers in New
Orleans.

The BFRDP program, first established by the 2008 Farm Bill, aims to support
those who have farmed or ranched less than 10 years with workshops, educational
teams, training, and technical assistance throughout the United States. NIFA
awards grants to organizations that implement programs to train beginning
farmers and ranchers. Today's announcement was funded by the 2014 Farm Bill,
which continued authorization of this program.

The 2014 Farm Bill mandated at least five percent of BFRDP funding support
veterans and socially disadvantaged farmers. Among today's announcement, more
than 15 percent of the funded projects have a substantial component that
supports veterans and farming, while about 50 percent of the projects focus
mainly on socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. A fact sheet with a
complete list of awardees and project descriptions is available on the USDA
website.

Since 2009, 184 awards have been made for more than $90 million through the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. These awards are part of
USDA's deep commitment to beginning farmers and ranchers. Additional USDA
investment in beginning farmers and ranchers include:
    Since 2009, FSA has issued more than 8895,000 direct and guaranteed farm
operating and farm ownership loans to beginning farmers and ranchers.
    FSA's microloan program, an important access point to credit for some new
farmers and ranchers, has issued more than 9,600 microloans totaling $188
million. Seventy percent of these loans have gone to beginning farmers.
Recently, USDA raised the ceiling for microloan from $35,000 to $50,000, giving
new farmers access to more credit.
    The 2014 Farm Bill also strengthens the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program for new producers by reducing the premiums on buy-up level coverage by
50 percent for new farmers and waiving their application fee. USDA announced
this new tool for farmers and ranchers in 2015.
    USDA's Value-Added Producer Grants program gives priority to beginning
farmers and ranchers to help them increase revenues through value-added
agriculture, marketing, and new product development. Since 2009, more than 25
percent of 853 awarded Value Added Producer Grants went to beginning farmers and
ranchers.

More information about USDA support for new farmers and ranchers is available at
www.usda.gov/newfarmers.

The Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program is currently accepting
applications for the 2015 grant cycle. Applications are due March 13, 2015.

Funding for the BFRDP program is authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past five years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. More information is at:
www.nifa.usda.gov.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             October 8, 2001 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Small Loans Help Millions of World's Poorest, Coalition Says

BYLINE:  By GINGER THOMPSON

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Foreign Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 494 words

DATELINE: MEXICO CITY, Oct. 7


An inter national coalition of microlending agencies devoted to financing
homespun businesses from the inner city of Chicago to mountain villages in
Chiapas -- plans to announce on Monday that it has made significant strides
toward its goals of helping the world's poorest families.

The group, the Microcredit Summit Campaign, has brought together about 600
experts in microcredit campaigns from throughout Latin America for a meeting in
Puebla, beginning on Monday.

It will report that since it began an effort in 1997 to reach 100 million of the
world's poorest families by 2005, it has reached about 19.3 million families.
Meeting organizers, who also have pledged to help empower women, said loans to
the world's poorest people were increasing by 37 percent a year.

Microcredit programs make loans for as little as $40 to help poor people with no
credit history start businesses. The programs are aimed mostly at lifting up
impoverished areas of the third world. A total of 13.8 million people have been
granted loans in Africa, Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America. But microloans
are also made available in urban areas of the United States.

President Vicente Fox of Mexico, who is scheduled to speak at the meeting, had
promised to make microfinancing a pillar of his government's antipoverty
strategy. But in the 10 months since Mr. Fox took office, his programs have
become mired in bureaucratic missteps and stalled by an economic recession.

Queen Sophia of Spain and Muhammad Yunus, the Bangladeshi president of Grameen
Bank, who gave out the first microloans in the mid-1970's, are also scheduled to
be at the meeting. Grameen, known as the poor man's bank, helps coordinate
microcredit investments for individual and institutional investors.

The World Bank has estimated that 1.2 million people around the world live on
less than $1 a day, 75 percent of them women.

For years, microlending agencies have been criticized for overlooking the
world's poorest people in favor of clients who have at least some business
experience and basic financial background. Other microlenders have worried that
the poorest people exclude themselves because they believe they are unqualified.

"Too often, the standard in the field is to give loans to people who already
have businesses," said Sam Daley-Harris, the director of the Microcredit Summit.
"Well, those are not the poorest people."

He added: "Many programs in the world are good at reaching people who already
show some financial performance. But they are not strong at reaching further
down."

Mr. Daley-Harris said there was little more than anecdotal evidence to indicate
the effect microloans had had at lifting people out of poverty. But two recent
studies showed that microcredit clients in Mali and Honduras were more likely
than nonclients to have larger businesses; to see an increase in personal income
and food consumption; to have personal savings; and to feel a greater sense of
self-esteem.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 11, 2014 Friday

Citywise: Kaplan mum on Oakland mayoral bid

BYLINE: By Matthew Artz and Matt O'Brien Bay Area News Group

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 511 words


Staff writers

The more letters Oakland Councilwoman Rebecca Kaplan writes -- and forwards to
reporters -- the more speculation swirls about whether she will run for mayor.

Last month, she wrote to George Lucas asking him to consider Oakland's vacant
Kaiser Convention Center as the home of his planned museum.

Then came a letter, co-written with Councilman Larry Reid, urging Mayor Jean
Quan not to defund the city's gunshot detection system and taking the mayor to
task on police staffing.

And this week, Kaplan issued a letter about renewing the city's public safety
tax that reads like a campaign platform: No police layoffs; an end to mandatory
police overtime; an assigned officer for every beat; and special units to focus
on gun crimes.

Polls have shown that Kaplan would be the person to beat if she enters the race.
But after saying outright two years ago that she wouldn't run against Quan this
year, Kaplan is staying mum about her intentions.

When asked what people should read into her letter-writing campaign as she sat
in on Tuesday's Public Safety Committee meeting, Kaplan stuck to the
soon-to-expire public safety tax.

"Whatever happens politically," she said, "if we don't find a way to come
together around a successful public safety ballot measure then we face more
police cuts next year."

Lawyer's guild honors Siegel and Weills

Dan Siegel, an attorney running for mayor of Oakland and his wife, Anne Weills,
received lifetime achievement awards last week by the National Lawyer's Guild.

The guild focuses on human rights cases and guild attorneys have represented
several Occupy Oakland protesters.

"I am proud to be associated with the (guild) and its history of support for the
people's movements," Siegel said in a prepared statement.

Three Oakland shops get microloans

A city partnership with a microloan outfit has helped kick-start three Oakland
small businesses.

Kiva, a nonprofit best known for aiding the neediest in poor nations, partnered
with Oakland last year to help local people fund small-business ventures.

The businesses receiving microloan funding were OwlNWood, a clothing store on
Grand Avenue, Pollinate Farm & Garden in the Fruitvale district and Loakal Art
Gallery & Boutique near Jack London Square.

"Oakland has extraordinary momentum and energy, and one of the main reasons for
that momentum is small, local entrepreneurs," said City Attorney Barbara Parker,
whose office helped initiate the project. "Just a few well-placed loans can spur
tremendous economic growth in Oakland neighborhoods."

Alameda County appoints fire chief

David Rocha can now take the word "interim" out of his title as the chief of the
Alameda County Fire Department.

The previous chief, Demetrious Shaffer, retired in December after just a year on
the job, apparently leaving to spend more time with his family and help his wife
run an emerging company selling baby slings, Rocha has said.

Rocha, a county firefighter since 1995, has been leading the department since
the beginning of the year. The board of supervisors this week promoted him to a
permanent role.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 11, 2014 Friday

Citywise: Kaplan mum on Oakland mayoral bid

BYLINE: By Matthew Artz and Matt O'Brien Bay Area News Group

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


Staff writers

The more letters Oakland Councilwoman Rebecca Kaplan writes -- and forwards to
reporters -- the more speculation swirls about whether she will run for mayor.

Last month, she wrote to George Lucas asking him to consider Oakland's vacant
Kaiser Convention Center as the home of his planned museum.

Then came a letter, co-written with Councilman Larry Reid, urging Mayor Jean
Quan not to defund the city's gunshot detection system and taking the mayor to
task on police staffing.

And this week, Kaplan issued a letter about renewing the city's public safety
tax that reads like a campaign platform: No police layoffs; an end to mandatory
police overtime; an assigned officer for every beat; and special units to focus
on gun crimes.

Polls have shown that Kaplan would be the person to beat if she enters the race.
But after saying outright two years ago that she wouldn't run against Quan this
year, Kaplan is staying mum about her intentions.

When asked what people should read into her letter-writing campaign as she sat
in on Tuesday's Public Safety Committee meeting, Kaplan stuck to the
soon-to-expire public safety tax.

"Whatever happens politically," she said, "if we don't find a way to come
together around a successful public safety ballot measure then we face more
police cuts next year."

Lawyer's guild honors Siegel and Weills

Dan Siegel, an attorney running for mayor of Oakland and his wife, Anne Weills,
received lifetime achievement awards last week by the National Lawyer's Guild.

The guild focuses on human rights cases and guild attorneys have represented
several Occupy Oakland protesters.

"I am proud to be associated with the (guild) and its history of support for the
people's movements," Siegel said in a prepared statement.

Three Oakland shops get microloans

A city partnership with a microloan outfit has helped kick-start three Oakland
small businesses.

Kiva, a nonprofit best known for aiding the neediest in poor nations, partnered
with Oakland last year to help local people fund small-business ventures.

The businesses receiving microloan funding were OwlNWood, a clothing store on
Grand Avenue, Pollinate Farm & Garden in the Fruitvale district and Loakal Art
Gallery & Boutique near Jack London Square.

"Oakland has extraordinary momentum and energy, and one of the main reasons for
that momentum is small, local entrepreneurs," said City Attorney Barbara Parker,
whose office helped initiate the project. "Just a few well-placed loans can spur
tremendous economic growth in Oakland neighborhoods."

Alameda County appoints fire chief

David Rocha can now take the word "interim" out of his title as the chief of the
Alameda County Fire Department.

The previous chief, Demetrious Shaffer, retired in December after just a year on
the job, apparently leaving to spend more time with his family and help his wife
run an emerging company selling baby slings, Rocha has said.

Rocha, a county firefighter since 1995, has been leading the department since
the beginning of the year. The board of supervisors this week promoted him to a
permanent role.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            January 6, 2011 Thursday

Nobel glow of microloans starts to look tarnished;
Credit plans for the poor suffer from overextension and a political backlash

BYLINE: BY VIKAS BAJAJ

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1311 words

DATELINE: MUMBAI

ABSTRACT

As with other initiatives that have promised to lift millions from poverty,
microcredit -- small loans intended to help poor people start businesses -- has
struggled to turn rhetoric into tangible success.

FULL TEXT

Microcredit is losing its halo.

Microcredit was once extolled by world leaders like Bill Clinton and Tony Blair
as a powerful tool that could help eliminate poverty, through loans as small as
$50 to cowherds, basket weavers and other poor people for starting or expanding
businesses. But now microloans have met with political hostility in Bangladesh,
India, Nicaragua and other developing countries.

In December, the prime minister of Bangladesh, Sheik Hasina Wazed - who had
championed microloans alongside Mr. Clinton at talks in Washington in 1997,
while Mr. Clinton was president - turned her back on them. She said microlenders
were ''sucking blood from the poor in the name of poverty alleviation,'' and she
ordered an investigation into Grameen Bank, which had pioneered microcredit and
which, along with its founder, was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.

In India, until recently home to the world's fastest-growing microcredit
businesses, lending has slowed sharply since the state with the most microloans
adopted a strict law restricting lending. In Nicaragua, Pakistan and Bolivia,
activists and politicians have urged borrowers not to repay their loans.

The hostility toward microfinance is a sharp reversal from the praise and good
will that politicians, social workers and bankers showered on the sector in the
past decade. Philanthropists and investors poured billions of dollars into
nonprofit and for-profit microlenders, which were considered vital players in
achieving the United Nations' ambitious Millennium Development Goals for 2015,
which world leaders set in 2000. One of the goals was to reduce by half the
number of people in extreme poverty.

The attention lavished on microcredit helped the sector reach more than 91
million customers, most of them women, with loans totaling more than $70 billion
by the end of 2009. India and Bangladesh account for half of all borrowers.

But as with other trumpeted development initiatives that have promised to lift
hundreds of millions from poverty, microcredit has struggled to turn rhetoric
into tangible success.

Done right, the loans have shown promise in allowing some borrowers to build
sustainable livelihoods. But it has also become clear that the rapid growth of
microcredit - in India, some lending companies were growing at 60 percent to 100
percent a year - has made the loans much less effective.

Most borrowers do not appear to be climbing out of poverty, and a sizable
minority of them are getting trapped in a spiral of debt, according to studies
and analysts.

''Credit is both the source of possibilities and it's a bond,'' said David
Roodman, a senior fellow at the Center for Global Development, a research
organization in Washington. ''Credit is often operating at this knife's edge,
and that gets forgotten.''

And with the results for borrowers mixed, some lenders have minted profits that
might make Wall Street bankers envious. For instance, investors in the largest
microcredit company in India, SKS Microfinance, sold shares last year for as
much as 95 times what had been paid for them a few years earlier.

Meanwhile, politicians in developing nations, some of whom had long resented
microlenders as competitors for the hearts and minds of the poor, have taken to
depicting lenders as profiteering at the expense of borrowers.

The president of Nicaragua, Daniel Ortega, for example, supported ''movimiento
no pago,'' or the no-pay movement, which was started in 2008 by farmers after
some borrowers could not pay their debts. Partly as a result of that campaign, a
judge recently ordered the liquidation of one of the country's leading
microlenders, Banco del Exito, or Success Bank.

''These crises happen when the microfinance sector gets saturated, when it grows
too fast and the mechanism for controlling overindebtedness is not very well
developed,'' said Elisabeth Rhyne, a senior official at Accion International, an
organization in Boston that invests in microlenders. ''On the political side,
politicians or political actors take advantage of an opportunity. When they see
grievances, they go, 'Wow, we can make some hay with this.'''

While a broad thread of resentment and disenchantment runs across the globe, the
hostility toward microcredit stems from different circumstances in each nation.

In Bangladesh, Ms. Hasina appears to have become embittered with Grameen after
its founder, Muhammad Yunus, who shared the Nobel, announced in 2007 that he
would start a political party. At that time, the country was governed by a
caretaker government appointed by the military. Though Mr. Yunus later gave up
on the idea, analysts say Ms. Hasina and Mr. Yunus have not made amends.

Ms. Hasina's recent comments about microcredit were prompted by a Norwegian
documentary that accused Grameen of having improperly transferred to an
affiliate $100 million that Norway had donated to it more than a decade earlier.
Ms. Hasina said Grameen, 3.4 percent of which is owned by the government, might
have transferred the money to avoid taxes.

The bank, which has denied that accusation, reversed the transfer after
Norwegian officials objected to it. Norway recently issued a statement clearing
Grameen of wrongdoing.

The prime minister's media secretary did not return calls seeking comment.

In India, leaders in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh, which accounts for
about a third of the microloans in the country, have accused lenders of
impoverishing customers. Stories proliferated in the local news media about
women who had amassed debts of $1,000 or more as loan officers cajoled them into
borrowing more than they could afford and then browbeat them to repay. Many had
used the money to pay for televisions or health care or to soften the blow of
failed crops, rather than as seed money for businesses.

The movement against microcredit was started by opposition politicians, who have
encouraged borrowers not to repay their loans and have accused senior leaders of
the governing Congress party of being in league with lenders. The Congress-led
state government made the cause its own and passed a tough new law in December
to cap interest rates and regulate collections.

The crisis has had ripples across the nation. Banks, the primary source of money
for microlenders, have turned off the tap because they are worried about the
industry's future. As a result, microlenders have slowed or stopped lending
nationwide.

Industry leaders say they hope the issues will be resolved soon. The national
government and the Reserve Bank of India, the country's central bank, are
working on new nationwide regulations to oversee microcredit, said Alok Prasad,
chief executive of the Microfinance Institutions Network.

Still, some industry officials acknowledge that the sector also needs to revamp
itself to overcome political opposition and live up to its promise. They say
that organizations that now offer only loans need to diversify into microsavings
accounts, which many specialists assert are much better than loans at
alleviating poverty.

The industry, they say, also needs to speed up efforts to build a credit bureau
that would reduce overlending. And organizations need to measure their success
not just by growth and profits, but by how fast their customers are getting out
of poverty, experts say.

''We at microfinance have a job to do to make it easier for politicians to
support us,'' said Alex Counts, the chief executive of the Grameen Foundation, a
nonprofit in Washington that is not part of Grameen Bank. ''Rather than make
claims that get out in front of the research, we need to impose on ourselves the
discipline of transparency about poverty reduction.''

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Tips for all sizes and sectors

BYLINE: Rick Spence, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Growth Curve; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 800 words


Looking for a bank loan or a $500,000 equity infusion? Or would you like to
crowdsource some cash on the Internet? A financial forum staged by Enterprise
Toronto last week offered fundraising tips for entrepreneurs of all sizes and
sectors.

The No. 1 takeaway: Raising capital ain't easy. On a panel representing the full
spectrum of financial resources, the banker, community-fund manager,
crowdfunding consultant, angel investor and venture capitalist all agreed the
biggest mistake prospective clients make is thinking the process will be easier
than it is. Yes, these funders want to do business with you. But they have
terms, standards, qualifications and limits you have to meet, and that will
require preparation, analysis and clear thinking on your part.

As keynote speaker Jacoline Loewen told the more than 100 forum attendees, the
growth projections and marketing plans you prepare for funders' scrutiny
represent essential thinking about your business. Even if you don't score
capital with every meeting, going through this process will strengthen your
business and make you that much more attractive to the next lender or investor.

Here are some key takeaways from the sessions I attended:

Keep up! There are new forms of financing coming on stream all the time, to
address specific needs or market niches. This was the first time I had seen a
financial panel that included microloans and crowdfunding - two new and very
different sources of capital for those who have trouble raising conventional
financing.

Can't get a bank loan for your startup? Ontario's Trillium Foundation bankrolls
several community funds that provide low-cost microloans to qualifying
entrepreneurs. (In general, you should own 51% of your business, it's helpful to
have taken business courses, and you must use the loan to expand your business
not pay off debt.) Panelist Michael Scotland of Toronto's Access Community
Capital Fund said first-time microloans are available for as much as $5,000, at
interest rates just 1.5 percentage points above prime (plus a 5% administration
fee). If you pay off your first loan, Access may provide subsequent loans up to
$10,000.

Sweating over a business plan to impress your banker? Check first to see if it
will be read. Alex Ciancio of TD Business Banking noted that most small-business
lending decisions are based on your credit-worthiness - not your business plan.
Taking good care of your personal credit history is one of the most important
things you do to help your business.

Do you have collateral? Many entrepreneurs seeking bank loans are surprised to
be offered interest rates three or four points over prime. That's because most
rate-related advertising refers to mortgages or credit lines, where borrowers
put up their homes or other assets as security. Lower-cost business loans are
available if you have the collateral to secure them, Ciancio said.

Look closer to home. Although no moms or dads were represented on the panel,
several participants noted that love money - from family and friends - is often
the best first step for entrepreneurs. "It's usually the cheapest and most
flexible money you will ever raise," Ciancio said.

Relatives and pals can also get in on crowdfunding. This is where you create a
pitch on a crowdfunding website, say Kickstarter or Indiegogo, asking people to
support your project, usually in return for the equivalent value in products or
personal services.

Crowdfunding capital isn't free. You have to provide sufficient value to attract
supporters (In Canada, crowd-sourced capital is not equity or debt, it's
essentially a donation). You also have to learn how to tell your story, says
Christopher Charles-worth of HiveWire., because that's what people invest in.

Tell a compelling story. Venture capital and angel money are for the few
companies whose growth trajectory has the potential to give investors a return
of 700% to 1,000%, in about five years. Once again, your challenge is getting
the story right.

Again, cash comes with a cost. Several attendees wondered why investors need
"exits" within five or six years. Why can't they just stay invested in good
companies? "An investment isn't a marriage, it's just a relationship," said
Gerard Buckley, CEO of Jaguar Capital. While several CEOs seemed concerned about
their need to sell the company so venture investors can get their exit, Bram
Sugarman of OMERS Ventures, said founders can stay on if they want. Although if
their companies have had anywhere near the success they were hoping for, the
founder probably won't be able to raise enough cash to buy out the investor.

Still, it's a nice problem to have.

Rick Spence is a writer, consultant and speaker specializing in
entrepreneurship. His column appears weekly in the Financial Post. He can be
reached at rick@rickspence.ca

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Telegram (Massachusetts)

                            January 15, 2017 Sunday
                              Worcester TG Edition

SECTION: NEWS; 5

LENGTH: 967 words



HIGHLIGHT: River Styx Brewery receives $75k grant With photo


Fitchburg brewery receives $75k loan

FITCHBURG -- The North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation (NCMDC) has
granted a small business loan for $75,000 to River Styx Brewery, LLC, to be
located in downtown Fitchburg.

NCMDC granted a loan to Jackie and Scott Cullen to assist with opening River
Styx Brewery, a 10-barrel brewery and tap room to be located at 166 Boulder
Drive in Fitchburg, according to a news release.

The Cullens are scheduled to open the brewery in 2017. This loan was made in
partnership with the City of Fitchburg and the Fitchburg Redevelopment
Authority, and will create four new jobs. The NCMDC funds will be used to assist
with the leasehold improvements and equipment.

Worcester, North Central development corp. sign microloan agreement

The North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation (NCMDC) and the
Worcester Regional Chamber of Commerce have created a new partnership to bring
additional microlending resources closer to young companies in the City of
Worcester and the southern region of Worcester County.

The collaboration involves the NCMDC providing start-up and existing small
businesses in Worcester with access to its microloan financing programs, which
provide loans of up to $50,000 to help businesses that may not meet the
traditional lending standards, according to a news release from the two
chambers.

The Worcester Regional Chamber, along with its partner affiliates - the Auburn
Chamber of Commerce, Blackstone Valley Chamber of Commerce, Chamber of Commerce
of Central Mass South, Wachusett Area Chamber of Commerce and
Webster-Dudley-Oxford Chamber of Commerce - will provide the NCMDC with
marketing support in their communities and a presence in their office for their
loan officers to counsel potential clients.

The North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation (NCMDC) is a non-profit
corporation certified by the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA), and the
U.S. Department of the Treasury under the Community Development Financial
Institutions (CDFI) Program. The NCMDC works in partnership with local banks,
credit unions, chambers of commerce and area nonprofits to support emerging
microenterprises, small businesses, and community projects with loans and
business assistance. Since 1996, the NCMDC has granted over $4.3 million in
loans to small businesses to help grow jobs and the economy in 26 communities in
the North Central Massachusetts region. In addition, these funds were leveraged
with local financial institutions providing $14.8 million of their funds and
local investors and business owners providing another $3.2 million. Thousands of
new jobs have been created in the region as a result of the loans made.

Microloan programs have become increasingly important to the business community
since the economic collapse in 2008 that put more restrictions on how banks can
serve small business loans. Microloans made by the NCMDC can be used for working
capital, leasehold improvements, machinery and equipment, furniture and fixtures
and refinancing of business credit card debt, according to the news release.
Eligible businesses include manufacturing, retail, wholesale and service
businesses usually having five employees or less at the time of application and
meeting the definition of small business.

Realtor association has new name

WORCESTER -- The Central Mass. Association of Realtors has changed its name to
the Realtor Association of Central Mass.

The name change comes as the organization sought to have the first word of its
name best represent what the organization is all about. The rebranding will also
help the organization be more easily found in Internet searches.

The president of the Realtor Association of Central Mass. for 2017 is Sarah
Gustafson, who is a Realtor at Janice Mitchell Real Estate Inc. in Holden.

Woodstock Academy to install two charging stations

WOODSTOCK -- Woodstock Academy will install two electric vehicle charging
stations on campus this spring.

The stations will be located in the main parking lot close, to the maintenance
garage. The charging stations - two of five being introduced in the Town of
Woodstock - are being installed for free on behalf of the CT Green Bank for the
outstanding achievements made by the Woodstock Green Energy Commission in
fostering clean renewable energy in Woodstock, according to a news release.
Additional stations will be located at the middle school, elementary school, and
town hall.

The Woodstock CT Green Energy Team was officially established in 2008 as a
town-appointed committee, whose primary responsibility includes the
investigation of renewable energy options and ways the town and community can
conserve energy.

Fitchburg State Falcons to raise money for cancer cure

FITCHBURG -- The Wallace Civic Center ice and the Fitchburg State Falcons'
jerseys will be pink on Saturday, Jan. 21, when the university once again hosts
the Pink on the Rink fundraiser for the Cup Crusaders. All proceeds from the
game will go to the Susan G. Komen 3-Day for the Cure.

Tickets are $10, which will admit visitors for the 4 p.m. game pitting Fitchburg
State against the Plymouth State Panthers. That game will be followed by a pair
of local high school games also being played on the pink ice: Fitchburg High
takes on Leominster High at 6:10 p.m., with Lunenburg High battling St.
Bernard's at 8:10 p.m.

The games on Jan. 21 will mark Fitchburg State's second time hosting Pink on the
Rink. Last year's event raised more than $10,000 for the cause.

For tickets, contact Kathy DiRusso at 978-537-4720 or kathydirusso60@gmail.com

Roy Nascimento, left, president and CEO of the North Central Massachusetts
Development Corporation, and Timothy Murray, president and CEO of Worcester
Regional Chamber of Commerce, are shown signing a microloan agreement. SUBMITTED

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2017 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Cantwell Introduces Legislation to Close the Gender Gap for Women
Entrepreneurs

LENGTH: 1135  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Senate Committee on Small Business & Entrepreneurship, has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Maria Cantwell, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Small
Business and Entrepreneurship, joined Senators Ben Cardin (D-MD), Jeanne Shaheen
(D-NH), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), Tammy Baldwin (D-WI), and John Walsh (D-MT)
in introducing legislation this week aimed at giving women entrepreneurs equal
treatment when it comes to starting and growing their own businesses.

The "Women's Small Business Ownership Act of 2014" (S. 2693) would improve
access to lending and increase business counseling and training services for
women entrepreneurs, and give women-owned businesses the same level of access to
federal contracts as other disadvantaged groups.

"Women make up half of the population, and we have a lot of ideas that could
become great products and spur our economy," Cantwell said. "This legislation
will help ensure women entrepreneurs get the right tools they need to turn those
ideas into new businesses and create jobs."

The legislation adopts recommendations from a recent Senate Small Business
Committee report that showed significant barriers for women looking to start or
grow their own business. The  report highlighted how women-owned businesses
represent a $3 trillion economic force and support 23 million jobs, but still
face significant barriers compared to their male-owned counterparts.

Women entrepreneurs account for just $1 out of every $23 in small business
lending, despite representing 30 percent of all small companies. They are also
more likely to be turned down for loans or face less favorable terms than men,
according to the July 23 report, 21st Century Barriers to Women's
Entrepreneurship.

To address those gaps, the legislation would:

Expand and improve the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) Microloan and
Intermediary Lending programs to reach more women borrowers who need up to
$50,000, as well as reauthorize the SBA Intermediary Lending program - now a
pilot program -- to provide more women access to loans between $50,000 and
$200,000. The legislation would allow Microloan lenders to increase lending
capacity from $5 million to $7 million and improve the program to better meet
borrowers' needs through more flexible terms and expanded technical assistance.
Women often face difficulty in getting right-sized loans that fit their needs,
according to the report, and this will help fill a gap not met by traditional
private lending. The Microloan program targets new and early-stage small
businesses as well as borrowers with limited credit history who can't receive
financing from a traditional lending institution.

Allow sole-source contracting for federal contracts awarded through the
Women-Owned Small Business Federal Contract program, which would put women-owned
businesses on equal footing with other disadvantaged groups in the contracting
process. The legislation would change current law, and aims to help the federal
government meet its goal of awarding 5 percent of contracts to women-owned
businesses - a goal that has never been reached since it was established by
legislation 20 years ago.  When this goal is not reached, women-owned companies
miss out on $4 billion in federal contracting opportunities each year.

Increase funding for the Women's Business Center program to expand and improve
counseling and training services to reach more women entrepreneurs, especially
in low-income areas. The program, overseen by SBA's Office of Women's Business
Ownership, issues grants to nonprofits that provide these services. The centers
assist 150,000 clients annually, and helped women to access more than $25
million in capital in fiscal year 2013. The centers help address the unique
challenges women entrepreneurs face, such as less capital to invest and
responsibility for child care or elder care. The legislation would reauthorize
the program through 2019 and nearly double the annual funding authorization. It
also would establish clear metrics to measure each center's success.

Require data on women-owned small businesses by establishing a 2015 deadline for
an SBA study to identify industries in which women-owned small businesses are
under-represented. The original deadline was 2018.

"Small businesses are at the heart of America's economic engine. We need to
ensure that our women entrepreneurs have the right tools available to help them
succeed," Cardin said. "I'm proud to support the Women's Small Business
Ownership Act, which gives women a fair shot at helping improve our economy and
strengthen the middle class through small business ownership."

"Women are an essential part to growing our economy and creating jobs, but they
are wholly underrepresented as business owners and contract and loan
recipients," Shaheen said. "By addressing the challenges women entrepreneurs and
business owners face, we will give women, job seekers and our economy the tools
they need to grow and succeed."

"Our economy desperately needs to grow more small business start-ups," Baldwin
said. "This legislation invests in job creation, supports our American
entrepreneurial spirit, and will help strengthen the economic security of women
and their families."

"This bill will ensure that women entrepreneurs have access to capital and
opportunity," Walsh said. "By making sure today's leaders have the resources to
start their own businesses, we will encourage the next generation of
entrepreneurs to pursue their goals, strengthening Montana's economy and
creating jobs."

"Small businesses are the backbone of our economy and the most powerful job
creators we have," Gillibrand said. "And the fact is, women are increasingly the
new family breadwinner. Women are the primary income earner for a growing share
of homes across America. The key to a growing economy, and the key to an
American middle class that is built to thrive in the 21st century is women. When
we equip more working women with the tools and the opportunities to achieve
their best in the economy, and their best for their family, that's when
America's middle class will thrive again. Without a doubt, if given a fair shot,
women will be the ones who ignite our economy and lead America's middle class
revival."

The full text of the legislation is available here.

A summary of the legislation is also available here.

The Women's Small Business Ownership Act has received strong support from key
stakeholders including Women Impacting Public Policy, the Association for
Enterprise Opportunity, the Association of Women's Business Centers, U.S. Black
Chambers, Inc., the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, the National Venture
Capital Association, and 32 community development organizations from 20 states.

For further information please visit: http://www.sbc.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 3, 2008 Monday

Small loans make a big difference

BYLINE: Paris Achen, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 736 words


Mar. 3--Lim Um, 55, wanted to buy a motorbike to help her and four of her seven
children transport cookies and vegetables from their home 10 miles outside Phnom
Penh, Cambodia, to sell at the market in the capital city.

Some students at South Medford High School recently loaned her about $25 to help
her do so as part of a freshman world studies activity making microloans, small
loans to poor entrepreneurs in developing countries with no collateral.

"It's awesome to be able to donate what is spare money to us, and to people
there it makes a huge difference in their life," said freshman Kimberly Brown.

For the past month, the students in teacher Dave Lefkowitz's social studies
classes have been making the loans online through Kiva, a nonprofit group in San
Francisco.

Kiva participants loan some or all of the requested amount, and the borrower
makes payments like any traditional loan.

Lefkowitz thought the concept devised by Bangladesh Professor Muhammad Yunus
would be a good learning tool to connect students to other parts of the world,
some of which they already study. Yunus won the Noble Peace Prize in 2006 for
the role microfinance has played in helping to lift people out of poverty and
provide their children with a better future.

"I'm a believer that teaching people facts is boring," Lefkowitz said.

"For most of us, if we're not getting involved in society, we are only going
halfway. I think you've got to get involved, and if we haven't taught students
how to get involved we haven't done our job as teachers."

Lefkowitz's five world studies classes have loaned a total of about $425 to 17
people in Central America, South America, Africa and Asia. Another $170 raised
by two students at a dance two weeks ago is waiting for distribution.

The students collect no interest on the loans. Instead, Kiva's field partners,
usually small banks in the 41 countries, collect the interest on the loans in
exchange for their services.

Kiva has facilitated more than 35,300 loans equaling more than $23.6 million in
the past two years since its Web site was launched two years ago.

The average loan request is about $550.

As students scrolled through loan candidates on the Kiva Web site on a Thursday
morning, the excitement was palpable.

The class selected Lim Um based on the number of children she has.

"Pay it," one student shouted, as if he were urging on his home football team to
score a touchdown.

The class cheered as Lefkowitz clicked on Lim Um's name and typed in a credit
card number to make the loan.

He also took the opportunity to review the characteristics of Cambodia, as the
class has recently been studying the monsoon weather phenomenon in Asia. He
quickly quizzed them on their knowledge of Buddhism, a dominant religion in the
country, before moving on.

"I think doing this helps us learn where people are coming from and what other
countries are like and teaches us to be more grateful for what we have," said
freshman Kris Leitz.

About one-third to one-half of the world's population earns $2 day. That equals
the price of a large cup of soda, noted freshman Jed Hamilton.

Teacher Joshua Wallace's Spanish class also has joined in after two of his
students who are in Lefkowitz's class made a presentation about microloans.
Wallace's class will translate letters between some of the Central and South
American loan recipients and Lefkowitz's classes.

"That will take us one step further to see how the money is being used,"
Lefkowitz said.

Students said they were amazed to learn that poor people in developing countries
have a better rate of loan repayment than middle-class Americans. Kiva loan
recipients have a repayment rate of more than 99 percent.

"It kind of blows my mind because people in Third World countries have to
struggle to pay these loans back," said freshman Corie Davis. "Those who don't
have to struggle aren't as likely to pay it back. I don't know why that is, but
maybe it's because people in Third World countries know what it's like to live
without things."

To see more of the Mail Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mailtribune.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080303-ME-MICROLOANS-20080303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2008 Mail Tribune


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                October 27, 2014

Small-biz lending gets $5M injection;
Loans will run $5K-$100K

BYLINE: AMY HAIMERL

SECTION: Pg. 3 Vol. 30

LENGTH: 1219  words


Small-business lending in Detroit is getting a big boost - a $5 million boost -
through the newly created Detroit Microloan Collaborative.

Columbus, Ohio-based Huntington Bank issued the $5 million line of credit to the
Detroit Development Fund to launch the collaborative, which will provide loans
of $5,000 to $100,000 to Detroit-area small businesses that don't qualify for
traditional lending because their capital needs are too small, their companies
are too new, or they need help becoming credit-worthy or developing a business
plan. The program focuses on woman- and minority-owned businesses but will be
available to others as well.

"We have seen that there is a definite need for microloans in the area," said
Renee Williams, Huntington's vice president/community development executive for
Michigan. "Access to capital to all levels of business is really important, and
that is what microlending provides. We see it as an opportunity to help with
economic growth overall."

In the past decade, small-business lending in the city of Detroit all but dried
up for firms with revenue below $1 million - the bulk of the city's
entrepreneurs - according to a recent report by the Federal Reserve Bank of
Chicago. It found that small businesses in the city faced the "steepest cuts in
lending" in the region during the second half of the 2000s, particularly among
black-owned businesses.

Ray Waters, president of the Detroit Development Fund, and Dave Egner, executive
director of the Detroit-based nonprofit New Economy Initiative, have been
thinking about how to solve the problem for more than three years. But they knew
the solution involved more than just getting dollars in the market; the money
would sit unused because area businesses aren't yet credit worthy.

"One of the challenges in this market isn't capital as much as making sure that
companies are ready for a loan," Waters said. "They don't have financial
statements; they don't know how to approach a lender. We knew we'd have to get
them ready."

So when Huntington and the Michigan Economic Development Corp. approached Waters
last year and expressed interest in starting a microloan fund to help grow small
businesses, he saw an opportunity. The DDF already makes loans of $40,000 to
$100,000 - small by bank standards - and Waters didn't want to just expand his
own lending practice. Instead, he asked the Michigan Women's Foundation and
Detroit Micro-Enterprise Fund, two organizations already active in microlending,
to combine efforts and create an informal collaborative.

They readily agreed, creating a one-stop shop for small-business owners in
search of startup or growth capital.

The group also brought on Detroit-based LifeLine Business Consulting Services to
act as the front door of the organization. LifeLine will assess companies when
they come in, see how loan-ready they are, and then offer the business
development and mentoring needed to get them ready for the funders. Its services
are funded through a $400,000 grant from NEI to DDF to staff and operate the
collaborative.

"Detroit is a women's city," said Carolyn Cassin, president and CEO of the
Michigan Women's Foundation. "Eighty-five percent of households are women. They
have good ideas and are excited about what is happening in Detroit and want to
be a part of it, but they don't know how to run a business. We knew LifeLine
would be critical to making that happen."

Small businesses interested in a loan through the collaborative start with
LifeLine, whose team of former entrepreneurs and business owners will help guide
candidates in crafting their business plans, getting their financial projections
in order - even thinking about whether their idea is a good one. LifeLine will
also offer life coaches to help with what CEO and founder Nicole Farmer calls
the "icky-ness" factor in their lives. LifeLine's focus is business acumen, but
it also helps people address soft skills, such as confidence and self-worth and
the struggles that often come with rising out of poverty.

"The 40-year-old African-American woman is starting to take a different look at
her life and walking into entrepreneurship," she said. "They are focusing on
themselves and their passions. They are changing their perspective and their
destiny. They are getting out of poverty, trying to build a better future for
children. Or they are finally focusing on themselves and their dreams."

Once a business owner comes through the LifeLine program, it can be considered
by the Michigan Women's Foundation or Detroit Micro-Enterprise Fund for a loan
of between $5,000 and $40,000 or by the Detroit Development Fund for larger
sums.

The loans, backed by the Michigan Economic Development Corp., carry interest
rates of 6.5 to 8 percent.

Waters expects that most of the portfolio will be composed of "lifestyle
companies" - those firms that aren't in the high-tech, high-growth sector but
rather are restaurants, auto body shops, retail stores, small manufacturers -
businesses led by women and minority owners who have less than $50,000 in annual
sales.

"Maybe they never grow to more than $200,000 in sales, but that's a good
business," Waters said. "They can lead a good life, provide for their families."

Most importantly, however, they would not have access to traditional capital
markets: "If anyone is bankable, we send them to a bank," Farmer said.

And if they are in the high-tech, high-growth sector? Farmer would send them to
Bizdom Detroit or another group for assistance.

LifeLine has had contact with more than 200 firms, and the collaborative is
ready to close seven loans once all the paperwork is finalized next week.
Another five to 10 loans are already in the pipeline, and the goal is to close
40-50 loans in 2015.

For those firms that have gone through other training programs, such as the
Build Institute or TechTown Detroit's retail boot camp, LifeLine will assess
their skills and then pass them straight to the funders if they are ready.

"We view it as a ladder," Waters said. "A company can come through LifeLine and
be funded by Detroit Micro-Enterprise Fund. After a year and they are seasoned
and they pay well, they could come to us and get a bigger loan. After they are
seasoned with us, they can get moved up to the ladder to a bank financing which,
would be a better interest rate."

And that helps Huntington build a pipeline of potential future borrowers.
Already the bank is the region and nation's largest lender of Small Business
Administration-backed loans.

"Small businesses create more than 60 percent of all new jobs, making our
communities healthier and more vibrant," said Deborah Stein, Huntington's
business banking director.

In Michigan, the bank issued 1,098 SBA loans in the last fiscal year, totaling
$163 million.

The $5 million that it set aside for small businesses in the city of Detroit is
part of a $25 million commitment to the state that was announced last year. It
also complements a $2 billion commercial and small-business lending agreement
with the state that the bank announced at the 2011 Mackinac Policy Conference.

At the time of the $25 million announcement, Mike Fezzey, Huntington's East
Michigan president, said, "Detroit is an ideal place to launch our new
partnership with Michigan to help maximize neighborhood-by-neighborhood
investment in the city."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2014 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

6 Options for Financing Your Small Business Marketing Plan

LENGTH: 578  words


Washington, D.C.: US Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:

According to LegalZoom, small businesses spend up to 50 percent of their sales
on introductory or marketing launch programs, while established businesses can
spend up to 30 percent.

That may sound like a considerable chunk of change, but marketing is a must for
small businesses - it gets you attention, helps build brand, generates demand
and wins customers. But too often, marketing is seen as an unnecessary frivolity
and is often the first cut from budgets when cash flow projections aren't so
healthy.

So how should you finance your small business marketing? If you can't afford to
allocate a sufficient slice of your sales revenue to fund your marketing
strategy, you might consider financing it just as you would new equipment or
inventory. Let's take a look at your options.
If you're starting up

Credit cards, crowd-funding and even friends and family are popular sources of
financing for new businesses. Another popular option for new businesses is a
line of credit.

A line of credit is a given amount of money you can borrow when you need it, and
repay back when you don't. Because you can draw on it when you need it, you can
continue to finance your marketing strategy over time. Lines of credit can also
be more advantageous to start-ups because you only have to pay interest on the
money you use - if your credit line balance is zero one month - you pay nothing,
much like a credit card.

Read more about your options in Marco Carbajo's blog: Which Unsecured Business
Lines of Credit are Best for Your Business?
If your business is established

A line of credit and the other funding sources mentioned above are still useful
for established businesses, but as your business matures and becomes both
profitable and cash-flow positive, you may want to consider obtaining a loan to
finance your marketing.

One option is the SBA Microloan program. These loans range from $500 to $50,000
and are administered by microlenders (as opposed to traditional banks who won't
consider lending such small amounts). Microloans are well suited to start-up and
smaller businesses such as retailers, restaurants, hair salons, and so on, that
don't have huge financing needs and may or may not have great credit. Inc.com
offers a great explanation of the pros and cons of microloans.

If you need more funds, consider the SBA Express loan program. A subset of SBA's
flagship 7(a) loan program, SBA Express is designed for businesses with
financing needs up to $350,000. The proceeds can be used to finance a variety of
business activities and no collateral is required for loans up to $25,000
(although a business plan and strong business credit are essential). The
application process is also more streamlined and benefits businesses who need
easy access to funding - loans are usually reviewed and approved within 36
hours.

Read more about what SBA loans are all about and talk to an SBA lender to help
determine your eligibility for the Express program.
The bottom line

Marketing is an investment in future sales - whether you're a freelancer in need
of a new website to attract more clients or a retail store looking to generate
more foot traffic. Don't ignore it. If you're not convinced, read these 10
Reasons You Can't Afford Not to Market Your Small Business from the Udemy blog.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     February 21, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Whole Planet Foundation Spices Up Giving Campaign

LENGTH: 393  words


New Delhi, Feb. 21 -- Whole Planet Foundation kicks off its 2013 Prosperity
Campaign today at Whole Foods Market with the goal of raising $5.7 million for
global poverty relief - enough funds to create nearly 36,000 microloans that
will support more than 200,000 people with the chance for a better life.



Through March 31, shoppers can make a difference by participating in hundreds of
fundraising opportunities at Whole Foods Market stores - from wine tastings and
fashion shows to charity races - or by donating at store checkouts or online at
wholeplanetfoundation.org.

This year, shoppers can also enter for a chance to win a trip to Morocco,
courtesy of Intrepid Travel, to see the power of microcredit first-hand. On this
five-day adventure for two, travelers will meet women who benefit from the
foundation's support, while they take in the sights, sounds and flavors of
Morocco. For a chance to win, entrants must start an online fundraising campaign
at: wholeplanetfoundation.org/get-involved/create-a-campaign and raise a loan to
change lives before March 15.

"A loan as small as $200 can spark lifelong change for a poor entrepreneur,
providing the opportunity for her to create or grow her own business and lift
herself and her family out of poverty," said Philip Sansone, president and
executive director of Whole Planet Foundation. "This year, we're honored to
offer shoppers a chance to see just how deeply their fundraising dollars can
impact a woman and her family abroad."

Through grants to microfinance partners in the U.S. and 54 other countries,
Whole Planet Foundation funds microloans in poor communities where Whole Foods
Market sources products. To date, the foundation has committed more than $34
million and disbursed more than $24 million worldwide, supporting more than 1.5
million people around the world.

With no collateral, credit history or a contract required, microloans offer many
low-income women their first chance to gain financial independence, launch their
own businesses and start a new life. Prosperity from their food carts, at-home
bakeries and tailor shops can help women provide healthier meals, better housing
and an education for themselves and their children.

For more information about Whole Planet Foundation, fundraising opportunities or
for testimonials from microcredit clients, visit wholeplanetfoundation.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                    February 20, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Whole Foods Market: Whole Planet Foundation Spices Up Giving Campaign

LENGTH: 393  words


New Delhi, Feb. 20 -- Whole Planet Foundation kicks off its 2013 Prosperity
Campaign today at Whole Foods Market with the goal of raising $5.7 million for
global poverty relief - enough funds to create nearly 36,000 microloans that
will support more than 200,000 people with the chance for a better life.



Through March 31, shoppers can make a difference by participating in hundreds of
fundraising opportunities at Whole Foods Market stores - from wine tastings and
fashion shows to charity races - or by donating at store checkouts or online at
wholeplanetfoundation.org.

This year, shoppers can also enter for a chance to win a trip to Morocco,
courtesy of Intrepid Travel, to see the power of microcredit first-hand. On this
five-day adventure for two, travelers will meet women who benefit from the
foundation's support, while they take in the sights, sounds and flavors of
Morocco. For a chance to win, entrants must start an online fundraising campaign
at: wholeplanetfoundation.org/get-involved/create-a-campaign and raise a loan to
change lives before March 15.

"A loan as small as $200 can spark lifelong change for a poor entrepreneur,
providing the opportunity for her to create or grow her own business and lift
herself and her family out of poverty," said Philip Sansone, president and
executive director of Whole Planet Foundation. "This year, we're honored to
offer shoppers a chance to see just how deeply their fundraising dollars can
impact a woman and her family abroad."

Through grants to microfinance partners in the U.S. and 54 other countries,
Whole Planet Foundation funds microloans in poor communities where Whole Foods
Market sources products. To date, the foundation has committed more than $34
million and disbursed more than $24 million worldwide, supporting more than 1.5
million people around the world.

With no collateral, credit history or a contract required, microloans offer many
low-income women their first chance to gain financial independence, launch their
own businesses and start a new life. Prosperity from their food carts, at-home
bakeries and tailor shops can help women provide healthier meals, better housing
and an education for themselves and their children.

For more information about Whole Planet Foundation, fundraising opportunities or
for testimonials from microcredit clients, visit wholeplanetfoundation.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            November 13, 2006 Monday
                                  Main Edition

Invest in tiny loans' huge payoff

BYLINE: PATRICIA ARIAS; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 918 words


Today's anti-poverty advocates might suggest the following 21st century twist on
an ancient truism about fighting poverty: "Give a woman a fish, and she eats for
a day. Give her a small loan to buy the fishing rod and tackle, and she eats for
a lifetime --- and feeds her children, too." This updated version of an old
parable captures the wisdom of microcredit, now widely recognized as a viable
tool for helping the world's poor to help themselves.

Microfinance banks make uncollateralized, tiny loans --- usually under $150 ---
to poor borrowers, primarily women. Many microfinance banks also offer
education, health and other services and support for the recipients of
microloans, and in some instances achieve loan repayment rates of 97 percent. By
offering a hand up, rather than just a hand out, microcredit programs help
empower borrowers to lift themselves and their families out of poverty with
dignity.

Last month, Atlanta members of RESULTS, a grassroots nonprofit group working to
end hunger and poverty, cheered the news that Bangladeshi economist Muhammad
Yunus won the Nobel Peace Prize. Yunus is the father of the microcredit movement
and an 18-year member of the RESULTS board. This month, RESULTS and other
supporters of microcredit celebrate another victory: release of a report showing
that in the coming months, microcredit will have reached more than 100 million
people who live on less than $1 per day. Estimating an average of five people
per family, this means microcredit loans will soon have an impact on the lives
of half a billion of the world's poorest people.

The story of one microloan recipient, Susan Wangui, who lives in Kenya, gives
real life meaning to these huge numbers. Wangui was born to a poor rural family
and has only a fourth-grade education. Having been rejected by her parents and
abandoned by her husband, she was HIV-positive and working as a prostitute in
order to support her two small children.

Then Wangui learned about Jamii Bora (meaning "good families"), a Nairobi-based
microfinance institution supported with grants from the American nonprofit
organization Unitus. She completed Jamii Bora's business training and with a
series of small loans --- the most recent for just $110 --- Wangui started a
clothes mending and sales business. She was able to move her family out of a
crime- and disease-ridden slum into a house with such new amenities as a floor,
running water, a waterproof roof, and a locking door.

Jamii Bora also provides Wangui with access to medical insurance and HIV
medication. Without these programs, Wangui is convinced her children would now
be orphans. Instead, for the first time in her life Wangui has some savings and
she is working to ensure her children's education.

Multiply Wangui's story by 100 million and you begin to see the impact of the
economic revolution Yunus started with microcredit. Yet, even with that
impressive track record, microcredit and its supporters face challenges.

One disappointing holdout is the World Bank --- ironically the most visible
financial institution helping to combat global poverty. Currently less than 1
percent of the World Bank's portfolio goes to support microcredit. As the
dispenser of a significant portion of the World Bank's funding, Congress should
encourage the World Bank to make a stronger commitment to support microcredit by
increasing its funding for microcredit programs to at least 2 percent.

Microcredit also needs to be administered in a way that guarantees the loans are
going to the world's poorest people, those living on less than $1 per day. In
2004, Congress passed a law requiring that the United States Agency for
International Development certify tools to measure the poverty level of
borrowers and enable the agency to track results in reaching the very poor.
USAID was expected to certify those poverty measurement tools last month, but
that deadline passed with no tools certified and none expected any time soon.
Congress should insist that these tools be developed, certified and implemented
in the next six months.

Undeterred by the skeptics and holdouts, this week the Microcredit Summit
Campaign, a sister organization of RESULTS, will call on the anti-poverty
community to embrace an even broader vision for the future of microcredit. More
than 2,000 delegates from all over the world --- including Muhammad Yunus ---
will meet at the Microcredit Summit in Halifax, Nova Scotia.

At that event, Phase II of the Microcredit Summit Campaign will be launched,
with the bold goals of reaching 175 million of the world's poorest people with
microcredit by 2015 and ensuring that by that date 100 million of the world's
poorest families move above the extreme poverty threshold of $1 a day in income.
This second goal, if achieved, will cut extreme hunger and poverty in half by
2015, the first of the United Nations' Millennium Development Goals --- endorsed
by all 191 U.N. member states, including the United States.

This year, the Nobel Committee recognized the promise and success of
microcredit. The opportunity to eradicate extreme poverty from the planet is
attainable over the next 25 years and microcredit is the one of the best tools
to achieve that goal.

It is time for the skeptics and holdouts, including the World Bank, to embrace
the Microcredit Summit Campaign's new goals by fully supporting continued growth
for microcredit programs around the world.

* Patricia Arias of Decatur is a volunteer with RESULTS and ONE, organizations
working to end poverty.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: PAVEL RAHMAN / Associated PressSupporters greet Nobel Peace
Prize winner Muhammad Yunus in Dhaka, Bangladesh, on Oct. 14. Yunus pioneered
the revolutionary idea of lending tiny sums to poor people to start businesses.
Photo: Patricia Arias
Photo: RESULTSSusan Wangui, a Kenyan who is the mother of two, received a
special microloan that has dramatically improved her family's life.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     October 13, 2000 Friday Final Edition

Microloans prime small business; Credit pumps up Haiti's economy

SOURCE: The Boston Globe

BYLINE: Richard Chacon

SECTION: CANADA & WORLD; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 567 words

DATELINE: PORT-AU-PRINCE, HAITI


In the three years he has run a small paint store in a dusty row populated by
mechanics and body shops, Raymond St. Juscar has never had a savings account,
much less a bank credit line.

Like most other struggling entrepreneurs in this hard-pressed country, his idea
of a loan was to borrow cash from someone on the street, for 10 per cent
interest or more per month. So imagine his shock when a loan officer from one of
Haiti's largest banks came knocking on his tin-shack workshop two months ago,
offering him money at only 3 per cent a month.

"I never thought a bank would make a loan to me," said St. Juscar, 40, who
immediately took out a five-month loan for roughly $500. "Now I don't have to
spend my own money to buy supplies. I can use it for my family."

Juscar is part of a quiet but growing revolution in Haiti's banking industry.
Desperate to find new customers in a country squeezed by chronic economic
problems and years of political turmoil, two of Haiti's largest commercial banks
are now pinning their hopes on a market they once turned away from: the small,
poor entrepreneur.

"We've had a banking system here that, for more than a century, took money from
the poor and loaned it to the rich," said Pierre-Marie Boisson, chief economist
at Sogebank, which last month started its own so-called microcredit program.
"Now we're realizing that we need to give poor business owners access to
credit."

The concept seems simple: Find struggling but determined entrepreneurs and give
them a boost by offering them small loans they can retire in a few months,
paying weekly or every two weeks.

It's an idea that has been used in developing countries around the world and
pioneered by nonprofit organizations such as Somerville-based Accion
Internacional, which began working with commercial banks on microloan programs
in Latin America more than 20 years ago.

As it has done in countries like Bolivia, Colombia and Mexico, Accion
Internacional is training Sogebank officials in Haiti on how to run its new
program which gives small-business owners loans of between $80 and $400 that are
normally paid back in five months.

Haiti's other bank-based microloan program, run by UniBank, began late last year
with help from IPC, a German consulting firm.

To draw more business, the two banks have turned to microloans. Such a plan
requires a much different approach to traditional lending, especially in a
country like Haiti where 80 per cent of business is conducted in an informal
economy. Most small-business owners here don't have tax records, credit reports,
or assets to use as collateral.

Instead, loan officers, who have been trained in microlending, use different
standards to determine a borrower's ability to repay: the length of time the
business has existed; household goods that could be used as collateral; and the
owner's character and willingness to pay the loan and expand the business.

The process also requires that loan officials spend time with the entrepreneur
at the business, making sure that the money borrowed is used for the business
and that the entrepreneur pays the loan back on time.

Officials like Boisson know there is a long-term benefit to the risk they're
taking now. By moving borrowers from street-corner loan sharks to banks, they
can bring some order to a country -- and an economy -- that desperately need it.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2000 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 6, 2011 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

15 Years In, Microcredit Has Suffered a Black Eye

BYLINE: By VIKAS BAJAJ

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1390 words


MUMBAI, India -- Microcredit is losing its halo in many developing countries.

Microcredit was once extolled by world leaders like Bill Clinton and Tony Blair
as a powerful tool that could help eliminate poverty, through loans as small as
$50 to cowherds, basket weavers and other poor people for starting or expanding
businesses. But now microloans have prompted political hostility in Bangladesh,
India, Nicaragua and other developing countries.

In December, the prime minister of Bangladesh, Sheik Hasina Wazed, who had
championed microloans alongside President Clinton at talks in Washington in
1997, turned her back on them. She said microlenders were ''sucking blood from
the poor in the name of poverty alleviation,'' and she ordered an investigation
into Grameen Bank, which had pioneered microcredit and, with its founder, was
awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.

Here in India, until recently home to the world's fastest-growing microcredit
businesses, lending has slowed sharply since the state with the most microloans
adopted a strict law restricting lending. In Nicaragua, Pakistan and Bolivia,
activists and politicians have urged borrowers not to repay their loans.

The hostility toward microfinance is a sharp reversal from the praise and good
will that politicians, social workers and bankers showered on the sector in the
last decade. Philanthropists and investors poured billions of dollars into
nonprofit and profit-making microlenders, who were considered vital players in
achieving the United Nations' ambitious Millennium Development Goals for 2015
that world leaders set in 2000. One of the goals was to reduce by half the
number of people in extreme poverty.

The attention lavished on microcredit helped the sector reach more than 91
million customers, most of them women, with loans totaling more than $70 billion
by the end of 2009. India and Bangladesh together account for half of all
borrowers.

But as with other trumpeted development initiatives that have promised to lift
hundreds of millions from poverty, microcredit has struggled to turn rhetoric
into tangible success.

Done right, these loans have shown promise in allowing some borrowers to build
sustainable livelihoods. But it has also become clear that the rapid growth of
microcredit -- in India some lending firms were growing at 60 percent to 100
percent a year -- has made the loans much less effective.

Most borrowers do not appear to be climbing out of poverty, and a sizable
minority is getting trapped in a spiral of debt, according to studies and
analysts.

''Credit is both the source of possibilities and it's a bond,'' said David
Roodman, a senior fellow at the Center for Global Development, a research
organization in Washington. ''Credit is often operating at this knife's edge,
and that gets forgotten.''

Even as the results for borrowers have been mixed, some lenders have minted
profits that might make Wall Street bankers envious. For instance, investors in
India's largest microcredit firm, SKS Microfinance, sold shares last year for as
much as 95 times what they paid for them a few years earlier.

Meanwhile, politicians in developing nations, some of whom had long resented
microlenders as competitors for the hearts and minds of the poor, have taken to
depicting lenders as profiteering at the expense of borrowers.

Nicaragua's president, Daniel Ortega, for example, supported ''movimiento no
pago,'' or the no-pay movement, which was started in 2008 by farmers after some
borrowers could not pay their debts. Partly as a result of that campaign, a
judge recently ordered the liquidation of one of the country's leading
microlenders, Banco del Exito, or Success Bank.

''These crises happen when the microfinance sector gets saturated, when it grows
too fast, and the mechanisms for controlling overindebtedness is not very well
developed,'' said Elisabeth Rhyne, a senior official at Accion International, a
organization in Boston that invests in microlenders. ''On the political side,
politicians or political actors take advantage of an opportunity. When they see
grievances, they go, 'Wow, we can make some hay with this.' ''

While a broad thread of resentment and disenchantment runs across the globe, the
hostility toward microcredit stems from different circumstances in each nation.

In Bangladesh, Ms. Hasina appears to have become embittered with Grameen after
its founder, Muhammad Yunus, who shared the Nobel, announced in 2007 that he
would start a political party. At that time, the country was ruled by a
caretaker government appointed by the military. Though Mr. Yunus later gave up
on the idea, analysts say Ms. Hasina and Mr. Yunus have not made amends.

Ms. Hasina's recent comments about microcredit were prompted by a Norwegian
documentary that accused Grameen of improperly transferring to an affiliate $100
million that Norway had donated to it more than a decade ago. Ms. Hasina said
Grameen, 3.4 percent of which is owned by the government, might have transferred
the money to avoid taxes.

The bank, which has denied that accusation, reversed the transfer after
Norwegian officials objected to it. Norway recently issued a statement clearing
Grameen of wrongdoing.

The prime minister's press secretary did not return calls seeking comment.

In India, leaders in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh, which accounts for
about a third of the country's microloans, have accused lenders of impoverishing
customers. Stories proliferated in the local news media about women who had
amassed debts of $1,000 or more as loan officers cajoled them into borrowing
more than they could afford and then browbeat them to repay. Many had used the
money to pay for televisions or health care or to soften the blow of failed
crops, rather than as seed money for businesses.

Microcredit firms in India were also accused of siphoning borrowers from
government-run ''self-help groups'' -- women's organizations that can borrow
small amounts at subsidized interest rates from government-owned banks.

The movement against microcredit was started by opposition politicians, who have
encouraged borrowers not to repay their loans and have accused senior leaders of
the ruling Congress Party of being in cahoots with lenders. The Congress-led
state government made the cause its own and passed a tough new law in December
to cap interest rates and regulate collections.

The crisis has had ripples across the nation. Banks, the primary source of money
for microlenders, have turned off the tap because they are worried about the
industry's future. As a result, microlenders have slowed or stopped lending
nationwide.

Grameen Financial Services, a microlender in Bangalore that is not related to
Grameen Bank, has idled 600 new employees it hired just a few months earlier
with plans to expand into western and central India. The firm does not lend in
Andhra Pradesh.

''This is frustrating,'' said Suresh K. Krishna, managing director of Grameen
Financial. ''This is not what we set out for. The whole objective of floating
this was to support entrepreneurs and support people in the rural areas and
people below the poverty line.''

Industry leaders say they hope the issues will be resolved soon. The federal
government and the Reserve Bank of India, the country's central bank, are
working on new federal regulations to oversee microcredit, said Alok Prasad,
chief executive of the Microfinance Institutions Network.

Still, some industry officials acknowledge that the sector needs to reform
itself to overcome political opposition and live up to its promise. They say
organizations that now offer only loans need to diversify into microsavings
accounts, which many specialists assert are much better than loans at easing
poverty.

The industry, they say, also needs to speed up efforts to build a credit bureau
that would reduce overlending. And organizations need to measure their success
not just by growth and profits, but by how fast their customers are getting out
of poverty, experts say.

''We at microfinance have a job to do to make it easier for politicians to
support us,'' said Alex Counts, the chief executive of the Grameen Foundation, a
nonprofit in Washington that is not part of Grameen Bank. ''Rather than make
claims that get out in front of the research, we need to impose on ourselves the
discipline of transparency about poverty reduction.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Women in a suburb of Mumbai attending a meeting to learn about
microloans. Most of the clients for such loans are women. (PHOTOGRAPH BY KAINAZ
AMARIA FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
 A demonstration in Hyderabad, India, last October was aimed at microcredit
companies, accusing them of high interest rates. (PHOTOGRAPH BY NOAH
SEELAM/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES) CHARTS: Lending to the World's
Poor: Government officials in India and Bangladesh have said microcredit lenders
exploit the poor. The two countries account for more than half of the world's
microcredit borrowers, although they account for a far smaller share of the
total money lent. (Source: Microfinance Information Exchange)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements Under OMB Review

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements Under
OMB Review AGENCY: Small Business Administration. ACTION: 30-Day notice.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Small Business Administration (SBA) is publishing this notice to comply with
requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35), which
requires agencies to submit proposed reporting and recordkeeping requirements to
OMB for review and approval, and to publish a notice in the Federal Register
notifying the public that the agency has made such a submission. This notice
also allows an additional 30 days for public comments. DATES: Submit comments on
or before May 12, 2016. ADDRESSES: Comments should refer to the information
collection by name and/or OMB Control Number and should be sent to: Agency
Clearance Officer, Curtis Rich, Small Business Administration, 409 3rd Street
SW., 5th Floor, Washington, DC 20416; and SBA Desk Officer, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, New
Executive Office Building, Washington, DC 20503. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Curtis Rich, Agency Clearance Officer, (202) 205-7030
curtis.rich@sba.gov Copies: A copy of the Form OMB 83-1, supporting statement,
and other documents submitted to OMB for review may be obtained from the Agency
Clearance Officer. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Information collection is needed
to ensure that Microloan Program activity meets the statutory goals of assisting
mandated target market. The information is used by the reporting participants
and the SBA to assist with portfolio management, risk management, loan servicing
oversight and compliance, data management and understanding of short and long
term trends and development of outcome measures. Solicitation of Public Comments
SBA is requesting comments on (a) Whether the collection of information is
necessary for the agency to properly perform its functions; (b) whether the
burden estimates are accurate; (c) whether there are ways to minimize the
burden, including through the use of automated techniques or other forms of
information technology; and (d) whether there are ways to enhance the quality,
utility, and clarity of the information. Title: Microloan Program Electronic
Reporting System (MPERS). Description of Respondents: SBA reporting participants
in the Microloan Program. Form Number: N/A. Estimated Annual Responses: 6,240.
Estimated Annual Hour Burden: 3,080. Curtis B. Rich, Management Analyst. [FR
Doc. 2016-08315 Filed 4-11-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 8025-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             May 11, 2005 Wednesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

FLAIR FOR CARE;
LOANS HELP FILL PARENTS' NEED FOR HELP WHILE THEY WORK

BYLINE: By Evan Pondel Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 762 words


PACOIMA - It's not easy for Mayra Broox to drop off her 2-year-old daughter for
day care in the wee hours before dawn.

Sleepy-eyed, Raven clings to her mother's arms in the early morning chill. But
Broox, 29, has no choice. She has to get to work early at a law firm, and her
husband has to get to his job as a mechanic.

``So, yeah, we depend on day care,'' she said recently as she picked up her
daughter an hour behind schedule.

Broox and other northeast San Fernando Valley families with tough work schedules
are grateful Nancy Durazo opened the Jungle Bug Child Care & Kid's Gym in
Pacoima - one of the region's few 24-hour day-care facilities.

Several months ago Durazo, a parent and aspiring preschool teacher who lives in
Pacoima, decided the time was ripe to start her own day-care business to meet
the needs of parents who had nowhere else to turn.

Not that starting a business was easy.

Durazo and her husband bought a home on a busy stretch of Laurel Canyon
Boulevard, applied several coats of fresh paint and sought the appropriate
licensing for a day-care facility.

But then money started to run out. ``It's expensive, starting a business,'' she
said, nervously tucking her hair behind her ear.

Durazo sought help from the Valley Economic Development Center and was able to
get two loans: a Small Business Administration microloan for $5,000 and a
Pacoima microloan for $15,000.

``Yes, it helped. Things would be a lot different without that money,'' said
Durazo, who opened the Jungle Bug 1 1/2 months ago and operates it five days a
week. ``I hope to have the loans paid off very soon.''

That might be easier than she thinks. Licensed child care contributes $4.7
billion to $5.4 billion a year to California's economy, putting the industry on
par with the state's agricultural sectors, according to the Child Care Resource
Center, a nonprofit Northridge-based resource and referral program.

Communities also benefit, with about $30,000 worth of annual spending in a
community for every five licensed child-care spaces.

``The problem is there aren't enough child-care spaces to go around,'' said
Juliet Mothershed, community-relations coordinator for the referral center.
``The fact is more people need child care than have child care.''

But, for those fortunate enough to have affordable child care, parents' own work
productivity also benefits.

Jorge Contreras, 31, doesn't like saying goodbye every morning to his 2-year-old
daughter in day care so he can make ends meet as a security guard.

Sometimes she cries.

``But I have to work. And my wife does, too,'' said Contreras, 31, with his
daughter, Melannie, clinging to his neck and poking at his security badge.

Contreras agrees that he is more productive at work knowing that Melannie is
well taken care of. ``It's good to know she is here and safe.''

Despite the positive effects of day care, state and federal budget proposals may
soon impose financial complications. A new law being mulled by state legislators
could put the squeeze on subsidies for day care. Mothershed said the proposal,
known as the 75/25 rule, would require 25 percent of parents in need of day care
to pay privately and without subsidized help.

``This proposal certainly doesn't make it easy to be reimbursed through
alternative payment programs,'' she said.

The federal government may also hurt would-be day-care business owners. Next
year, a moratorium on federal dollars earmarked for SBA microloans could
threaten those with hopes of opening day-care facilities such as the Jungle Bug,
said Roberto Barragan, president of the Van Nuys-based Valley Economic
Development Center.

``And day-care businesses point to the need of the SBA microloan program to help
ensure entrepreneurship,'' he said. ``Right now the president has it zeroed out,
and we are hoping Congress takes a different view.''

So does Marianne Haver Hill, executive director of MEND, or Meet Each Need With
Dignity, a nonprofit organization that attempts to promote self-reliance in
lower-income communities. She said because of welfare reform in the late 1990s,
``the biggest difficulty in getting jobs was having affordable child care.''

Pacoima-based MEND is in the midst of expanding its facility, with plans to open
a child-care facility in the next two years to three years.

Last week, about half a dozen kids were at the Jungle Bug. For $25 a day, they
were being fed, read to and played with until their parents picked them up.

``And I plan to be open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, when I have more
kids,'' Durazo said.

Evan Pondel, (818) 713-3662

evan.pondel@dailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 photos
 Photo: (1 -- color) Nancy Durazo and some of the tots at her Jungle Bug
day-care center in Pacoima make their own music, accompanied by smiles. Durazo
opened her business with help from small loans. (2) Angelica Contreras carries
her daughter, Melannie, to the door for day care in Pacoima. Melannie's parents
say good child care makes them more productive on their own jobs. David
Sprague/Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Digital First Media


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              June 30, 2013 Sunday
                              Correction Appended

SALON PARTNERS LEAN ON EACH OTHER

BYLINE: CHRISTY MCLAUGHLIN, Times Correspondent

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 668 words

DATELINE: LUTZ



HIGHLIGHT: The owners of Element 54 in Lutz have combined their skills to
develop an innovative approach.


Trisha Jordan was six months pregnant and on her knees installing laminate
flooring in her new salon. She and her three partners had only a few days left
before opening the doors to Element 54.

The May 20 opening date loomed as Jordan, 31, and her friend, stylist Shanda
Baker, 32, along with Shanda's parents Sam and Rose Baker hurried to make the
finishing touches. Following a year of developing a comprehensive business plan
and nearly exhausting their resources, the determined team was buoyed in April
by a financial award from the Pasco County Economic Development Council.

Their process of creating an innovative approach to salon services began by
combining Shanda's experience in design, Sam's background in industrial sales
and Rose's technology expertise. The family then recruited Jordan, a Paul
Mitchell Inc. consultant, for her 10 years of experience providing retail and
educational support to a dozen salons throughout Florida.

"We took a slow, deliberate approach toward a business plan," Jordan said. "With
six to 10 salons closing per day in Florida, along with stylists frequently
relocating, we knew we had to concentrate on an amazing experience for stylists
as well as for our guests."

Element 54 Salon is divided into six private sections surrounding the core for
haircuts: a lather lounge with an emphasis on long, relaxing shampoos and
treatments; a rapid intake blow dry station; a full-service nail station; a
waxing room; a color processing lounge; and a room dedicated to men, offering
traditional hot shaves, "manscaping" and sports television.

"We recognized a growing market for masculine grooming and quick blow dry
services for ladies on the run," Jordan said. "We even offer free wine and
beers."

Market research suggested they abandon massage and facial therapies to growing
competition from medical professionals who can accept health insurance. So
Element 54 puts the emphasis on pampering hair and nail care. It boasts 10 hair
styling stations with five stylists working on a commission basis. Jordan chose
high-end product lines for quality and because their industry reps offer ongoing
business and styling support to her staff.

"We promote a team approach by keeping everybody busy with flexible hours,"
Jordan said. "We feel like we're ahead of the curve by being open 60 hours
Monday through Saturday."

"Everybody pitches in with laundry, cleaning and distributing brochures to
neighboring businesses and homes," she added.

The Pasco County Economic Development Council, which has offered free expert
guidance to small businesses for 27 years, helps new ventures that may not
qualify for traditional bank loans.

Element 54 Salon's application for the microloan program was approved in April,
one of nine similar awards this year.

"There is no shortage of beauty salons in our area," said Economic Development
manager Krista Hakes. "But they had all of their ideas in place. Our committee
took into consideration the blow dry bar and separate barbering services. Most
of all, they demonstrated the experience and know-how needed for successful
entrepreneurs."

The financial details of the microloan are confidential but meaningful. The
Element 54 partners invested the funds in equipment, marketing and a financial
cushion.

The business is a true collaboration among four Midwestern transplants: Rose
Baker handles bookkeeping and technology services, Sam Baker supervises all the
building construction and maintenance, Shanda brings an artistic eye to decor
and developing trends in hair design, and Jordan manages customer relations and
retail sales.

Element 54 is now up and running six days a week. They will host a grand opening
Aug. 3 with music, a sidewalk sale, raffles and free keratin treatments.

* * *

If you go

Element 54 Salon

21776 State Road 54, Lutz

(813) 528-8799

element54salon.com

For an application for free consulting services and microloan awards from the
Pasco County Economic Development Council, go to pascoedc.com and search small
startups under the programs tab.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 3, 2013



CORRECTION: Element 54 Salon in Lutz will have its grand opening from 1 to 4
p.m. Aug. 4. A story Sunday gave an incorrect date.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - BRENDAN FITTERER - Times: Andrea Toney styles client Brenda
Giba's hair Tuesday afternoon in Lutz at Element 54 Salon. The salon features a
variety of services for women and men that include a lather lounge for relaxing
shampoos, a full-service nail station and traditional hot shaves for men. PHOTO
- BRENDAN FITTERER - Times: Trisha Jordan, left, Shanda Baker and her parents,
Rose and Sam Baker, received a microloan from the Pasco County Economic
Development Council.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            American Banker Magazine

                                 December 2013

Financing a Path to U.S. Citizenship;
Microloan program's early success signals a need

BYLINE: Laura Thompson Osuri

SECTION: BRIEFINGS: COMMUNITY BANKING; U.S. BANKER; Pg. 10 Vol. 123 No. 12

LENGTH: 602  words


Though many of the 2.5 million legal permanent residents of California have bank
accounts and credit cards, the biggest barrier to their gaining citizenship is
simply the cost, according to a recent study by the Hispanic advocacy group
National Council of La Raza.

A little over two years ago the staff of the tiny Pan American Bank in East Los
Angeles recognized this difficulty and developed a microloan program to address
it. In the past 18 months, the bank has helped more than 300 legal permanent
residents attain citizenship by extending them a $1,000 loan.

"This type of product can have a real meaningful impact on the community. It
gives a political voice to the community and gets them more engaged in civic
life," says Jesse Torres, CEO of the $38 million-asset Pan American.

The loan has a 12 percent interest rate and terms of 12, 18 or 24 months,
putting the APR on the loan in a range of 17 percent to 21 percent.

About two-thirds of each $1,000 loan is earmarked for U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services, and the balance can be used toward related costs such as
citizenship application assistance or English classes. All participants are
encouraged to also take financial education courses.

So far, not one loan has defaulted, according to Torres, who says Latino
immigrants see debt as a moral obligation.

The loan is not a huge moneymaker for the bank, but Torres says he sees the
product as a useful way of bringing in new customers, many of whom are
small-business owners.

"It's an entry point for immigrant entrepreneurs. We help them get their foot in
the door and then they leverage it down the line into an SBA loan."

Marisabel Torres, a policy analyst with NCLR, says that a handful of community
development financial institutions, including credit unions and a few other
banks, offer similar products. (Pan American is also a CDFI.) Additionally,
Citigroup works with nonprofits to provide microloans for citizenship needs.

But Marisabel Torres (no relation to Pan American's Torres) says that more banks
must get involved in this type of lending if the need for such loans is to be
sufficiently addressed.

There are 13.3 million legal permanent residents in the United States, according
to the Department of Homeland Security Office of Immigration Statistics.
Although the stereotypical profile of an immigrant is one that is off the
banking grid, the majority of legal permanent residents have a bank account and
more than a third use credit cards, according to NCLR.

Still, according to the group's 2012 survey of California immigrants, 51 percent
of noncitizens-a majority of whom earn under $30,000 a year-say they cannot
afford the $680 citizenship application fee and related expenses.

"It's a real missed opportunity for banks to get involved in this area,"
Marisabel Torres says. "It's an opportunity to use the citizenship process to
get someone into the financial mainstream."

In fact, dozens of immigrants across the country have contacted Pan American
about applying for the loan, and Jesse Torres says the bank has to turn them
down because they don't reside within its footprint. But he hopes to one day
take Pan American's program national by working with nonprofits in large
immigrant communities.

Torres also is encouraging other community banks to consider setting up
citizenship loan programs, advising that-like Pan American-they should work with
nonprofits, which can evaluate, advertise and market the product for the bank.

"Let nonprofits do the heavy lifting," he says. "And invest in people that
clearly understand the community and can take a really good look at the loans."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/usb.html/

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: ABM


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

Fremont teen launches microloan nonprofit

BYLINE: By Rob Dennis Oakland Tribune

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 798 words


FREMONT -- Two months ago, 17-year-old Erika Simmons took out a $100 loan for
her waist-bead business.

She didn't go to a bank or a credit union, or throw her startup costs on a
credit card. Instead, she went to Happy Day Microfunds, a new nonprofit
organization that selects entrepreneurs from low-income schools and provides
them with startup loans of $100 to $1,000, along with support for marketing and
website design.

"It really helped me, because I needed more materials," Simmons said. "It also
helped me get my business out there with the Web page."

Happy Day was founded by Will Kim, a 17-year-old senior at Mission San Jose High
School in Fremont, whose overall goal is to break the cycle of poverty.

"There are a lot of microloan institutions that focus on Third World countries,
and they're starting to expand in developed countries as well," Kim said. "We
were excited about what we could do with our peers."

Happy Day's fundraising scheme is unconventional, using youth-run events such as
dodge ball tournaments and capture-the-flag games to raise about $10,000.

"It's like guerrilla fundraising," Kim said.

Happy Day is part of the microcredit movement, which aims to spur
entrepreneurship by extending small loans to those who lack collateral, steady
employment or credit history.

It has become increasingly popular. Nora Silver, professor and director of the
center for nonprofit and public leadership at UC Berkeley's Haas School of
Business, said the college's student-run microfinance course is overenrolled
every semester.

"People have become enamored of the model ... because it takes so little
financial investment and it has such a big impact," she said.

"It's also a mechanism by which young people get involved in philanthropy and
entrepreneurship, and that's a wonderful thing."

The concept has been around since the 18th century, but it was popularized
through the work of the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh, founded by Muhammad Yunus in
1976. Yunus and the bank received the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.

"I read about it and I thought this is a great idea," said Kim, who started
setting up the nonprofit a little more than a year ago. "He gave his first loan
of $27 to one woman. It was without interest, without collateral, kind of as a
friend almost."

Opportunity Fund, a San Jose-based not-for-profit group that combines microloans
for small businesses, individual development microsavings accounts, and
community real estate financing, has distributed more than $200 million to
California communities since 1995.

Anthony Chang, vice president of organizational development at Opportunity Fund,
said a lot more attention has been drawn to microlending in recent years.

"I think people are drawn to microfinance in places like Opportunity Fund
because the model is empowering," he said. "It's sort of a cliché, but people
talk about what we do as offering a hand up and not a handout."

Happy Day selects its budding business owners from entrepreneurship classes in
low-income schools. Usually, the courses are taught by Network for Teaching
Entrepreneurship educators, who are trained to merge their class curriculum with
entrepreneurial skills such as marketing and cost calculation.

The loans are completely trust-based, with no interest and no collateral.

"The way we see it, we're selecting entrepreneurs who want to make a great
business, and we trust that these entrepreneurs want their businesses to succeed
as much as we want to be repaid," Kim said. "That's enough for us to microlend
to them."

Simmons, a recent graduate of the Oakland Military Institute who will start at
Cal State East Bay later this month, has converted her $100 loan into a budding
business.

She already has completed several orders, and her website is set to launch soon.
She plans to repay the loan in monthly increments, and said the fact that it
required no collateral or interest was crucial.

"A lot of my money has to go toward college books and stuff," she said. "It's
very difficult for me right now."

The second entrepreneur to receive funding is Huong Cheng, a 21-year-old San
Jose State student majoring in animation and illustration, who got a $200
microloan for her business, Always Adamo. The company designs T-shirts for
couples and large groups, and the loan enabled Huong to order her shirts from
high-quality, socially conscious manufacturers.

Happy Day is working on a third project and Kim is keen to expand further.
Prospective entrepreneurs should be Bay Area high school students from
lower-income neighborhoods who can obtain a reference from a teacher or business
mentor.

"We want to keep it local and very personal," Kim said.

For more information, go to the Happy Day website at http://hdmf.org or contact
Kim at will.kim@happydaymicrofunds.org .

Contact Rob Dennis at 510-353-7010.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mission San Jose High School seniors William Kim, left, and Anurag
Reddy, both 17, are photographed on Monday, Sept. 12, 2011, in Fremont, Calif.
The two have started up the nonprofit organization Happy Day Microfunds which
provides loans from $100 to $1,000. (Aric Crabb/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

Fremont teen launches microloan nonprofit

BYLINE: By Rob Dennis Oakland Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 798 words


FREMONT -- Two months ago, 17-year-old Erika Simmons took out a $100 loan for
her waist-bead business.

She didn't go to a bank or a credit union, or throw her startup costs on a
credit card. Instead, she went to Happy Day Microfunds, a new nonprofit
organization that selects entrepreneurs from low-income schools and provides
them with startup loans of $100 to $1,000, along with support for marketing and
website design.

"It really helped me, because I needed more materials," Simmons said. "It also
helped me get my business out there with the Web page."

Happy Day was founded by Will Kim, a 17-year-old senior at Mission San Jose High
School in Fremont, whose overall goal is to break the cycle of poverty.

"There are a lot of microloan institutions that focus on Third World countries,
and they're starting to expand in developed countries as well," Kim said. "We
were excited about what we could do with our peers."

Happy Day's fundraising scheme is unconventional, using youth-run events such as
dodge ball tournaments and capture-the-flag games to raise about $10,000.

"It's like guerrilla fundraising," Kim said.

Happy Day is part of the microcredit movement, which aims to spur
entrepreneurship by extending small loans to those who lack collateral, steady
employment or credit history.

It has become increasingly popular. Nora Silver, professor and director of the
center for nonprofit and public leadership at UC Berkeley's Haas School of
Business, said the college's student-run microfinance course is overenrolled
every semester.

"People have become enamored of the model ... because it takes so little
financial investment and it has such a big impact," she said.

"It's also a mechanism by which young people get involved in philanthropy and
entrepreneurship, and that's a wonderful thing."

The concept has been around since the 18th century, but it was popularized
through the work of the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh, founded by Muhammad Yunus in
1976. Yunus and the bank received the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006.

"I read about it and I thought this is a great idea," said Kim, who started
setting up the nonprofit a little more than a year ago. "He gave his first loan
of $27 to one woman. It was without interest, without collateral, kind of as a
friend almost."

Opportunity Fund, a San Jose-based not-for-profit group that combines microloans
for small businesses, individual development microsavings accounts, and
community real estate financing, has distributed more than $200 million to
California communities since 1995.

Anthony Chang, vice president of organizational development at Opportunity Fund,
said a lot more attention has been drawn to microlending in recent years.

"I think people are drawn to microfinance in places like Opportunity Fund
because the model is empowering," he said. "It's sort of a cliché, but people
talk about what we do as offering a hand up and not a handout."

Happy Day selects its budding business owners from entrepreneurship classes in
low-income schools. Usually, the courses are taught by Network for Teaching
Entrepreneurship educators, who are trained to merge their class curriculum with
entrepreneurial skills such as marketing and cost calculation.

The loans are completely trust-based, with no interest and no collateral.

"The way we see it, we're selecting entrepreneurs who want to make a great
business, and we trust that these entrepreneurs want their businesses to succeed
as much as we want to be repaid," Kim said. "That's enough for us to microlend
to them."

Simmons, a recent graduate of the Oakland Military Institute who will start at
Cal State East Bay later this month, has converted her $100 loan into a budding
business.

She already has completed several orders, and her website is set to launch soon.
She plans to repay the loan in monthly increments, and said the fact that it
required no collateral or interest was crucial.

"A lot of my money has to go toward college books and stuff," she said. "It's
very difficult for me right now."

The second entrepreneur to receive funding is Huong Cheng, a 21-year-old San
Jose State student majoring in animation and illustration, who got a $200
microloan for her business, Always Adamo. The company designs T-shirts for
couples and large groups, and the loan enabled Huong to order her shirts from
high-quality, socially conscious manufacturers.

Happy Day is working on a third project and Kim is keen to expand further.
Prospective entrepreneurs should be Bay Area high school students from
lower-income neighborhoods who can obtain a reference from a teacher or business
mentor.

"We want to keep it local and very personal," Kim said.

For more information, go to the Happy Day website at http://hdmf.org or contact
Kim at will.kim@happydaymicrofunds.org .

Contact Rob Dennis at 510-353-7010.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 27, 2017

                             American Microloan LLC

                                2115 Linwood Ave
                              Fort Lee,  NJ 07024

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (201) 592-9925
URL: www.americanmicroloan.com

FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/pages/American-Microloan/322208891123587

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 1798271

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  25

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Woochae Chung, Mng  Executive           Managing Director   LINKEDIN:
Dir                                                         www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/woochae-chung/6/1
                                                            70/23b

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
American Microloan, LLC. was founded in 2001, and is headquartered in Fort Lee,
NJ. It is a commercial finance company. The company also offers small business
loans for businesses.

INDUSTRY TYPE: All Other Nondepository Credit Intermediation

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
522298 - All Other Nondepository Credit Intermediation
SIC CODES:
6159 - Miscellaneous Business Credit Institutions

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES:  USD 1,000,000
REVENUE TYPE:  Revenue

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Small loans for small businesses

BYLINE: npaddon@thespec.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 968 words


When Josie Rudderham and Nicole Millerwere preparing to launch Cake and Loaf in
2011, they knew traditional financing wasn't an option.

Rudderham was on maternity leave and Miller had been working at another bakery
for about a decade making a modest wage. Neither was in a position where they
would qualify for the funding needed to get their neighbourhood bakery business
rolling.

"Banks wouldn't come near us. There was no way," says Rudderham, now 34. "Any
financial institution we went to said, 'OK, where are your co-signers?'"

But the two wanted to maintain their independence and not involve anyone else in
the company.

A private family loan allowed the partners to do that by providing enough
funding to finance the bulk of their business.

A $15,000 microloan through the Canadian Youth Business Foundation - now called
Futurpreneur Canada - was the icing on the cake. The nonprofit provides support
to aspiring business owners between the ages of 18 and 39.

"We jumped at it," Rudderham recalls. "Finally we were in a lucky position where
it just made things easier."

The whole process - from applying for the loan to receiving feedback directly
from small business people - was a supportive one, she adds. Not only did the
program offer funding, it also hooked the two women up with a mentor for two
years: a chartered accountant they could call for advice.

"It feels a lot more co-operative, like they are truly trying to start a
business with you."

Being a young entrepreneur whose wage is enough to get by on but not what banks
want to see before they'll lend money is among the barriers to launching small
and medium-sized businesses. So are living in poverty and not having assets that
can be used as collateral, and not having Canadian credit history because the
would-be entrepreneur is new to the country.

"Maybe in Syria you had an empire. Maybe you had a factory. Maybe you employed
3,000 ... but you came here, there's no record of you," says Dr. Benson Honig,
the Teresa Cascioli Chair of Entrepreneurial Studies at McMaster University's
DeGroote School of Business.

"For the bank, it doesn't matter what is in your head, you are extremely
high-risk."

Microloans - sums as little as $500, on up to $15,000 or more - can serve as an
alternative for financing a startup if you face such barriers.

But they appear to be slow to catch on. According to 2011 numbers from
Statistics Canada, only two per cent of small and medium-sized businesses used
microcredit.

Ontario-wide microlending programs range from the Ontario Catapult Microloan
Fund for Social Enterprises that provides loans of $5,000 to $25,000, to Rise
Asset Development, which offers funding from $300 to $10,000 to people facing
mental health or addiction challenges.

For Ontario residents between ages 15 and 29, the Strategic Community
Entrepreneurship Projects program offers entrepreneurship training and $3,000
grants to help get businesses started.

Locally, programs include the one offered through the Hamilton YWCA and another
through FirstOntario Credit Union, and grants are available through provincial
programs such as Starter Company, which is administered through the city's Small
Business Enterprise Centre.

FirstOntario's program launched as a pilot in 2010 and brought together a group
of not-for-profit organizations that helped bring it to life.

Initially it was open to new immigrant women but has since broadened to include
"individuals who wanted to start a small business as a means of which to change
their life," said Mary De Sousa, executive vice-president of member and
community engagement for FirstOntario.

"Essentially these individuals will have poor credit or no credit."

Participants receive training in sales, marketing and product development before
being assessed for up to $2,500 in funding.

Not everyone is ready for a loan after completing the program, De Sousa notes.

"We want them to be set up for success. It was really important that if the
organization was recommending an individual for a loan ... they felt that the
business plan and the concept and the individual were ready to take on some
financing to get that idea started."

Many people will go through the training without taking the funding, De Sousa
says. They might receive financial support from family or friends or have their
own means to start their business.

It's the same with the YWCA's program, where program participants - all women -
have the opportunity to gain access to between $500 and $5,000.

"The purpose of our program is not just to access the loan portion, but it's
also to give them the tools to help them move forward," said Deborah Schwientek,
manager of employment and training services at YWCA Hamilton.

At the Y, program participants are given help in developing marketing and
implementation plans for their business and offered support as they carry them
out.

"Small businesses are the backbone of Hamilton's economy," Schwientek says.
"We've lost a lot of big manufacturing industries here so the small and
medium-sized entrepreneur ... needs to kind of pick up that slack."

Monthly events with guest speakers offer participants the chance to network
among themselves and with other small business owners and professionals in the
community, Schwientek adds.

YWCA Hamilton started offering the program in 2013 and has seen 176 women
complete it. They've had everything from newcomers who want to start a
home-based business, to new moms who want to find a way to work and stay home
with their kids, to people on Ontario Works or the Ontario Disability Support
Program who want to generate a little extra income, Schwientek says.

Businesses launched have included jewelry vendors, African artifact importers,
dog walkers, web developers, bookkeepers and personal trainers.

"It really crosses all cultural spectrums," she adds.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Small loans for small businesses

BYLINE: npaddon@thespec.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 968 words


When Josie Rudderham and Nicole Millerwere preparing to launch Cake and Loaf in
2011, they knew traditional financing wasn't an option.

Rudderham was on maternity leave and Miller had been working at another bakery
for about a decade making a modest wage. Neither was in a position where they
would qualify for the funding needed to get their neighbourhood bakery business
rolling.

"Banks wouldn't come near us. There was no way," says Rudderham, now 34. "Any
financial institution we went to said, 'OK, where are your co-signers?'"

But the two wanted to maintain their independence and not involve anyone else in
the company.

A private family loan allowed the partners to do that by providing enough
funding to finance the bulk of their business.

A $15,000 microloan through the Canadian Youth Business Foundation - now called
Futurpreneur Canada - was the icing on the cake. The nonprofit provides support
to aspiring business owners between the ages of 18 and 39.

"We jumped at it," Rudderham recalls. "Finally we were in a lucky position where
it just made things easier."

The whole process - from applying for the loan to receiving feedback directly
from small business people - was a supportive one, she adds. Not only did the
program offer funding, it also hooked the two women up with a mentor for two
years: a chartered accountant they could call for advice.

"It feels a lot more co-operative, like they are truly trying to start a
business with you."

Being a young entrepreneur whose wage is enough to get by on but not what banks
want to see before they'll lend money is among the barriers to launching small
and medium-sized businesses. So are living in poverty and not having assets that
can be used as collateral, and not having Canadian credit history because the
would-be entrepreneur is new to the country.

"Maybe in Syria you had an empire. Maybe you had a factory. Maybe you employed
3,000 ... but you came here, there's no record of you," says Dr. Benson Honig,
the Teresa Cascioli Chair of Entrepreneurial Studies at McMaster University's
DeGroote School of Business.

"For the bank, it doesn't matter what is in your head, you are extremely
high-risk."

Microloans - sums as little as $500, on up to $15,000 or more - can serve as an
alternative for financing a startup if you face such barriers.

But they appear to be slow to catch on. According to 2011 numbers from
Statistics Canada, only two per cent of small and medium-sized businesses used
microcredit.

Ontario-wide microlending programs range from the Ontario Catapult Microloan
Fund for Social Enterprises that provides loans of $5,000 to $25,000, to Rise
Asset Development, which offers funding from $300 to $10,000 to people facing
mental health or addiction challenges.

For Ontario residents between ages 15 and 29, the Strategic Community
Entrepreneurship Projects program offers entrepreneurship training and $3,000
grants to help get businesses started.

Locally, programs include the one offered through the Hamilton YWCA and another
through FirstOntario Credit Union, and grants are available through provincial
programs such as Starter Company, which is administered through the city's Small
Business Enterprise Centre.

FirstOntario's program launched as a pilot in 2010 and brought together a group
of not-for-profit organizations that helped bring it to life.

Initially it was open to new immigrant women but has since broadened to include
"individuals who wanted to start a small business as a means of which to change
their life," said Mary De Sousa, executive vice-president of member and
community engagement for FirstOntario.

"Essentially these individuals will have poor credit or no credit."

Participants receive training in sales, marketing and product development before
being assessed for up to $2,500 in funding.

Not everyone is ready for a loan after completing the program, De Sousa notes.

"We want them to be set up for success. It was really important that if the
organization was recommending an individual for a loan ... they felt that the
business plan and the concept and the individual were ready to take on some
financing to get that idea started."

Many people will go through the training without taking the funding, De Sousa
says. They might receive financial support from family or friends or have their
own means to start their business.

It's the same with the YWCA's program, where program participants - all women -
have the opportunity to gain access to between $500 and $5,000.

"The purpose of our program is not just to access the loan portion, but it's
also to give them the tools to help them move forward," said Deborah Schwientek,
manager of employment and training services at YWCA Hamilton.

At the Y, program participants are given help in developing marketing and
implementation plans for their business and offered support as they carry them
out.

"Small businesses are the backbone of Hamilton's economy," Schwientek says.
"We've lost a lot of big manufacturing industries here so the small and
medium-sized entrepreneur ... needs to kind of pick up that slack."

Monthly events with guest speakers offer participants the chance to network
among themselves and with other small business owners and professionals in the
community, Schwientek adds.

YWCA Hamilton started offering the program in 2013 and has seen 176 women
complete it. They've had everything from newcomers who want to start a
home-based business, to new moms who want to find a way to work and stay home
with their kids, to people on Ontario Works or the Ontario Disability Support
Program who want to generate a little extra income, Schwientek says.

Businesses launched have included jewelry vendors, African artifact importers,
dog walkers, web developers, bookkeepers and personal trainers.

"It really crosses all cultural spectrums," she adds.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 23, 2007 Monday
                                  All Editions

Group unveils microenterprise loan program

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: HOULTON


After weeks of planning and hours spent on last-minute details, officials with
the Southern Aroostook Development Corp. unveiled their newly established
Southern Aroostook Micro-Enterprise Loan program to the public last week.

The ceremony took place at the Town Council chambers.

The microenterprise loan program is a unique new venture for SADC, a grass-roots
organization that has worked for the past eight years to boost the economic base
of the region.

Last December, the organization snagged a $10,000 grant from Machias Savings
Bank's Community Development Fund to establish a revolving loan program that
would benefit home-based businesses.

The organization successfully leveraged the funds it received from the bank with
a $10,000 allocation from Coastal Enterprises Inc. of Wiscasset to assist an
even larger group of businesspeople.

Coastal Enterprises Inc. is a private, nonprofit organization that provides
financial and technical assistance to people, businesses and communities in
Maine.

McLaughlin decided to apply for the grant after attending one of several
symposiums hosted by the town last summer to reach out to entrepreneurs in
Houlton who work out of their homes.

The forums attracted a blend of artists, consultants and budding entrepreneurs
who met to share stories, compare business plans and discuss obstacles they have
encountered, such as a lack of access to telecommunications equipment and
affordable health insurance.

McLaughlin said that several people at the gathering said they could benefit
from having access to microloans to finance home-based business needs.

The microloan program targets such enterprises, which play a vital role in the
local economy.

Unlike other entrepreneurs who set up shop in a downtown store or another
location in a business district, home-based business owners sometimes do not
meet the necessary criteria to secure grants or loans to enhance their
businesses.

The program is designed to provide capital to businesses that are unable to
obtain credit through conventional sources, McLaughlin said in a written
statement.

Businesses must operate for profit to qualify, and currently operating
businesses must have five or fewer employees. A startup company also is eligible
to apply for the program, according to McLaughlin.

The executive director added that qualified applicants could garner a loan of
between $2,000 and $5,000, with a maximum term of six years.

The microloan program is a revolving fund, and as outstanding loans are paid
off, funds will be available to lend to another business venture under the same
guidelines.

Those who qualify can use the money to purchase items such as machinery and
office equipment, furniture and supplies, he said.

For more information and/or an application, call SADC at 521-0157 or Don Keiser,
Houlton town planner, at 532-7111.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   May 9, 2000 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

SMALL LOANS GET BOOST ENTREPRENEURS: PROGRAM TARGETS MINORITY, FEMALE-OWNED
BUSINESSES.

BYLINE: K. OANH HA, Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 732 words


Minh Nguyen, who's run Vietnam Press for the last 13 years, used to believe he
had to think small when it came to his business. Two years after he opened up
shop, he went to his bank for a $20,000 loan to buy a new printing press. He was
turned down because he had no track record of repaying commercial loans.

"I couldn't expand it very big without a loan," said Nguyen, a Vietnamese
immigrant. "I had to . . . grow the company very slowly."

It's entrepreneurs like Nguyen that a newly rolled-out microloan program
targeting minority- and female-owned businesses hopes to bootstrap.

Touted as a first-of-its-kind program, the San-Jose based Lenders for Community
Development (LCD), the U.S. Small Business Administration and Wells Fargo & Co.
are teaming up to provide loans of mostly $15,000 and under to small businesses
in Santa Clara and San Mateo counties.

In an area where the average loan to small business from the SBA hovers at
$300,000, the sponsors hope the program, called Community Express, will reach
out to what the SBA calls the "new markets": fairly young companies run by
minorities and women or in low-income areas that need a small, but critical,
infusion of capital.

"The idea is to reach the really small businesses that fall through thecracks
and don't reach the banks," said Eric Weaver, LCD's executive director. LCD,
which started its own microlending program in 1995, is funded by a consortium of
banks in Santa Clara and San Mateo counties.

Not only will the seed money get fledgling entrepreneurs jump-started, it'll
also solve a crucial problem of many minority and female-owned businesses.

"No one wants to be the first to lend these businesses money," said Mark Quinn,
the SBA's San Franciso district director who also oversees Community Express.
"This gets them into the door of community lending from which they can build on.
Once lenders have confidence in them and they can show they can handle
commercial credit, banks will want to do businesss with them."

The program's sponsors hope it'll make as many as a loan a week in the first
year. Already, Wells Fargo has issued LCD an $85,000 grant to conduct its
outreach and staff the program. LCD hopes to make its first Community Express
loan by the end of the month.

Microloans, small loans generally under $25,000 designed to give mom-and-pop
shops crucial capital, traditionally are the province of community lending
organications like LCD and government programs like the SBA. Banks are rarely
involved in microloans because they're just not profitable. The risk of loans
defaults are higher and the loan amounts aren't large enough for banks to make a
killing.

Recognizing those risks, the SBA's guarantees up to 80 percent of Community
Express loans in case of a default. And the program makes the loans profitable
for Wells Fargo because it eliminates much of the work for the bank. LCD will be
responsible for the outreach, qualification and approval of applicants.

"We need to have partners in the community to target people who we haven't been
able to reach out to in the past," said Gregg Mitchell, a Wells Fargo vice
president who administers the bank's SBA loans in the region. Wells Fargo has a
history of financing SBA loans.

The program will also boost Wells Fargo's bottom line: "It's a long-term
thinking that customers in this program could ultimately become regular
customers of Wells Fargo," Mitchell said.

And the bank has other services that it could sell to loan customers, such as
payroll or merchant service programs, Mitchell added.

The Community Express program will eventually be run out of the SBA's
Entrepreneur Center in downtown San Jose, which is slated to open in late
summer.

It's success stories like Vietnam Press that the sponsors of Community Express
hope to see. Three years ago, LCD took a chance on shop owner Minh Nguyen and
loaned him $40,000 to buy a 4-color printing press. The shop grew from serving
largely other small businesses with business cards and flyers to fulfilling
full-scale printing needs of large corporations.

Nguyen said the first loan worked so well for his shop that he's ready for
another one. He's seeking a $55,000 loan to buy a new all-digital printing
press. "That would mean I can serve my biggest customers 100 percent and grow my
business the way I always dreamt."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE PROGRAM
Here are details of the Community Express program.
* What: a microloan program run by Lenders for Community Development, U.S. Small
Business Administration and Wells Fargo & Co. for loans mostly under $15,000.
* Who qualifies: minority- and female-owned businesses in Santa Clara and San
Mateo counties.
* Why: Most banks won't take a chance on lending to a small business without
evidence of past commercial credit.
* How: Call Lenders for Community Development at (408) 297-9937. LCD offices are
at 111 W. Saint John St., Suite 710, San Jose.
Source: Mercury News reporting

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 5, 1992, Friday, Final Edition

Business Grants, 'Microloans' For Anti-Poverty Program Set;
SBA Sends $ 15 Million to Groups in 30 States

Kenneth J. Cooper, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A29; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 640 words


The Small Business Administration intends to create even smaller businesses with
a new program of "microloans" targeted to poor, minority and female
entrepreneurs.

The pilot project, authorized in a 1991 appropriations bill, will test the
capacity of poor people to lift themselves out of poverty by running the
smallest of small businesses. Federal support for such "microenterprises" is
included in an emergency aid package for riot-torn Los Angeles.

The SBA on Tuesday announced $ 15 million in loans and grants to 35 nonprofits
groups in 30 states. Those groups will in turn make 10-year loans as large as $
25,000 to new or fledgling entrepreneurs unable to get business credit in
amounts that most commercial lenders consider too small.

The microloans are targeted to the poor, women and racial minorities, but others
are eligible under legislation sponsored by Sen. Dale Bumpers (D-Ark.), chairman
of the Senate Small Business Committee.

"It gives people empowerment," said Patricia Saiki, the SBA administrator. "If
you're in a low-income group and you want to get out of that cycle . . .  this
is an unusual opportunity."

Saiki said older SBA programs generally offer loans of between $ 50,000 and $
750,000. "This really fills a gap we've had in the past," she said.

Drawing upon Third World or European models, more than 100 private groups around
the nation have in the last decade loaned money to microenterprises in urban and
rural areas where jobs are scarce and poverty prevails. Most of that lending has
occurred without government help although the Department of Health and Human
Services has funded a pilot project for welfare recipients.

Rep. Tony Hall (D-Ohio) and Rep. Mike Espy (D-Miss.) have sponsored legislation
to change welfare rules on asset and income limits to encourage recipients to go
into business. After the Los Angeles riots, the Department of Housing and Urban
Development expressed interest in putting welfare changes into President Bush's
urban aid package, Hall said, but he has not heard from HUD officials lately.

An aide to Bumpers said he proposed the SBA program after hearing a radio news
report about a Pine Bluff, Ark., woman who used a $ 1,600 loan to buy a stove
and steam table, enabling her to expand her restaurant into a catering company.

Joyce Klein, project director for the Corporation for Enterprise Development, a
Washington research center, praised the SBA for leaving the lending to
experienced nonprofit organizations. "You need the people who are doing the
lending to be close to the client, not in Washington," Klein said.

Few private programs have loan limits as high as SBA's, perhaps once again
demonstrating government's difficulty doing anything in a small way.

Klein said most microenterprise programs in the United States average loans of $
2,000 to $ 3,000, with the typical maximum ranging from $ 5,000 to $ 8,000. The
SBA seeks an average of $ 10,000, with a maximum of $ 25,000.

Some microenterprise lenders have cited legislated interest rates as a potential
problem with the SBA program.

The agency lends up to $ 750,000 to the nonprofit groups at the interest rate on
five-year Treasury bills, currently 6.6 percent. Those groups then lend the
money to entrepreneurs at a maximum rate of four points over banks' prime rate,
or currently 10.5 percent. Klein said some nonprofit groups think the four-point
spread is too small to operate comfortably.

John Ball, staff director of the Senate Small Business Committee, said Bumpers
plans to propose widening the spread in pending legislation to reauthorize
another SBA program.

Conferees crafting a House-Senate compromise on emergency aid for Los Angeles
and Chicago, Ball said, agreed yesterday to $ 29 million for microenterprise
loans and another $ 5 million for technical assistance.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Seattle Times (Washington)

                          October 19, 2005, Wednesday

Microloan recipient tells how it changed her life

BYLINE: By Kristi Heim

LENGTH: 587 words



For Sandra de los Santos Garcia, a $ 30 loan was a life-changing experience.

Ten years ago, she was homeless, struggling to raise two children on her own and
eke out a living selling candy in a slum in Nicaragua.

She never expected to fly on an airplane, let alone give a speech to 1,200
well-heeled Americans in the Grand Ballroom of the Westin Hotel in Seattle.

Yet there she was yesterday, telling the story of how she built up her small
business through a series of microloans funded by the Seattle nonprofit Global
Partnerships.

"A lot of women are very poor and abandoned in my country, just like I was," she
said through an interpreter. "But they offered me a loan, and I took the risk."

Garcia, 41, received money and training through the Leon 2000 Foundation, a
Nicaraguan organization that works with Global Partnerships to administer the
loans.

With her first loan, Garcia bought products to stock a small market, which she
named Casandra after her favorite soap-opera character, a gypsy.

When she paid back the first loan, she qualified for the next. Garcia has since
taken out and paid back 18 loans, gradually doubling the size of her store and
saving enough money for materials to build a cement block house.

The family went from sharing one bed to having bedrooms of their own, and Garcia
is now working to put her three sons through school.

Global Partnerships was founded in 1994 by Bill and Paula Clapp and became a
public nonprofit organization in 2002. It had a budget of about $ 2 million last
year, raising more than $ 300,000 from donations by individuals and businesses
in its annual luncheon.

The group funds microcredit programs in Nicaragua, Honduras, El Salvador and
Guatemala.

The idea of microcredit is to tackle the problem of extreme poverty by helping
people build businesses to improve their lives and create more economic
opportunity in their communities.

The sums are not large -- Garcia's largest loan was for $ 770 -- and the
investments are not grand. One borrower used the money to rent a truck to sell
more charcoal used for cooking in her village; another to start selling eggs
door to door.

But the loans are helping transform families in areas with some of the worst
poverty, said Marcos Antonio Hernandez, executive director of Leon 2000
Foundation. The group has given loans to 8,500 people in Nicaragua, most of them
women like Garcia. Women are better at paying the loans back, Hernandez said.

"She's a living example of a Nicaraguan woman that works and fights even in the
face of all the adversity in her life," he said. "She developed herself and
bettered her life and now she's a successful businesswoman."

The journey from her neighborhood in Leon to downtown Seattle left Garcia a
little overwhelmed.

"I had never traveled before. I had never been on a plane before," she said.
"But here I am with all of these wonderful people."

Still there was a note of a sadness among the excitement.

"I only think about my people," she said. "I see so many things people have
here. In my country so many children don't have lunch."



-----

To see more of The Seattle Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.seattletimes.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Seattle Times

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.  HOT,

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SE-MICROLOAN-20051019

JOURNAL-CODE: SE

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2005 Seattle Times (Washington)


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                            January 22, 2013 Tuesday

Farm Service Agency offers microloans ?to farmers

BYLINE: Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 80 words


Microloans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Farm Service Agency are now
available to farmers and ranchers.

The microloans of $35,000 or less carry an interest rate of 1.25 percent and can
be up to seven years, according to an FSA press release issued Tuesday.

Last year, FSA provided $61.5 million in farm loan assistance to Pennsylvania
farmers, including 464 operating loans and 44 farm ownership loans.

For more information, call the Lancaster FSA office at 717-397-6235.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               December 15, 2008

MORE ON MICROLOANS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0011

LENGTH: 20 Words


For more information on microloans, see

http://detmicrofund.com or http://www.miceed.org and click on microloan
information.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                              May 27, 2013, Monday

Business program being held in Dunbar

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P8A

LENGTH: 214 words


The Kanawha Institute for Social Research and Action, Inc. is hosting a "
Microloan Blitz" at its Dunbar headquarters Wednesday to educate potential and
existing small business owners about the program.

Through funding from the U.S. Small Business Administration's Microloan Program,
KISRA offers loans to entrepreneurs who generally do not qualify for
conventional loans or larger loans guaranteed by the federal agency.

The loans, which range from $1,000 to $5,000, are provided to women, low-income
individuals, minority entrepreneurs, and other small businesses in need of
financial assistance.

To qualify, the business must have 25 or fewer employees and a current business
license and pay all applicable taxes and workers' compensation premiums.

Representatives from KISRA, the state Small Business Development Center, the
U.S. Small Business Administration and the state Economic Development Authority
will be on hand at the KISRA Empowerment Center 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday to
educate people and answer questions about the program.

Attendees are asked to bring a valid driver's license or state-issued photo ID,
two months worth of recent pay stubs and their 2012 personal and business tax
returns.

The center is at 131 Perkins Ave. in Dunbar. For more information, call
304-881-0662.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                              May 27, 2013, Monday

Business program being held in Dunbar

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P8A

LENGTH: 214 words


The Kanawha Institute for Social Research and Action, Inc. is hosting a "
Microloan Blitz" at its Dunbar headquarters Wednesday to educate potential and
existing small business owners about the program.

Through funding from the U.S. Small Business Administration's Microloan Program,
KISRA offers loans to entrepreneurs who generally do not qualify for
conventional loans or larger loans guaranteed by the federal agency.

The loans, which range from $1,000 to $5,000, are provided to women, low-income
individuals, minority entrepreneurs, and other small businesses in need of
financial assistance.

To qualify, the business must have 25 or fewer employees and a current business
license and pay all applicable taxes and workers' compensation premiums.

Representatives from KISRA, the state Small Business Development Center, the
U.S. Small Business Administration and the state Economic Development Authority
will be on hand at the KISRA Empowerment Center 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Wednesday to
educate people and answer questions about the program.

Attendees are asked to bring a valid driver's license or state-issued photo ID,
two months worth of recent pay stubs and their 2012 personal and business tax
returns.

The center is at 131 Perkins Ave. in Dunbar. For more information, call
304-881-0662.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The News Virginian (Waynesboro, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 17, 2008 Thursday

Staunton loan firm to assist small businesses

BYLINE: Bob Stuart, The News Virginian, Waynesboro, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 351 words


Apr. 17--STAUNTON -- Staunton now has a tool to help small entrepreneurs who
need both funding and assistance with their businesses.

The Staunton Creative Community Fund was established earlier this year with
funding from both the city's industrial development authority and the city to
help small businesses and nonprofit organizations.

The fund has parlayed a federal grant into an $80,000 microloan fund.

The microloan fund will be used to offer small business people startup money or
other financial help for their business.

The loans typically would be $5,000 to $10,000 and could be for inventory or
working capital, said Tony Smith, the executive director of the creative
community fund.

Smith said there is growing evidence "that Staunton is emerging as an
entrepreneurial economy. One of the strengths we want to support is the small
business sector."

He said creative community fund also wants to partner with local banks to get
additional funding for entrepreneurs.

Board members of the creative community fund said the organization's assistance
will go beyond financial help.

Ophie Kier, a residential and commercial loan officer and a member of the board,
said the fund also wants to help small business people with their business
plans.

Board member Hugh Westfall said the financial and other assistance will be a
win-win for Staunton.

"If we help these people succeed it will not just be good for them, but for the
whole community,'' said Westfall, a retired businessman.

Smith said the organization's longterm goal is to expand its services to provide
financing for medium-sized businesses.

And while no loans have been made yet, Smith said there are a few under
consideration.

To see more of The News Virginian or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsvirginian.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The News Virginian,
Waynesboro, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080417-NX-Staunton-loan-firm-to-assist-small-businesses-0417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NX


                       Copyright 2008 The News Virginian


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

SBA names Entrepreneur Fund 'Micro Lender of the Year'

BYLINE: James Warden

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 123  words


The Entrepreneur Fund has been named the U.S. Small Business Administration's
Micro Lender of the Year for the second year in a row, according to a news
release from the Duluth-based entrepreneur development organization.

The SBA's microloan program provides up to $50,000 to small businesses and
certain nonprofit childcare centers. The Entrepreneur Fund has made 637
microloans worth $6.5 million total since 1989 in the 11 counties that it serves
throughout northeast Minnesota and northwest Wisconsin.

The SBA recognized The Entrepreneur Fund at the SBA Lender's Conference earlier
this month.

http://www.finance-commerce.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            February 16, 2007 Friday

Briefs

SECTION: BRIEFS

LENGTH: 433 words

PAJARO

Women's group offering microloans

The Women's Business Education and Loan Project is offering microloans to women
in North County, along with bilingual business education.

The program, presented by EL Pajaro Community Development Corp. in association
with The Women's Fund of Monterey County, the Community Foundation for Monterey
County and Rabobank N.A, is available to women living in Pajaro, Las Lomas,
Aromas, Royal Oaks, Prunedale, Castroville and surrounding North County
communities.

Business education will cover planning and managing a business or
self-employment venture, computer training, financial education, assistance in
analyzing a business opportunity, one-on-one technical assistance, support for
starting and managing a business, assistance in preparing a loan application,
loans to start or improve a business, and mentoring by other female
entrepreneurs.

Orientation sessions are 6 to 8 p.m. Feb. 28 in English and 6 to 8 p.m. March 7
in Spanish at Nuevo Amanecer Apartments Community Room, 15 Salinas Road. Advance
registration is required.

To register, call 722-1224, or see www.elpajarocdc.org.

SALINAS

Expert to hold workshop of interest to nonprofits

Liza Culick, senior manager for LaPiana Associates, will lead an alliances and
partnerships workshop for nonprofit organizations 1 to 4 p.m. Wednesday at First
Presbyterian Church, 830 Padre St.

The workshop will address partnerships, alliances and collaborations to expand a
nonprofit's reach in the community, strengthen programs and provide new funding
opportunities.

Culick is an expert on organizational partnerships, collaboration and strategic
restructuring for nonprofits, with more than 20 years of experience.

Cost is $40, with pre-registration required.

For information, call 375-9712, or see cfmco.org.

SALINAS

Nonprofit Alliance to hold media training workshop

The Nonprofit Alliance of Monterey County will present a media training workshop
8:15 to 11 a.m. Feb. 28 at Hullaballoo, 228 Main St. The training consists of
two parts: "Tips for Getting Your Stories Covered," a panel discussion with
representatives from local media outlets, and "Developing and Delivering Your
Message," a workshop led by Alissa Shaw.

Panelists are Joe Livernois of The Herald; Scott Faust of the Salinas
Californian; Rick Gomez of Clear Channel Communications; and Fidel Soto of
Univision KSMS 67.

Onsite registration, networking and breakfast begin at 7:45 a.m. Cost is $15 for
Nonprofit Alliance of Monterey County members and $40 for nonmembers.

To join NAMC, see www.alliancemonterey.org/join.htm.

To pre-register, call 757-2968, ext. 819.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             August 19, 2012 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

World travel part of the job

BYLINE: Laylan Copelin lcopelin@statesman.com American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 1041 words


Steve Wanta, who just returned from Kenya and is on his way to Eastern Europe
next, says he has the best job in the world.

"I get to see the world and be based in Austin," said Wanta, who is with Whole
Planet Foundation, a nonprofit offshoot of Whole Foods Market.

Wanta, who splits his time between Austin and the road, supervises the
foundation's overseas staff members supporting microcredit programs in 52
countries where Whole Foods Market sources product.

A native of the Midwest, Wanta came to Austin during the dot-com bust for - what
else? - a job in high-tech. But a subsequent stint in the Peace Corps best
prepared him for his current job at the foundation.

Wanta spent a couple of years in Guatemala - "one of the most beautiful
countries in the world" - before he returned to Austin in 2006 to visit friends.

He found the foundation job in an online job posting: "I about fell off my
chair."

His first posting? Guatemala, of course.

But in his new gig, Wanta found himself working alongside the pioneers of the
industry, Grameen Bank, the Nobel Peace Prize-winning microcredit bank for the
poor.

He's never looked back.

His recent trip to Kenya was just one weeklong stop on a six-week tour that
included India, Bangladesh and several African countries. But Wanta was doing
double duty in Kenya, representing the Capital City African American Chamber of
Commerce while also doing his foundation work.

American-Statesman: Please describe the Whole Planet Foundation's mission.

Steve Wanta: Whole Planet Foundation's mission is to support programs that work
to alleviate poverty through entrepreneurship in developing communities where
Whole Foods Market sources products. Our approach is to work with microfinance
institutions around the world to fund microloans that empower the poor with a
chance to lift themselves out of poverty through their own hard work.

Who gets micro loans?

The type of microcredit that the foundation supports is focused on women who
usually live on less than $2 per day. These women and their children make up the
majority of people living in poverty. They continue to be the most economically
and socially marginalized. These microloans are designed to reverse the old
system. Capital now can become an agent for change rather a barrier for
development for the world's poor.

Our work is purely philanthropic, so our funding does not go to Whole Foods
Market suppliers but rather the very poor in the communities where these
suppliers live and work.

How large are the loans, and are they repaid?

The microloans are typically $250 or less, and are paid back through small,
frequent repayments. The system of microcredit is designed in such a way that
our partners have a 96% repayment rate on their loans.

What does your international staff do?

Our staff does an enormous amount of research including financial analy­sis and
site visits before selecting new microfinance partners to work with. This due
diligence ensures that the foundation supports lending projects that put the
interests of the microcredit borrowers first.

We continue to conduct ongoing monitoring and evaluation of our 52 (and growing)
projects around the world.

How many people has the foundation helped since its inception in 2006?

Whole Planet Foundation has supported access to microcredit for more than
212,000 clients, which has benefited an estimated 1.26 million family members
through the creation or expansion of home-based businesses.

How do you select the countries the foundation operates in?

The first step is determining if the country has a Whole Foods Market product
connection. Once the connection is identified, our program team analyzes
potential lending partners that share the same pro-poor lending methodology as
Whole Planet Foundation while operating on a sustainable basis.

Is there a U.S. component to the foundation?

Yes, we support microcredit through Grameen America in New York, Indianapolis,
Omaha, San Francisco, and we plan on continuing to increase our support for
other US markets.

What attracted you to serve on the board of the Capital City African American
Chamber?

I believe diversity is very important for Austin, especially as we continue to
grow. As a member of the Capital City African American Chamber, I hope to help
expand the brand of Austin around the world in an effort to make us a truly
global city.

In Kenya, who did you see on behalf of the chamber?

In Kenya I met with a number of companies that were focused on technology,
primarily mobile technology. Kenya is becoming a center for social innovation
and is leading the world in mobile money.

What would most surprise our readers about what you've seen or learned from so
much world travel?

While traveling the world, I've come to appreciate the importance of living life
with an open mind. Two beliefs have arisen from seeing how the world's poor
live:

1. The poor have great potential but lack access to opportunities, whether a job
or capital. Microcredit is an important resource that can aid the poor to create
a better future.

2. We can learn something from everyone. Regardless of where we stand culturally
or economically, the willingness and ability to keep an open mind will help us
expand our collective consciousness.

How can Austinites get involved?

I am asked this question a lot, and my answer depends on the person and their
personal goals. For some, simply becoming more conscious consumers is a major
and important first step. Others may be ready to make, a bigger commitment and
the Peace Corps could be right for them. Joining one of the many Austin chambers
is a great way to connect to our greater community. Whole Planet Foundation is
constantly creating new ways for people to engage with our mission, so I
encourage everyone to check out our website and follow us on Twitter and like us
on Facebook.

Contact Laylan Copelin at 445-3617

ABOUT THIS SERIES: STATESMAN SUNDAY INTERVIEW
 There are many interesting and insightful people in the Central Texas business
 community. On Sundays, the American-Statesman business team brings you
in-depth interviews with some of them, focusing on topics that matter to our
community. To nominate someone for the Statesman Sunday Interview, email
Statesman business editor Barry Harrell at bharrell@statesman.com



LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

Texas: SBA Access to Capital: Microloans

LENGTH: 133  words

DATELINE: Austin


City of Austin, The State of Texas has issued the following event detail:

SBA Access to Capital: Microloans
City of Austin Small Business Program
Tuesday, June 16, 2015 - 12:00pm to 1:30pm

Alternative Financing and Microloans - Financing session on SBAs Guaranty Loan
Programs and other resources available for the small business community.
Start-ups and existing businesses can gain access to capital for their business
needs such as, working capital, purchase land and building, equipment,
inventory, leasehold improvements and other legitimate business purposes.

Fee: FREE | Register
Location Information
Entrepreneur Center of Austin
4029 South Capital of Texas Highway
Austin, TX 78704

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                January 3, 2011

COMING EVENTS

SECTION: Pg. 13 Vol. 27

LENGTH: 270  words


North American International Auto Show Charity Preview. 6-9 p.m. Jan. 14.
Benefiting nine local charities. Cobo Center, Detroit. $250. Contact: (248)
643-0250; website: www.naias.com.

CEED Microloan Orientation. 9-11 a.m. Jan. 12. Center for Empowerment and
Economic Development. Learn how to get a microloan. Southfield Library. Free,
preregistration required. Contact: (248) 858-0783; website: oakgov.com.

2011 AutoGlow. 4:30 p.m.-midnight. Jan. 14. Includes valet parking, pre-event
reception, food, entertainment and private shuttle for Charity Preview ticket
holders to and from Cobo Center. Westin Book Cadillac, Detroit. $250. Contact:
(313) 262-1220; e-mail: jwloszek@thechildrensctr.com; website:
www.thechildrenscenter.com.

Detroit Economic Club. 11:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m. Jan. 14. With: Dan Hesse, CEO,
Sprint Nextel. Detroit Marriott Renaissance Center. $45 DEC members, $55 guests,
$75 nonmembers. Contact: (313) 963-8547; e-mail: aczarnik@ econclub.org;
website: econclub.org.

State of the Auto Industry. Noon-1:30 p.m. Jan. 18. Chartered Financial Analyst
Society of Detroit. With: David Cole, chairman, Center for Automotive Research.
Detroit Athletic Club. $20 members, $30 nonmembers. Contact: (586) 746-1262;
e-mail: info@cfade troit.org; website:www.cfadetroit.org.

IN4M After Hours. 5:30-7:30 p.m. Jan. 19. Inforum. With: Karla Henderson, group
executive of planning and facilities, city of Detroit. Detroit Institute of
Arts. $29 Inforum members, $39 nonmembers, includes light hors d'oeuvres and
cash bar. Corporate Investor free tickets available. Contact: (877) 633-3500;
website: www.inforummichi gan.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2011 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved
